Contents

Corporate Information........................................................................................................................................ 1

Financial Highlights.............................................................................................................................................. 2

Chairman’s Statements. ....................................................................................................................................... 3

Management Discussion and Analysis. ............................................................................................................ 6

Director and Senior Management. ................................................................................................................. 29

Directors’ Report................................................................................................................................................ 32

Corporate Governance Report. ..................................................................................................................... 42

Environmental, Social and Governance Report........................................................................................ 52

Independent Auditor’s Report......................................................................................................................... 88

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income............................... 94

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position........................................................................................... 95

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equlity......................................................................................... 97

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows....................................................................................................... 98

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statments. .................................................................................... 100
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                                         Registered Office
    Executive Directors                                        Maples Corporate Services Limited
    Mr. LAM Kong                                               PO Box 309
    Mr. CHEN Hongbing                                          Ugland House
    Ms. CHEN Yanling                                           Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Independent Non-Executive Directors                        Cayman Islands
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry                                Headquarters and Principal
    Mr. WU Chi Keung
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                       Place of Business in Hong
    Company Secretary                                          Kong
                                                               Unit 2106, 21/F
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                               Island Place Tower
    Authorized Representatives                                 510 King’s Road
                                                               North Point
    Ms. WU Sanyan
                                                               Hong Kong
    Mr. LAM Kong

    Audit Committee Members                                    Principal Contact Address in
    Mr. WU Chi Keung (Chairman)                                the PRC
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry                                6F - 8F, Block B, Majialong Chuangxin Building
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun                                       198 Daxin Road
                                                               Nanshan District
    Remuneration Committee Members                             Shenzhen 518052
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun (Chairman)                            Guangdong Province
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry                                the PRC
    Mr. WU Chi Keung
                                                               Branch Share Registrar in Hong
    Nomination Committee Members
                                                               Kong
    Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry (Chairman)
                                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
    Mr. LAM Kong
                                                               Limited
    Mr. WU Chi Keung
                                                               Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                               183 Queen’s Road East
    Auditors                                                   Wanchai
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                                   Hong Kong
    Certified Public Accountants
                                                               Stock Code
    Principal Bankers                                          867
    China Merchants Bank, Shenzhen Branch
                                                               Company’s Website
    Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                               www.cms.net.cn
    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    Citibank (China) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Branch
    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Shenzhen Branch




1   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                  Financial Highlights


•          Turnover up 1.6% to RMB5,433.4 million (2017: RMB5,348.8 million); excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
           system”, turnover up 10.0% to RMB6,134.5 million (2017: RMB5,578.6 million)
•          Gross profit up 12.6% to RMB3,916.9 million (2017: RMB3,478.3 million); excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
           system”, gross profit up 10.5% to RMB3,616.8 million (2017: RMB3,272.2 million)
•          Profit for the year up 10.5% to RMB1,844.6 million (2017: RMB1,669.9 million)
•          Basic earnings per share up 10.5% to RMB0.7441 (2017: RMB0.6734)
•          As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB815.1 million while readily
           realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB291.6 million
•          Proposed final dividend of RMB0.1434 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year ended 31 December
           2018 to RMB0.2970 per share, representing an increase of 10.6% of last year (2017: final dividend of
           RMB0.1393 and total dividend of RMB0.2686 per share respectively)
Turnover (excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”) and profit of the Group for the latest ten years are set out
below:




Consolidated Balance Sheet Highlights


                                                                 As at 31 December
                                         2014             2015              2016              2017                 2018
                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000               RMB’000
    Total assets                   4,905,281         6,397,583        9,791,593        10,148,843            10,506,452
    Total liabilities                914,442         1,045,115        3,523,769          2,820,586            2,102,377
    Net assets                     3,990,839         5,352,468        6,267,824          7,328,257            8,404,075




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         2
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018
    Chairman’s Statement


    Dear shareholders and partners,

    2018 is the key year for China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) to achieve strategic transformation and
    breakthrough. Looking back on the past eight years as a listed company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
    of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), the Company’s financial performance has successively broken new
    records. At the same time, according to the development trends of the industry, the Company has been constantly
    seeking for revolution, and has gradually developed into a well-established, innovation-driven specialty pharma with
    a focus on sales and marketing in China. I would like to sincerely thank all our shareholders and partners on behalf of
    the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board of Directors”) for your concern and unwavering supports. Below
    you will find the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “CMS”) for the year ended 31
    December 2018 (the “Reporting Period”).


    Grasping the Trend and Driving the Transformation

    In the past year, the pharmaceutical industry in China has undergone profound transformation. With the official
    implementation of the State “Procurement with Volume in 11 Cities”, the decline of drug prices has become an
    inevitable trend, accelerating the restructuring of the industry structure. However, various policies such as encouraging
    drug innovation, accelerating drug review and approval have been issued successively, creating unprecedented
    opportunities for the development of China’s innovative drug market. In the long run, for pharmaceutical enterprises
    with long-term persistence to innovation and internationalization, portfolio advantages, sales and marketing capability
    and resource integration ability, are capable of growing continuously under the process of industrial advancement.
    Innovation serves as the soul for promoting the advancement of pharmaceutical companies, and the impetus
    of their prosperity. After years of deep understanding and unique discretion of the industry trend, the Group has
    found the most suitable strategic path conforming to the industry trend. Since 2018, the Group has increased its
    continuous efforts on innovative product R&D. By utilizing the overseas resource network accumulated for more than
    two decades, with its international vision the Group has sought for innovative patented products to meet China’s
    unmet medical needs. The Group mainly invested in equities of overseas innovative clinical-stage pharmaceutical
    companies with R&D capabilities in specific fields. With the help of their unique R&D platform resources, the Group
    laid out innovative patented products in a multi-dimensional way, enriching its innovative products reserve with the
    collaborative research mode.

    The Group is committed to offering competitive products and services to satisfy China’s unmet medical needs. As
    of the end of 2018, CMS has strategically invested in equities of several clinical stage companies in the UK, France,
    Switzerland and the U.S. These clinical stage companies own R&D teams with rich experiences in the field of drug
    development and healthcare, as well as their focus on neurological wellness, central nervous system, infectious
    disease treatment, nano-medicines therapy, acute thrombotic disease, and oral T-cell immunotherapy related
    innovative R&D fields. The Group has acquired markets rights of mainly nine innovative products in China and some
    Asia-Pacific countries. Among them, the Group has been working on the relevant preparations of the registration
    and application of two products to launch in China: PoNS, for the treatment of balancing disorders in brain related
    diseases, and NRL-1, for the treatment of acute repetitive seizures. Hopefully these two innovative products could be
    launched in China soon. While benefiting patients and families who are troubled by relevant indications in China, they
    will unveil a new chapter of innovative products’ harvest period for the Group.




3   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




China is a big country for generic drugs but not a strong one. The quality of generic drugs urgently needs to be
improved. With the promotion and implementation of policies such as procurement with volume and consistency
evaluation, generic drugs have been developed towards the direction of high quality and controllable costs. While
implementing the innovation-driven development strategy as its core, the Group believes that imported generic
drugs with approved quality and affordable prices could also benefit the society and the people. We believe that the
opportunities for quality generics have always been there. During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired all assets
of the six generic injections related to the Chinese market. The Group looks forward to acquiring the Import Drug
License and marketing its imported high-quality generic products portfolio in China, which will not only help the Group
to seize the market shares, but also relieve the financial burden and bring good news to the Chinese patients with
relevant indications.


Forging Ahead and Making Breakthroughs

While deepening the transformation of innovative drug strategy, the Group continued to dig deeply into the
differentiated academic characteristics of commercialized products, and to create a broader product market space
by means of continuing education for doctors, disease management for patients, academic research support and
improvement of diagnosis and management level of various diseases. In 2018, the performances of the existing
main products have basically met the expectation, providing strong resources and financial support for the Group’s
innovative development strategy.

Marketing and promotion is the core for the operation and development of a pharmaceutical company. The
construction of innovative promotion network and the creation of innovative promotion mode have also been one of
the Group’s major focuses in the past year. After more than two decades of development and accumulation, the Group
owns the promotion network and platform across China, and the proven product commercialization competence.
The highly effective promotion team with strong execution gives the network strong market creativity. The Group is
excellent at exploring the differentiated academic advantages of products, and has created market prospects and
quality brand image from scratch for many self-promoted products. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued
to restructure and upgrade its academic promotion network and enhance the rationality, legality and compliance of
the business through refined internal management. At the same time, we actively promoted the construction of the
innovative promotion mode, while constantly exploring and upgrading the digital promotion tools, to break down the
barriers of time and space under the traditional promotion mode, creating the more diversified academic promotion
forms, more refined business data and more standardized promotional staff behaviors, in order to build up a more
capable promotional system with a better carrying capacity for the commercialization of innovative products, facilitating
the launch and development of the innovative products. In addition, in order to adapt to the business pattern changes
of prescription outflow caused by policies such as procurement with volume, drug sales proportion control, limited
prescription of national reimbursed drugs, and hierarchical diagnosis and treatment, the Group reorganized and
strengthened the extension arrangement of its retail channel according to the product characteristics. We firmly believe
that the promotion system which treats professional academic promotion as the core, and continues to upgrade
and breakthrough according to the external environment, is the most suitable for the development trend of China’s
pharmaceutical market.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          4
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)




    Looking ahead, the medical and pharmaceutical industry in China will usher in a more radical structural adjustment.
    The implementation of procurement with volume will bring negative impacts on the entire pharmaceutical industry in
    the short-term, however, it will promote the transformation of the China’s pharmaceutical industry to be innovation-
    oriented in the long run. The Group believes that the sustainable R&D capability and rich R&D pipeline are the
    prerequisites for pharmaceutical companies to capture the future market, and will continue to focus on innovative
    product research and development and make more efforts in expanding its professional marketing network, to support
    its sustainable growth. CMS will adhere to its values of “Value Creation for Customers, Global Reach for Innovation,
    Dedication and Perseverance, Ethics and Integrity, Professionalism and Entrepreneurship”!

                                                                                                      Chairman
                                                                                                      Lam Kong
                                                                                                   Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                    18 March 2019




5   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  Management Discussion
                                                           and Analysis

Business Review
The Company is pleased to announce that for the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group recorded a turnover
of RMB 5,433.4 million (2017: RMB 5,348.8 million), representing an increase of 1.6% over the same period last
year; excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, the turnover would have been up 10.0% to RMB 6,134.5
million (2017: RMB 5,578.6 million). Profit for the year reached RMB 1,844.6 million (2017: RMB 1,669.9 million), up
10.5% from the corresponding period last year. The basic earnings per share was RMB 0.7441 (2017: RMB 0.6734),
representing an increase of 10.5% over the same period last year.

2018 is a year in which the Chinese pharmaceutical industry has undergone the major revolution and the structure of
the pharmaceutical industry has been geared to the international standards in acceleration. The implementation and
promotion of various policies, such as the national medical insurance spending control, procurement with volume,
expansion of National Essential Drugs List (“NEDL”), consistency evaluation, the control of the weight of drug sales,
and hierarchical diagnosis and treatment management, have far-reaching impacts on the entire pharmaceutical
industry. Among them, the implementation of “Procurement with Volume in 11 Cities” highlighted the country’s
determination to further reduce the drug prices. At the same time, in terms of promoting the development of innovative
drugs, from June 2018, the China National Drug Administration was elected as a member of the Management
Committee of the ICH (International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals
for Human Use) to various attention attracting policies, such as the acquiescence system of the clinical trials
application, acceleration in review and approval for overseas launched clinically urgently-needed new drugs, and
the acceptance of overseas clinical trial data, have been continuously introduced, it is indicated that the market
of innovative drugs has been booming in China. During the Reporting Period, the Group actively faced with the
opportunities and challenges brought by the industry restructure. On the one hand, the Group has been consistently
seeking for overseas cooperations and opportunities, speeding up the arrangement and development of innovative
products, in order to provide sustainable driving force for the Group’s growth in the long-term; on the other hand,
grasping the dividend window for quality generic drugs, the Group has proactively expanded the arrangement path
of the overseas quality generics. At the same time, the Group continued to focus on the differentiation promotion
based on the advantages of existing products to stabilize the core market, and speed up the penetration of network
and expansion of retail market. At the same time, through the digital marketing management system, the Group has
consistently upgraded the carrying capacity of existing network to further improve the commercialization capacity for
the products, aiming to maintain the sustainable growth. During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved the steady
growth.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         6
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    I. Driving Force for the Future Development
    During the Reporting Period, after making a detailed assessment of the situations, the Group determined the
    innovative research and development as its core strategic path. At the same time, the Group strengthened the
    commercialization development of overseas launched products in China, and continued to seek for the development
    of launched products in China, aiming to provide impetus for the sustainable development of the Group’s performance.
    With the innovative research and development as its core strategy, the Group has the capability to facilitate the whole
    process for innovative products from the early arrangement in the research stage, customization of marketing strategy
    proposal before launching, to the commercialization in the Chinese market. During the Reporting Period, by utilizing
    the established overseas resources and reputation, the Group invested in the equities of overseas pharmaceutical
    R&D companies with the ability to do the research and development in the specialized field, and expanded different
    research areas by utilizing their rich experiences within pharmaceutical R&D industry and R&D teams with working
    experiences in multinational pharmaceutical companies, to make arrangement for the innovative products portfolio
    multi-dimensionally. In addition, for the commercialization development of overseas launched products in China, the
    Group officially opened a new chapter of the overseas high quality generics arrangement. By taking the advantages of
    the pharmaceutical technique and high quality standards of overseas matured pharmaceutical companies, the Group
    expected to directly introduce the overseas generic drugs with proven quality and affordable price to the domestic
    market with a relatively light-asset mode, aiming to earn a place in Chinese generics competition and create the
    incremental market. In addition, closely following the development trend of the industry, the Group continued to seek
    for the domestically launched products which were suitable for its development.


    1. Innovative Research and Development
    The Group is fully aware that pharmaceutical companies are empowered by innovative research and development, and
    has determined to accelerate the pace of innovative research and development by the combination of collaborative
    R&D and in-house R&D.


    Collaborative R&D
    During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired seven innovative patented products from overseas R&D companies
    with R&D capabilities in specific fields from the U.S., the U.K., France, Switzerland and Israel through equity investment
    and rights purchase, which expanded the number of the Group’s innovative patented products (human clinical trial is
    ongoing/completed) to nine.

    Equity Investment
    PoNS (Portable Neurostimulation Device)
    A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B” ), wholly owned by Mr. Lam Kong (a controlling shareholder of the Company, as
    such term is defined in the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”),
    made an equity investment in Helius Medical Technologies Inc (“Helius”), a U.S. neurotech company focused on
    neurological wellness, and acquired the assets related to portable neurostimulation device PoNS for the China market
    (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.). In August 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary entered into a
    framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to PoNS. The Group has agreed to acquire from A&B all assets
    related to the products in China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.). The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary and
    A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the transaction at a later stage prior to the launch of the product
    in China. The parties expect that the consideration for the transaction will be calculated with reference to the net sales
    of the product in the China market.



7   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




As a class II medical device, PoNS is the only tongue delivered stimulator which stimulates the cranial nerves by
acting on the tongue. Combined with exercise training, PoNS is being developed for the adjuvant treatment of
balance disorders in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI), stroke, cerebral palsy, etc. PoNS is a patented product.
The invention patents, protecting the product equipment, have entered into the Chinese national phase via PCT
international application, which will expire in 2035, if granted. Meanwhile, the product has design patents in China,
which will expire in 2025. Helius has submitted the request to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for de
novo classification and 510(k) clearance of the PoNS device for the treatment of chronic balance deficit due to mild-
to moderate- TBI in September 2018, and the wholly owned subsidiary of Helius has received authorization from
Health Canada to market PoNS in October 2018. The Group has been working on the relevant preparations of the
registration and application and other related work for PoNS to launch in China. In China, there are more than 1.3
million people suffering from accidental injuries each year due to traffic accidents, which is the most common cause
of TBI (accounts for 54% of TBI causes), and there is a large unmet treatment need for rehabilitation of TBI prognostic
balance disorders. However, no drugs or methods are approved to solve this treatment difficulty in domestic and
overseas currently. PoNS will provide patients with a new treatment mode to improve the balance disorders once
approved.

NRL-1 (Intranasal Diazepam)
A&B, wholly owned by Mr. Lam Kong, a controlling shareholder of the Company, made an equity investment in
Neurelis, Inc. (“Neurelis”), a U.S. specialty pharmaceutical company focused on central nervous system innovative
therapies, and acquired the assets related to the pharmaceutical preparation, formulation, dosage form, or delivery
vehicle, containing or comprising NRL-1 (intranasal diazepam) etc. and/or line extensions for the China market (HK
SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.) from an entity. In August 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary
entered into a framework asset transfer agreement with A&B relating to NRL-1. The Group has agreed to acquire from
A&B all assets related to the products in China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.). The Group’s wholly-owned
subsidiary and A&B will further negotiate and agree on the terms of the transaction at a later stage prior to the launch
of the product in China. The parties expect that the consideration for the transaction will be calculated with reference
to the net sales of the product in China. In November 2018, the Group made an equity investment in Neurelis through
its wholly-owned subsidiary.

NRL-1 is a proprietary formulation of diazepam, delivered via a nasal formulation in a spray, being developed
for the management of pediatric and adult patients who require intermittent use of diazepam to control bouts of
increased seizure activity (also known as acute repetitive or cluster seizures). NRL-1’s formulation incorporates the
unique combination of a Vitamin E-based solvent and Intravail® absorption enhancement with the goal of obtaining
unparalleled absorption, tolerability, and reliability in a nasal formulation. Compared with intravenous diazepam,
the product shows 96% absolute bioavailability with low variability, and provides a treatment option which is more
convenient and can be applied anytime and anywhere in patients. In addition, simple and rapid administration can
shorten the duration of epileptic seizures and lead to better treatment outcomes for patients. In September 2018,
Neurelis has submitted a New Drug Application (NDA) with U.S. FDA. The Group has been working on the relevant
preparations of the registration and application and other related work for NRL-1 to launch in China. According to
the estimation based on domestic epidemiological data, there are about 6 million active epilepsy patients in China,
and only about 2 million patients with epilepsy who have received regular treatment, of which 20%-30% (about 0.4-
0.6 million) are still out of effective control and are at risk of repetitive seizures. Once approved in China, NRL-1 will
certainly become a long-term prepared and essential medicine for patients with acute repetitive seizures, and the
market prospects are promising.


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          8
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    (CONTINUED)




    BB2603 (Terbinafine-nano)
    In August 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary made an equity investment in Blueberry Therapeutics
    Limited (“Blueberry Therapeutics”), a U.K. drug discovery and development company focused on development of
    innovative nanomedicines, and acquired all related assets to the leading product BB2603 (terbinafine-nano) in China
    (HK SAR, Macau SAR & Taiwan incl.), Republic of Korea, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and Mongolia.

    BB2603 is a novel cutaneous spray of terbinafine hydrochloride with nanotechnology developed for the treatment
    of onychomycosis and tinea pedis. BB2603 aims to demonstrate equivalent efficacy and treatment duration but at
    a dose which is several thousand-fold lower than documented for oral terbinafine. In addition, for patients who are
    not suitable or in poor compliance with oral administration, BB2603 provides a better safety option. Two formulation
    patents for BB2603 have been applied in China with terms up to the year 2034 and 2036 if granted. BB2603 has
    completed its Phase I/II clinical trial in Germany, and Bluberry Therapeutics will initiate a large Phase IIb dose finding
    efficacy study for BB2603 in onychomycosis. Onychomycosis and tinea pedis are very common diseases with a high
    recurrence rate in China, the current topical drugs are difficult to penetrate nails resulting in a complete cure rate less
    than 20% of onychomycosis. BB2603 will have broad market prospects once approved.

    ACT017 (Antiplatelet Humanized Antibody Fragment)
    In July 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary made an equity investment in Acticor Biotech, a French
    clinical-stage biotechnology company which focused on innovative treatment in the therapy of acute thrombotic
    diseases, and acquired all assets related to ACT017 (antiplatelet humanized antibody fragment) and any follow-up
    products developed on the basis of the same compound in China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.) and other
    designated Asian countries (Japan, India and Western Asia countries excl.).

    ACT017, a biological agent, is a high affinity humanized antibody fragment (Fab) directed against the platelet
    glycoprotein VI (GPVI), and is being developed for the treatment of the acute phase of ischemic stroke. Though
    thrombolytic therapy is the first treatment choice recommended by various guidelines all over the world, it still
    has problems such as short treatment time window, low rate of vascular recanalization, various contraindications,
    increasing risk of bleeding. Furthermore, current antiplatelet agents also have the disadvantage of increasing the risk
    of bleeding. Previous studies have shown that ACT017 can inhibit the collagen-induced platelet aggregation without
    increasing the risk of bleeding, which gives the candidate potential to increase the efficacy and safety profile in the
    treatment combined with thrombolysis therapy. Meanwhile, ACT017 is administered intravenously which ensures a
    rapid drug action. Therefore, when compared with existing oral antiplatelet drugs, ACT017 is more suitable to be
    used for in-hospital emergency treatment of ischemic stroke. The substance patent of ACT017 has entered into the
    Chinese national phase via PCT international application, which will expire in 2036, if granted. The phase I clinical
    trial of ACT017 has been completed in Europe, and the results showed that the primary endpoint was achieved.
    The phase I/II clinical trial of ACT017 is undergoing in Europe. It is estimated that nearly 2 million new strokes occur
    every year in China, resulting in approximately 1.2-1.6 million new cases annually. Ischemic stroke is characterized
    by high morbidity, disability and mortality. ACT017 has the potential to overcome the longstanding safety concerns
    about existing drugs in stroke and other serious vascular emergency situations and would become a first-class
    antithrombotic agent.




9   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




VXM01 (Oral T-cell Immunotherapy)
In September 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary made an equity investment in VAXIMM AG
(“VAXIMM”), a Swiss/German biotech company which focused on Oral T-cell immunotherapies for patients suffering
from cancer, and gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop and commercialize the
current products portfolio (the current leading product is VXM01) and line extension as well as designated products
and line extension that will be solely owned and under the control of VAXIMM in China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and
Taiwan incl.) and other designated Asian countries (Japan, India and Western Asia countries excl.).

VXM01 is an oral T-cell immunotherapy mainly being developed to treat patients with recurrent glioblastoma (GBM)
currently. Oral administration gives VXM01 a high patient compliance. After several prime doses, VXM01 will evoke an
antigen-specific immune response. VXM01 appeared to be safe and well tolerated. The phase I clinical trial of VXM01
has been completed in Europe and a phase I/II clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of VXM01 in combination
with Avelumab in patients with recurrent GBM is undergoing. The production process patent of VXM01 has been
granted in China, which will expire in 2032. In addition, two other method patents which have entered into the Chinese
national phase and have an expected expiry of up to 2036, if granted. GBM is one of the most aggressive primary
brain tumors and has the characteristics of high recurrence rate and low overall survival rate. VXM01 has the potential
to be an innovative biological agent that improves the survival of patients with recurrent GBM.

Traumakine® (Recombinant Human Interferon beta-1a Intravenous Lyophilized Preparation)
In May 2018, Faron Pharmaceuticals Ltd. announced the top-line data for Traumakine®’s Pan-European Phase III
INTEREST trial. Traumakine® is the biological agent used for the treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome.
The INTEREST study did not meet the Day 28 (D28) primary efficacy composite endpoint of ventilator free days and
survival rate with Traumakine® treatment. The Group believes that, under the current circumstances, Traumakine®
would not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approval for it to be marketed based on the above results. While
the results of this clinical trial were disappointing, the Group does not believe that they would have any material impact
on the financial performance of the Group.

Rights Purchase
CF101 & CF102 (Selective Agonists to the A3 Adenosine Receptor)
In August 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary signed a License, Collaboration and Distribution
Agreement with Can-Fite BioPharma Ltd. (“Can-Fite BioPharma”), an Israel clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company, and gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable rights to develop, register, manufacture and
commercialize its current products selective agonists to the A3 adenosine receptor (A3AR) CF101 and CF102 in China
(HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.).

CF101 is an oral product developed for the treatment of autoimmune-inflammatory diseases including rheumatoid
arthritis (RA) and psoriasis. Currently, MTX is recommended by guidelines for the treatment of RA, and it is also the
most cost-effective drug for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, but there are many adverse reactions. CF101 will be
possible to replace oral MTX as the first-line treatment for RA and will provide a new oral treatment for patients with
plaque psoriasis. Phase III clinical trials of CF101 in the treatment of RA and psoriasis have been ongoing. In China,
about 5 million people suffer from RA and approximately 6.5 million people suffer from psoriasis. CF101 will provide a
new treatment for patients with RA and psoriasis once approved, and will have a good market prospect.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          10
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     CF102 is developed for a second line treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), and a treatment for non-alcoholic
     fatty liver disease (NAFLD) /non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Phase II clinical trials of CF102 in the treatment of
     HCC and NAFLD/NASH have been ongoing. In HCC treatment, traditional cytotoxic drugs including monotherapy or
     combination therapy are not highly effective, but with severe toxicity and side effects, so their repeatability is poor; the
     long-term use of the targeted agents such as sorafenib may cause drug resistance, reduce the efficiency of clinical
     treatment, and shorten the median time to progression and median survival time. CF102 is used in patients with
     disease progression after sorafenib treatment, providing patients with a new treatment option. Primary liver cancer is
     currently the fourth common malignant tumor in China and the third leading cause of death by cancer. HCC accounts
     for 85% to more than 90% of primary liver cancer. In addition, the prevalence of NAFLD in China has surpassed that in
     developed countries such as Europe and the U.S., posing a serious threat to national health and social development.
     There is no evidence of evidence-based medicine for the treatments of NAFLD/NASH so far. Once CF102 has been
     confirmed by clinical trials, it will provide patients with a new treatment option.


     In- house R&D
     CMS024 (Tyroserleutide)
     The Group has taken the first step towards In-house R&D since 1998. CMS024 (Tyroserleutide), used to treat primary
     liver cancer, is a National Class One New Drug researched and developed by the Group. Though the Phase III clinical
     trial unblinded on February 2014 failed to achieve the expected results, the subgroup with “no tumor thrombosis”
     in the hepatic portal vein branches demonstrated a favorable trend during the clinical trial, the Group conducted a
     half-year “follow-up study” and achieved significant results. According to statistical data from the study, a statistical
     significance in survival time between the treatment group and the placebo group of the subgroup had been observed,
     indicating that CMS024 could prolong the survival time of liver cancer patients with “no tumor thrombosis” in the
     hepatic portal vein branches. Based on these positive results, the Group has decided to carry out a new extended
     phase III clinical trial for CMS024. During the Reporting Period, the extended phase III clinical trial of Tyroserleutide
     was still in the patient recruitment process. The costs of this clinical trial will continue to be borne by Kangzhe
     Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited (“Kangzhe R&D”), and the Group will pay 13%
     of the product’s revenue to Kangzhe R&D as royalty fees after the successful commercialization of the product. If
     Tyroserleutide is successfully launched into the market, it will not only have great market potential in China, but also
     have a significant impact on human health.




11   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




The development process of innovative patented products (human clinical trial is ongoing/ completed):


                                                                                                                               FDA/EMA*
Acquisition   R&D                                                                                                              Marketing
                    Product                         Indication              Ownership Territory     Phase I Phase II Phase III
 Method     Company                                                                                                             Approval
                                                                                                                               Application

                                    Physical Adjuvant Therapy for
                 Helius     PoNS Balance Disorders Related
                                                                    China (HK SAR, Macau
                Medical    (Medical Symptoms due to Mild to
                                                                    SAR& Taiwan incl.)
              Technologies Device ) Moderate Traumatic Brain Injury
    Equity                          (TBI)
 Investment

                                                                           China (HK SAR, Macau
              Neurelis, Inc    NRL-1    Acute Repetitive Seizures
                                                                           SAR& Taiwan incl.)



  In-house     In-house                                                    China (HK SAR, Macau
                              CMS024 Primary Liver Cancer
    R&D          R&D                                                       SAR& Taiwan incl.)




                                        Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)

                               CF101

                                        Psoriasis

  Rights       Can-Fite                                                    China (HK SAR, Macau
 Purchase     BioPharma                                                    SAR& Taiwan incl.)

                                        Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC)

                               CF102
                                        Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver
                                        Disease (NAFLD) / Non-
                                        Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH)

                                                                           China (HK SAR, Macau
                Destiny                 Prevention of Post-surgical        SAR& Taiwan incl.) and
                               XF-73
                Pharma                  Staphylococcal Infections          other Asian Countries
                                                                           (Japan excl.)

                                                                China (HK SAR, Macau
               Blueberry
                           BB2603 Onychomycosis and Tinea Pedis SAR& Taiwan incl.), Korea,
              Therapeutics
                                                                North Korea& Mongolia

    Equity                                                               China (HK SAR, Macau
 Investment                    ACT017                                    SAR& Taiwan incl.) and
                Acticor
                              (Biological Acute Phase of Ischemic Stroke other designated Asian
                Biotech
                                Agent)                                   Countries (Japan etc.
                                                                         excl.)

                                                                           China (HK SAR, Macau
                          VXM01                                            SAR& Taiwan incl.) and
                                    Recurrent Glioblastoma (GBM)
              VAXIMM AG (Biological                                        other designated Asian
                          Agent)                                           Countries (Japan etc.
                                                                           excl.)

		
*European Medicines Agency (“EMA”)

                                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        12
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     2. Commercialization Development of Overseas Launched Products in China
     The Group acquired all assets of overseas launched products related to the China market mainly through asset
     purchase, and applied for the Import Drug License (“IDL”) for products according to the requirements of the National
     Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”).

     Generics Portfolio
     In July 2018, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Venus
     Pharma GmbH (“Venus Pharma”) from Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of Venus Remedies Limited and acquired
     all assets of Venus Pharma’s current product portfolio related to the market in China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan
     incl.).

     The transaction involved six injections, all of which are included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”).
     The four anti-tumor products are Gemcitabine Hydrochloride for Injection, Docetaxel for Injection, Pemetrexed
     disodium for Injection and Bortezomib for Injection, and are all commonly used drugs for clinical anti-tumor therapy
     and recommended by guidelines; the two antibiotic products are Meropenem for Injection and Imipenem-Cilastatin
     for Injection, with a wide range of antibacterial effects and being used to treat a variety of infections. The six generic
     injections were manufactured by Venus Remedies Limited. At present, the material preparation to apply for the IDL for
     the generics portfolio has been carried out in China. Specific product information is summarized in the following table:


                                Product                 Category                            Indication

                      Gemcitabine Hydrochloride        Pyrimidine       Non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer and
                             for Injection             Analogue                           breast cancer


                                                                        Breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, prostate
                          Docetaxel Injection            Taxanes
                                                                                   cancer and gastric cancer
       Anti-tumor
        Products
                         Pemetrexed disodium            Folic Acid       Non-small cell lung cancer and malignant pleural
                            for Injection               Analogue                           mesothelioma


                                                       Proteasome
                        Bortezomib for Injection                           Multiple Myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma
                                                         Inhibitor


                                                                          Pneumonia, urinary tract infection, gynecologic
                        Meropenem for Injection      Carbapenems
                                                                           infections, skin and soft tissue infection etc.
        Antibiotic
        Products
                          Imipenem-Cilastatin                          Intra-abdominal infection, lower respiratory infection,
                                                     Carbapenems
                              for Injection                                  gynecologic infections and septicemia etc.




13   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




Other Overseas Products -- Products undergoing application process for Import Drug License
During the Reporting Period, the Group had three products undergoing the application process for IDL. They will
contribute to the Group’s revenue after they are officially issued an IDL by the NMPA. Key information about these
products is listed below:


                                                                                 NMPA Pending        Registration
     Product                 Indication                 Manufacturer
                                                                                   Number             Process

                        For the treatment of        Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH             Material           Material
    Budenofalk
                          Crohn’s disease                  (Germany)               Preparation        Preparation

                        For the treatment of           Zeller Medical AG
      Ze 339                                                                      JXZL1500004         CDE Review
                           allergic rhinitis             (Switzerland)


                                                         Beacon
   Succinylated       For initial management of                                      Material           Material
                                                   Pharmaceuticals Limited
  Gelatin Injection     hypovolaemic shock                                         Preparation        Preparation
                                                           (UK)



For more information on imported drug registration of the Group’s products, please refer to the NMPA website (http://
www.nmpa.gov.cn).


3. Development of Launched Products in China
In June 2018, based on the non-legally binding strategic cooperation memorandum previously reached, the Group
through its wholly owned subsidiary signed a Business Promotion Delegation Agreement with Asahi Kasei Pharma
Corporation (“Asahi Kasei Pharma”), a research-based health care innovator, for its product Elcitonin (Elcatonin
Injection). According to the agreement, the Group gained exclusive promotion rights of the product in China (HK SAR,
Macau SAR & Taiwan excl.). The promotion activities started from August 2018.

This strategic cooperation with Asahi Kasei Pharma was based on the trust of Asahi Kasei Pharma in the Group and
the affirmation of the previous cooperation, in which the Group took a solid step in seeking and achieving strategic
cooperation with its existing partners. In the future, the Group will actively seek to achieve a long-term and win-
win cooperation with its existing partners, so as to work together to accumulate power for the development of the
enterprise.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        14
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     II. Existing Product Development
     Main Products
     Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablets)
     The company owns the 20-year exclusive license for the commercialization of Plendil in China（HK SAR, Macau
     SAR & Taiwan excl.）. Plendil is an original product manufactured by AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 阿
     斯利康製藥有限公司 ). Plendil is used to treat hypertension and stable angina pectoris and is in the NRDL. It was
     included in the NEDL in 2018. Plendil is the sustained release formulation of Felodipine, which smoothly controls blood
     pressure with low occurrence rates of side effects. In 2018, the latest edition of “Chinese Guidelines for the Prevention
     and Treatment of Hypertension 2018 Revised” was released and continuously granted Felodipine the relevant
     recommendation based on the previous version (2010). During the Reporting Period, Plendil recorded a revenue of
     RMB 1,123.1 million, a decrease of 12.9% compared with the same period last year. If excluding the effect of the
     “two-invoice system”, Plendil’s revenue would increase by 5.2% to RMB 1,450.7 million compared with the same
     period last year, accounting for 23.6% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group adhered to use the differentiation promotion strategy to stabilize the
     core market, strengthening the brand image of “ Choice of Antihypertensive in China with Cardiovascular and
     Cerebrovascular Protection”, and continually penetrated the lower-tier market, bringing the normative diagnosis
     and treatment of high blood pressure to the lower-tier market. In addition, nationwide academic lectures of different
     directions were conducted to further enhance the linkage of national academic communication. Meanwhile, combined
     with Plendil’s characteristics, the Group has started to promote and enhance the construction of retail team steadily,
     focusing on development and expansion of the retail market. For the year ended 31 December 2018, sales of Plendil
     covered around 28,000 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

     Ursofalk (Ursodeoxycholic Acid Capsules)
     Ursofalk is manufactured by Losan Pharma GmbH, Germany, the entrusted manufacturer of Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH
     (“Falk”), Germany. The product is used for the treatment of cholesterol gallstones in the gallbladder, cholestatic
     liver disease and biliary reflux gastritis and is in the NRDL. Based on IMS data in 2018, Ursofalk is the best-selling
     ursodeoxycholic acid drug in China, and ranks first in sales among digestive products in the Chinese cholagogue
     market. In 2018, Ursodeoxycholic was recommended by “2018 the British Society of Gastroenterology/UKPBC
     Primary Biliary Cholangitis Treatment and Management Guidelines”. During the Reporting Period, Ursofalk recorded
     a revenue of RMB 1,147.0 million, an increase of 19.6% compared with the same period last year. Ursofalk’s revenue
     accounted for 18.7% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

     During the Reporting Period, benefiting from various recommendations of multiple guidelines and clinical papers,
     Ursofalk continued to be recognized by experts. In addition, on the basis of the steady promotion in several major
     departments such as traditional infection, hepatopathy and digestion, the Group actively promoted the use of Ursofalk
     in the treatment of drug-induced liver injury and surgery. The Group found a new growth trigger for Ursofalk with an
     integrated promotion with the Group’s other products under digestive line. For the year ended 31 December 2018,
     sales of Ursofalk covered around 10,900 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.




15   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Deanxit (Flupentixol and Melitracen Tablets)
Deanxit, manufactured by H. Lundbeck A/S of Denmark, is used in the treatment of mild to moderate depression,
anxiety and psychosomatic affections, and is in the NRDL. Based on IMS data in 2018, Deanxit ranks first in the
market share of antidepressant drugs in China. The Flupentixol and Melitracen was recommended by “Guidelines
for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Common Diseases of the Nervous System with Depression” in 2018. During the
Reporting Period, Deanxit recorded a revenue of RMB 1,013.4 million, an increase of 6.8% compared with the same
period last year. Deanxit’s revenue accounted for 16.5% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice
system”.

During the Reporting Period, the Group constructed and optimized the existing promotion platform, solidified the
traditional departments while strengthening the maintenance of key basic departments. In addition, the Group actively
expand the community and county-level market. For the year ended 31 December 2018, sales of Deanxit covered
around 23,000 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

XinHuoSu (Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide for Injection)
XinHuoSu, manufactured by Chengdu Rhodiola Biological Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Tibet Rhodiola
Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”, an associate company of the Group) in which the Group
holds 36.83% of the share, is a National Class One biological agent used to treat acute heart failure. It is also the only
Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide (“rhBNP”) currently available in the China market. XinHuoSu is included
in the NRDL. Recommended by the first “Acute Heart Failure Diagnosis and Treatment Guideline (2010)” in China and
“2018 Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in China” in 2018, XinHuoSu has gradually become
the new generation medication for acute heart failure. During the Reporting Period, XinHuoSu recorded a revenue of
RMB 334.9 million, a decrease of 18.7% compared with the same period last year. If excluding the effect of the “two-
invoices system”, XinHuoSu’s revenue would increase by 36.0% to RMB 886.6 million compared with the same period
last year, accounting for 14.5% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to expand and penetrate the core expert network of the cardiology
department. Meanwhile, through establishing and optimizing academic platforms related to the severe cases of
cardiothoracic surgery, emergency medical care and geriatric department, the Group further enhanced the academic
influence and the brand image of the product. Moreover, the comprehensive implementation of the national medical
insurance, and policies issued by many provinces stating that XinHuoSu and other negotiated products are eliminated
from the control of drug sales weight of the total revenue for hospitals, boosted the growth of XinHuoSu. For the year
ended 31 December 2018, sales of XinHuoSu covered around 2,300 hospitals and medical institutions throughout
China.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          16
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Salofalk (Mesalazine)
     Dosage forms of suppositories and enemas of Salofalk are manufactured by Vifor AG Zweigniederlassung Medichmie
     Ettingen, Switzerland, which is the entrusted manufacturer of Falk, Germany; while enteric-coated tablets of Salofalk
     are manufactured by Losan Pharma GmbH, Germany, which is the entrusted manufacturer of Falk, Germany. Salofalk
     is mainly used to treat Ulcerative Colitis, including the treatment of acute exacerbations and also to prevent recurrence,
     as well as the treatment of acute exacerbations of Crohn’s disease. Salofalk is in the NRDL and was also included in
     the NEDL in 2018. It is the Mesalazine with the widest dosage forms in China market. According to the “Consensus
     on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease (2018)”, Mesalazine is still recommended as the first-
     line drug for the treatment of Ulcerative Colitis. During the Reporting Period, Salofalk recorded a revenue of RMB
     340.9 million, an increase of 15.0% compared with the same period last year. Salofalk’s revenue accounted for 5.6%
     of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to solidify the digestive core market while penetrating the expert
     network to expand the brand influence. Moreover, the Group found a new market growth trigger for Salofalk by
     exploring and developing in core fringe markets as well as enhancing the treatment level of relevant indications. For the
     year ended 31 December 2018, sales of Salofalk covered around 4,000 hospitals and medical institutions throughout
     China.

     Bioflor (Saccharomyces Boulardii Sachets)
     Manufactured by Biocodex of France, Bioflor is a probiotic agent used to treat diarrhea in adults and children, as well
     as diarrhea symptoms induced by intestinal flora disturbance. Bioflor is the global leading probiotics preparations
     currently. “The Chinese Clinical Practice Guidelines for Children with Acute Infectious Diarrhea” published in 2016 gave
     Bioflor the highest level of recommendations. In 2017, the World Gastroenterology Organization (“WGO”) updated the
     “Probiotics and Prebiotics Guideline” and the authoritative recommendation of Bioflor for relevant indications remained
     as in the previous version (2011). During the Reporting Period, Bioflor recorded a revenue of RMB 262.7 million, a
     decrease of 0.2% compared with the same period last year. Bioflor’s revenue accounted for 4.3% of the Group’s
     revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

     During the Reporting Period, adhering to the academic-oriented differentiation promotion strategy, the Group
     cooperated with Biocodex to conduct various academic forums and conference tours, and organized product-related
     re-education activities in various regions, in order to explore the domestic evidence of evidence-based medicine.
     Meanwhile, with solidifying the pediatric field, the Group actively organized promotional activities with other products
     under the digestive line to reinforce the brand image of Bioflor in digestive field. For the year ended 31 December
     2018, sales of Bioflor covered around 3,400 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

     Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops (Esculin and Digitalisglycosides Eye Drops)
     The Group owns Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops’ related assets for the China (HK SAR and Macau SAR incl.)
     market, and has entrusted the manufacture to Pharma Stulln GambH of Germany. Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye
     Drops is used to treat senile macula degeneration and all forms of asthenopia. It is the only eye drops in Chinese
     market for the treatment of macula degeneration and the representative drug for asthenopia, and it is preservative-
     free. During the Reporting Period, Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops recorded a revenue of RMB 225.4 million, and
     increase of 3.6% compared with the same period last year. Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops’ revenue accounted
     for 3.7% of the Group’s revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.




17   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, through various levels of the ophthalmic academic conference, academic re-education
platforms and digital marketing, the Group continued to solidify the promotional work in the related fields of ocular
fundus disease and reinforce the promotional work in the related fields of asthenopia to further expand the brand
influence. For the year ended 31 December 2018, sales of Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye Drops covered around
7,700 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

Hirudoid (Mucopolysaccharide Polysulfate Cream)
The Group owns Hirudoid’s related assets for the China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan excl.) market, and has
entrusted the manufacture of the product to Mobilat Produktions GmbH (Germany). Hirudoid is used in the treatment
of blunt traumata with or without hematomas, and superficial phlebitis that cannot be treated by compression, and
the drug is proven to have broad effects and high safety. The active ingredient of Hirudoid is mucopolysaccharide
polysulfate, which was recommended by the first edition of “Chinese Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment
of Senile Skin Pruritus” in 2018. During the Reporting Period, Hirudoid recorded a revenue of RMB 149.3 million, an
increase of 15.8% compared with the same period last year. Hirudoid’s revenue accounted for 2.4% of the Group’s
revenue excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”.

During the Reporting Period, the Group further solidified its national dermatological experts network and carried out
refined promotion in dermatological indications. For the year ended 31 December 2018, sales of Hirudoid covered
around 7,400 hospitals and medical institutions throughout China.

Combizym (Oryz-Aspergillus Enzyme and Pancreatin Tablets)
The Group owns Combizym’s related assets for the China (HK SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan incl.) market and other
designated countries or areas, and has entrusted the manufacture of the product to Nordmark Arzneimittel GmbH
& Co. KG (Germany). The main ingredients of Combizym are extracts of pancreatin and aspergillus oryzae enzymes.
The product is used for treating dyspepsia caused by a decrease in digestive enzymes and is in the NRDL. In 2018,
Combizym was recommended by the “2018 Standard Practice of Diagnostic and Treatment for Pancreatic Exocrine
Insufficiency”. During the Reporting Period, Combizym recorded a revenue of RMB 86.5 million, an increase of 27.4%
compared with same period last year. Combizym’s revenue accounted for 1.4% of the Group’s revenue excluding the
effect of the “two-invoice system”.

During the Reporting Period, the Group determined the promotion strategy focusing on the core indications through
deeply exploring and comprehending the products’ indications. Meanwhile, benefiting from various recommendations
of multiple guidelines and clinical papers, the evidence of evidence-based medicine of the product was constantly
enriched and updated. For the year ended 31 December 2018, sales of Combizym covered around 1,600 hospitals
and medical institutions throughout China.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        18
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     The related information of the rest of the products sold and promoted by the Group is listed below:


                                                                                                                          Revenue
                                                                                            Revenue
                                                                                                          excl. the effect of “two-invoice system”
        Product          Chemical Name                 Main Indication               2018                  2018                        As a % of
                                                                                                  Y-o-Y                   Y-o-Y
                                                                                    (RMB                  (RMB                          Group’s
                                                                                                 Change                  Change
                                                                                    million)              million)                     Revenue


      DanShenTong                               Antisepsis and anti-inflammation     146.5        -3.5%    146.5          -3.5%           2.4%




                       Ambroxol hydrochloride   The expectorant product used
        YiNuoShu                                                                     218.8        37.5%     87.9          -12.7%          1.4%
                             Injection             for respiratory diseases


                                                Boosting vital energy, activating
       NuoDiKang                                blood circulation, freeing blood     29.0        -71.2%     77.2          -42.8%          1.3%
                                                  vessels and alleviating pain


                       Protein Hydrolysate Oral    Hypoproteinemia and
        XiDaKang        Solution/Oral Protein kakotrophy, systemic failure and       194.6        0.0%      49.5          -16.0%          0.8%
                             Hydrolysate            poor wound healing


                                                 Primary liver cancer, cirrhosis
        GanFuLe                                                                      43.3         6.8%      43.3           6.8%           0.7%
                                                       and liver fibrosis


                       Isosorbide Mononitrate Long-term treatment of coronary
          Imdur          Sustained Release     artery disease and prophylactic       41.8         4.4%      41.8           4.4%           0.7%
                               Tablets                  angina pectoris


                       Bromocriptine Mesilate     Indications of endocrine and
         Parlodel                                                                    29.1         6.9%      29.1           6.9%           0.5%
                             Tablets                    nervous system



                                                     Pain associated with
         Elcitonin       Elcatonin Injection                                          8.2             -      8.2             -            0.1%
                                                         osteoporosis



                             Terbinafine
         Lamisil                                        Onychomycosis                 8.2         -1.5%      8.2          -1.5%           0.1%
                        Hydrochloride Tablets



                                                 Acute hepatitis A and chronic
     YinLianQingGan                                                                   3.4        -47.2%      1.7          -44.9%          0.0%
                                                         hepatitis B




      Other Products                                                                 27.2        -25.5%     78.6          -21.0%          1.3%




19   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




III. Network Development
With the gradual implementation of various national medical reform policies, the Group accelerated the strategic
planning and upgrade of the academic network. During the Reporting Period, continually expanding the coverage
of the academic network, the Group further refined the covered regions, and enhanced the carrying capacity of the
network for the promotion of the existing products and the coming innovative products through resource restructuring
and optimization. The Group fully encouraged the use of digital marketing tools to accelerate the innovation and
upgrade of promotion mode, so as to improve the promotion efficiency of the team. At the same time, with the digital
management system providing the data support for internal management and external marketing, the Group created
more refined and traceable business data and more standardized employee behavior management. In terms of team
management, the Group trained the fresh recruits from the campus and social recruitment and the existing promotional
staff classified in various of batches and stages, strengthening all kinds of medical knowledge, drug academic
knowledge and compliance awareness of the promotional staff, in order to build up a more professional, compliant
and efficient promotional team. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group’s Direct Network had covered
over 53,000 hospitals and medical institutions in China with around 2,800 professional marketing and promotional
related staff; the Group had signed agreements with around 520 agencies or third-party sales representatives, and the
Agency Network had covered around 11,000 hospitals and medical institutions across the country.

At the same time, the Group proactively promoted the expansion, development and training of the retail team, to
steadily promote the arrangement and coverage of the retail business. Through the hierarchical management of
chain pharmacies while matching the corresponding resources according to product characteristics, differentiation
marketing strategies were adopted to promote the products by categories, in order to continuously dig in the potential
of the retail market. In the mean time, the Group constantly improved the analysis management system of retail data
and remuneration assessment system, in order to achieve the rapid arrangement and development of key products
with retail attributes in the retail network through the flexible internal management.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         20
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Subsequent Event
     Signing of a License, Collaboration and Distribution Agreement with Midatech Pharma and
     Making Equity Investment in It
     The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary has signed a License, Collaboration and Distribution Agreement
     (the “License Agreement”) with Midatech Pharma PLC (“Midatech Pharma”). According to the License Agreement,
     the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary has gained exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable rights
     to develop and commercialize Midatech Pharma’s current products mainly including MTD201, MTX110 (subject to
     receipt of consent from Novartis Pharma AG) and any new pharmaceutical products or line extension the intellectual
     property rights and other rights of which Midatech Pharma controls and which Midatech Pharma or its affiliates
     have given a codename within three years of the effective date of the License Agreement in China (including Hong
     Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan) and certain Southeast Asian countries selected by the Company (including
     Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia and other countries, subject to confirmation by the Company once a regulatory
     approval is granted by the U.S. FDA, EMA or by one of the regulatory authorities in one of the UK, France, Germany
     or Switzerland). At the same time, the Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary has made an equity investment in
     Midatech Pharma. For more information, please refer to the “Voluntary and Business Update Announcement Signing
     of a License, Collaboration and Distribution Agreement with Midatech Pharma and Making Equity Investment in It”
     published on 29 January 2019 and the “Voluntary and Business Update Announcement The License, Collaboration
     and Distribution Agreement signed with Midatech Pharma Takes Effect and the Equity Investment in It Completes”
     published on 26 February 2019 by the Company, respectively.




21   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Outlook and Future Development
The pharmaceutical industry in China has undergone years of reform and development, and its industrial structure has
been constantly upgraded, bringing numerous opportunities and challenges. With the increase of the aging tendency
of the society, the enhancement of people’s awareness of health care and the change of disease spectrum, the Group
believes that the demand of the pharmaceutical industry is still moving upward, maintaining a positive attitude towards
the future prospect of the pharmaceutical industry. With the rich innovative product pipeline, comprehensive academic
promotional network, proven Chinese market creativity and product commercialization capability, accumulated
resources and good reputation from both domestic and overseas markets, the Group is confident to maintain its
steady growth of the performance in the future.

In terms of product arrangement, the Group will mainly invest in equities of overseas R&D companies to constantly
arrange the innovative products in the mode of collaborative research, aiming to satisfy China’s unmet medical needs.
At the same time, actively grasping the dividend window of generic drugs, the Group will seize the market share by
means of making arrangement of the high-quality and affordable overseas generic drugs. Meanwhile, the Group will
continually solidify the academic advantages of the existing products through the resource integration of existing
product lines, aiming to establish a better brand image for the products.

When it comes to the development of marketing and promotional network, on the one hand, the Group will accelerate
the penetration of the lower-tier markets in multi-directions and multi-dimensions, aiming to increase the depth of the
existing network. At the same time, the Group will further expand the coverage of the Group’s network by accelerating
the expansion of the existing academic network and retail network. Meanwhile, the existing network will be constantly
upgraded and optimized to improve the carrying capacity for the promotion of the coming innovative products.

As a pharmaceutical company with more than two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, the Group
has foreseen and constantly witnessed the innovation process of the pharmaceutical industry in China. The Group will
continually explore the future driving forces in line with the market trend through the prospective perspective, boosting
the sustainable growth of the performance. The Group believes that “no future without endurance, no development
without accumulation”, with the continuous self-revolution, CMS is bound to blaze a strategic path with quality and
sustainability, to creat value for customers, shareholders, society and employees.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          22
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Financial Review
     In reading the following discussion and analysis, please also refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and
     notes to the financial statements in the Annual Report.

     The Group prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
     Standards. The Group’s financial performance is summarized as follows:


     Turnover
     Turnover increased by 1.6% from RMB5,348.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to RMB5,433.4 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2018. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, turnover increased by
     10.0% to RMB6,134.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from RMB5,578.6 million for the year ended 31
     December 2017, mainly due to an increase in sales volume.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit increased by 12.6% from RMB3,478.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to RMB3,916.9
     million for the year ended 31 December 2018; excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, gross profit increased
     by 10.5% to RMB3,616.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from RMB3,272.2 million for the year ended
     31 December 2017, primarily reflecting an increase in turnover. Gross profit margin increased by 7.1 percentage points
     to 72.1% for the year ended 31 December 2018 from 65.0% for the year ended 31 December 2017; excluding the
     effect of the “two-invoice system”, gross profit margin increased by 0.3 percentage point to 59.0% for the year ended
     31 December 2018 from 58.7% for the year ended 31 December 2017, mainly due to a change in sales weight of
     products.


     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses increased by 21.0% from RMB1,382.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to RMB1,672.6
     million for the year ended 31 December 2018; selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by 5.0
     percentage points to 30.8% for the year ended 31 December 2018 from 25.8% for the year ended 31 December
     2017. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, selling expenses as a percentage of turnover increased by
     1.3 percentage points to 22.4% for the year ended 31 December 2018 from 21.1% for the year ended 31 December
     2017, primarily reflecting an increase in human cost for providing a competitive salaries to the staff of the Group.


     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses increased by 9.6 % from RMB222.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to
     RMB243.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018; administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover
     increased by 0.4 percentage point to 4.5% for the year ended 31 December 2018 from 4.1% for the year ended
     31 December 2017. Excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”, administrative expenses as a percentage of
     turnover for the year ended 31 December 2018 maintained the same as 4.0% for the year ended 31 December 2017,
     primarily reflecting the Group’s effective expenses control.




23   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)




Other Gains and Losses
Other gains and losses decreased by 90.8% from a loss of RMB61.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to
a loss of RMB5.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly reflecting a difference in the exchange loss on
bank borrowings in foreign currencies.


Share of Result of Associates
Share of result of associates increased by 6.6% from RMB77.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to
RMB82.9 million for year ended 31 December 2018, mainly reflecting an increase in shareholding percentage of the
associate Tibet Pharmaceutical held by the Group.


Finance Costs
Finance costs decreased by 12.6% from RMB82.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to RMB71.9 million
for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly reflecting an decrease in the use of bank borrowings.


Profit for the Year
Profit for the year increased by 10.5% from RMB1,669.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to RMB1,844.6
million for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly due to the continuous growth in turnover.


Inventories
Inventories decreased by 5.6% from RMB460.4 million as at 31 December 2017 to RMB434.7 million as at 31
December 2018. Average inventory turnover days increased from 95 days for the year ended 31 December 2017 to
108 days for the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly due to the effect of the “two-invoice system”.


Trade Receivables
Trade receivables increased by 28.9% from RMB993.8 million as at 31 December 2017 to RMB1,280.7 million as at
31 December 2018, mainly due to an increase in sales and the impact of conversion of settlement on sales under the
“two-invoice system”. Average trade receivables turnover days increased to 77 days for the year ended 31 December
2018 from 71 days for the year ended 31 December 2017, mainly due to the effect of the “two-invoice system”.


Trade Payables
Trade payables decreased by 18.4% from RMB130.0 million as at 31 December 2017 to RMB106.1 million as at 31
December 2018. Average trade payables turnover days increased to 28 days for the year ended 31 December 2018
from 26 days for the year ended 31 December 2017, mainly due to the effect of the “two-invoice system”.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        24
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to RMB815.1 million while readily realizable
     bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB291.6 million. As at 31 December 2017, the bank balances and cash
     amounted to RMB855.6 million while readily realizable bank acceptance bills amounted to RMB349.6 million.

     As at 31 December 2018, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB, with small
     amount denominated in United States Dollar (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”), Great Britain Pound ("GBP"), Swiss Franc("CHF")
     and Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”).

     The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows:


                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
      Net cash from operating activities                                                  1,754,565         2,071,798
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                 (239,689)        (354,099)
      Net cash used in financing activities                                               (1,554,311)      (1,345,062)
      Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalent                                    (39,435)        372,637


      Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of the year                                     855,629          482,451
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 (1,113)            541
      Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year                                           815,081          855,629


     Net cash from operating activities
     The Group’s net cash generated from operating activities was RMB1,754.6 million for the year ended 31 December
     2018 compared with RMB2,071.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2017, a decrease of 15.3% mainly due to
     the effect of an extension in settlement term on sales under the “two-invoice system”.

     Net cash used in investing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group’s net cash used in investing activities was RMB239.7 million
     compared with RMB354.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2017, a decrease of 32.3% mainly due to a
     decrease in equity investments and fixed assets expenditures.

     Net cash used in financing activities
     For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group’s net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,554.3 million
     compared with RMB1,345.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2017, an increase of 15.6% mainly due to the
     repayment for part of bank borrowings and an increase in dividend payment during the current year.




25   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




Net Current Assets

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2018                 2017
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
 Current Assets
   Inventories                                                                         434,661              460,401
   Trade receivables                                                                 1,280,702              993,812
   Other receivables                                                                   438,052              493,580
   Tax recoverable                                                                        8,296                5,135
   Amount due from an associate                                                        169,565              151,023
   Bank balances and cash                                                              815,081              855,629
                                                                                     3,146,357            2,959,580
 Current Liabilities
   Trade payables                                                                      106,134              130,011
   Other payables                                                                      281,550              376,815
   Bank borrowings                                                                       25,000               65,000
   Deferred consideration payables                                                        8,847                8,802
   Tax payable                                                                         129,314                77,516
                                                                                       550,845              658,144


 Net current assets                                                                  2,595,512            2,301,436


The Group’s liquidity requirements will be satisfied by a combination of cash flow generated from operating activities,
long-term bank loans and other financing means which the Company may from time to time consider appropriate.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         26
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     (CONTINUED)




     Capital Expenditures
     The following table shows our capital expenditure:


                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2018                 2017
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
      Deposits for acquisition of intangile assets                                           23,120                     -
      Purchase of prepaid lease payment                                                       4,997                     -
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              33,855              76,624
      Capital injection to an associate                                                            -          1,000,000
      Purchase of equity instruments                                                       230,953               26,291
                                                                                           292,925            1,102,915


     Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
     The Company reviews the capital structure on a regular basis, and considers the cost of capital and the risks
     associated with each class of capital, for maximising the return to shareholders of the Company.

     The following table shows the Group’s debts:


                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2018                 2017
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
      Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                   1,465,195            2,105,048


     The Group had bank borrowings of RMB1,465.2 million as at 31 December 2018 (31 December 2017: RMB2,105.0
     million). During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group repaid part of bank borrowings. The details of bank
     borrowings are set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

     As said above, along with the decrease in the Group’s bank borrowings, the Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as bank
     borrowings divided by total assets, decreased by 6.8 percentage points to 13.9% as at 31 December 2018 from
     20.7% as at 31 December 2017.


     Market Risks
     We are exposed to various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risks, policy risks
     and inflation risks in the normal course of business. These risks are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




27   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the US$, EUR, GBP, CHF and HK$. The conversion of RMB into
foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC
government. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of foreign currencies against RMB may have a financial
impact on the Group. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of exchange rates and reviews the foreign currency
risk management strategy from time to time, the management will consider hedging foreign currency exposure as
appropriate. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had entered into certain foreign currency forward contracts to hedge
foreign currency risk, for details please refer to note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group will closely monitor the interest rate movements so as to mitigate the expected interest rate risk.


Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2018, the Group has pledged property, plant and equipment and leasehold land with net book
values of approximately RMB77,548,000 and RMB27,151,000, respectively to secure certain bank borrowings and
general banking facilities granted to the Group.


Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2018, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


Loan Agreements with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance of the Controlling
Shareholder
On 20 June 2017, Sky United Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as borrower) (the “Borrower”)
and the Company (as guarantor) entered into a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with Standard Chartered
Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (as original lender, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner and agent) in respect of a
US$300,000,000 term loan facility (the “Facility”) as been made available to the Borrower for a term of 36 months from
the first utilisation date under the Facility Agreement.

Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, if, among other things, Mr. Lam Kong, the chairman of the Board, an executive
director and a controlling shareholder of the Company (i) ceases to directly or indirectly own more than 30% of
the total issued shares (of each class) in the Company; or (ii) ceases to directly or indirectly be the single largest
shareholder in the issued shares (of each class) in the Company, the agent (acting on the instructions of the majority
lenders under the Facility) may, by not less than 30 days’ notice in advance to the Borrower, cancel all commitments
under the Facility and declare that all outstanding loans together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued
under the Facility will become immediately due and payable. As at 31 December 2018, Mr. Lam Kong (directly and
indirectly) holds approximately 43.92% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company.


Dividend
For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group paid an interim dividend for 2018 and a final dividend for 2017 of
RMB382.0 million and RMB346.5 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group paid an
interim dividend for 2017 and a final dividend for 2016 of RMB321.6 million and RMB289.5 million, respectively.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       28
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTOR AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Executive Director
     Mr. Lam Kong, aged 54, is Chairman, Chief Executive and President of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. Mr. Lam is responsible for the creation, implementation and management
     of the Group’s development and growth strategy. Mr. Lam has possessed clinical experience and has had very rich
     experience in marketing, promotion, sales and other value-added services for pharmaceutical products in China.
     He received his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Zhanjiang Medical College in 1986, which was renamed to
     Guangdong Medical University. Mr. Lam is a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company and sole director
     of Treasure Sea Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company.

     Mr. Lam is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and
     underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), the
     details of which are set out on page 36 of this annual report.

     Mr. Chen Hongbing, aged 52, is Chief Operating Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed as an
     executive Director on 18 December 2006. He joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group since then.
     Mr. Chen is responsible for the operation of the Group’s marketing, promotion and sale business and management of
     product manufacturing. He had acquired about 4 years’ public hospital doctor experience as a resident doctor with
     Nanjing Gulou Hospital from 1990 to 1994 prior to joining the Group in 1995. He received his bachelor’s degree in
     clinical medicine from Nanjing Medical College in 1990, which was renamed to Nanjing Medical University.

     Mr. Chen is sole director of Viewell Limited (a shareholder of the Company) and is interested or deemed to be
     interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which
     are set out on page 36 of this annual report.

     Ms. Chen Yanling, aged 48, is Chief Financial Officer and Vice-president of the Group and was appointed as
     an executive Director on 18 December 2006. She joined the Group in 1995 and has remained with the Group
     since then. Ms. Chen is responsible for the Group’s financial management, investor relations, government affairs
     and administration. She holds an EMBA degree and is a senior accountant with extensive experience in financial
     management. Ms. Chen was awarded the Third Place of 2018 “All-Asia Best CFO (Overall) in Healthcare and
     Pharmaceutical Industry” by the Institutional Investor magazine in June 2018. From 2012 to 2017, Ms. Chen was
     awarded the First place of the prize for six consecutive times.

     Ms. Chen is interested or deemed to be interested in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company for the
     purpose of Part XV of SFO, the details of which are set out on page 36 of this annual report.




29   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                     DIRECTOR AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)




Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry, aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company
on 18 August 2010. Mr. Cheung has more than 30 years’ experience in securities broking, investment banking,
fund management, private equity and other financial areas. The companies he worked for after graduating from
the University of Hong Kong in 1984 included Sanyo Securities (Asia) Limited, Fidelity International Investment
Management Limited, Kerry Securities Limited, Sassoon Securities Limited, and Core-Pacific Yamaichi International
(HK) Limited from 1984 to 2000. Mr. Cheung served as Managing Director at Culturecom Holdings Limited (a company
listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 0343) from 2000 to 2005. He later served as Managing Director of
Nouveau Investment Group Limited from 2005 to mid-2010. He served as Chief Operating Officer of GreaterChina
Professional Services Limited (now known as Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited, a company listed on
the Stock Exchange with stock code 8193) from July 2010 to March 2015. Mr. Cheung was an independent non-
executive director of Greens Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 1318) from
December 2014 and subsequently appointed as executive director until October 2015. Mr. Cheung has served as
executive director of Pearl Oriental Oil Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 632) since
October 2016 until now.

Mr. Cheung received his bachelor’s degree in social sciences from the University of Hong Kong in 1984 and his
master’s degree in science (financial economics) from the University of London in 1995. Mr. Cheung is the chairman of
the Nomination Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the
Company.

Mr. Wu Chi Keung, aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 25 June 2010. Mr. Wu
has more than 30 years of experience in financial audit and specializes in providing auditing and assurance services,
financial due diligence reviews, support services for merger and acquisitions, corporate restructuring and fund
raising engagements. Mr. Wu was a partner of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu until he retired in December 2008. Mr.
Wu is currently managing director of a family-owned private company engaging in property and other investment
activities. He is also an independent non-executive director of Jinchuan Group International Resources Co., Ltd (stock
code: 2362), Zhong Fa Zhan Holdings Limited (stock code: 475), Huabao International Holdings Ltd. (stock code:
336), Huajin International Holdings Limited (Stock code: 2738) and Zhou Hei Ya International Holdings Company
Limited (Stock code: 1458), all the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Wu was an independent
non-executive director of COFCO Meat Holdings Limited (Stock code: 1610) from 23 June 2016 to 12 December
2017 and also an independent non-executive director of YuanShengTai Dairy Farm Ltd. (stock code: 1431) from 7
November 2013 to 28 September 2018.

Mr. Wu is an associate of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow of Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom. Mr. Wu graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic (now known as the
Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in 1980 with a high diploma in accountancy. Mr. Wu is the chairman of the Audit
Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        30
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTOR AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (CONTINUED)




     Mr. Leung Chong Shun, aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 13
     December 2017. Mr. Leung became a practicing lawyer since 1991 and was the Chief Representative of Woo Kwan
     Lee & Lo Beijing Office. He is currently a Partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. Mr. Leung is familiar with corporate finance,
     M&A and IPO legal services and has been involved in various listing and acquisition transactions of Chinese H share
     companies and red chip companies. Mr. Leung is currently an Attesting Officer appointed by the PRC. Mr. Leung was
     an independent non-executive director of China Communications Construction Company Limited (a company listed
     on the Stock Exchange with stock code 01800) from January 2011 to November 2017 and China National Materials
     Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 01893) from July 2007 to April 2018.
     He is currently an independent non-executive director of SSY Group Limited (formerly known as Lijun International
     Pharmaceutical (Holding) Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 02005), China Coal
     Energy Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 01898) and Min Xin Holdings
     Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 00222).

     Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1988 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws with
     honours. He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong and England. Mr. Leung is the chairman of the Remuneration
     Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.


     Company Secretary
     Ms. Wu Sanyan, aged 37, joined the Group in 2009 and currently holds the position of Company Secretary and
     Director of the Legal Department. Ms. Wu is primarily responsible for overseeing the legal and regulatory compliance
     matters of the Group (including compliance with the Listing Rules). The responsibilities of Ms. Wu since her joining of
     the Group include advising on compliance of laws and regulations applicable to the Group (including the Listing Rules).
     Ms. Wu obtained a double bachelor’s degree in history and law in 2004, and a master’s degree in international law in
     2008, both from the Wuhan University. During the Reporting Period, Ms. Wu had received the professional training for
     no less than 15 hours to promote her skill and knowledge.




31   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board of the Company is pleased to present the “Directors’ Report” and audited consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018.


Principal Activities
The Company is a holding company, the subsidiaries’ principal activities are set out in note 42 to the consolidated
financial statements.


Results
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 94.


Business Review
Business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 can be found in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report, the discussion of which forms part of this “Directors’ Report”.


Reserves
Movements in reserves for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity on page 97 and note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.


Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2018, the Company had distributable reserves of RMB5,047.6 million available for distribution to
our shareholders.


Property, Plant and Equipment
Details of changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Share Capital
Movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        32
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Final Dividend
     The Board is pleased to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.1434 (equivalent to HK$0.168 ) per Share for the
     year ended 31 December 2018 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company
     on Thursday, 2 May 2019. The register of members of the Company will be closed on Thursday, 2 May 2019. The
     final dividend will be paid to shareholders about Thursday, 9 May 2019 after the shareholders’ approval at the AGM
     scheduled for Thursday, 25 April 2019.


     Pre-emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman
     Islands which oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company and its subsidiary have repurchased an aggregate
     of 6,839,000 ordinary shares of US$0.005 each on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of
     HK$59,783,960. All of the purchased shares were cancelled on 21 December 2018. The Board believes that given the
     current financial resources of the Company, the share repurchase will not affect the Company’s solid financial position,
     and it will lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per share and/or earnings per share, which is in the interest
     of the shareholders as a whole.

     Details of the repurchase are as follows:


                                                                                Price per Share (HK$)                Aggregate
            Month of                 Number of Shares
                                                                                                                    Consideration
           Repurchase                 Repurchased*                    Highest Price                  Lowest Price    Paid (HK$)
           October 2018                    4,422,000                         9.27                          8.75      39,774,530
         November 2018                     1,300,000                         9.20                          8.52      11,392,230
         December 2018                     1,117,000                         7.80                          7.64       8,617,200
                Total                      6,839,000                           -                              -      59,783,960

     * Note:

     1. Of which 1,272,000 ordinary shares were purchased by a subsidiary of the Company on the Stock Exchange.


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Company or its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
     securities of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2018.




33   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this Report were:

Executive Directors:
Mr. LAM Kong (Chairman and Chief Executive)
Mr. CHEN Hongbing (Chief Operating Officer)
Ms. CHEN Yanling (Chief Financial Officer)

Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Mr. CHEUNG Kam Shing, Terry
Mr. WU Chi Keung
Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun

Pursuant to Article 16.18 of the Articles of Association, at every AGM of the Company, one-third of the Directors for
the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-
third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall
be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed pursuant to Article 16.2 or
Article 16.3 shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors are to retire by rotation. A retiring Director
shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Ms. Chen Yanling, Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry and Mr. Leung Chong
Shun will retire from their offices at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

At the AGM, separate ordinary resolutions will be proposed for each of the re-elections of Ms. Chen Yanling, Mr.
Cheung Kam Shing, Terry and Mr. Leung Chong Shun. Details of these retiring Directors are set out in the circular
issued by the Company on 22 March 2019.


Annual Confirmation of Independence
The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his
independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and every
guideline set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


Biographical Details of the Directors and the Senior Management
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management are set out on pages 29 to 31 of this annual
report.


Directors’ Service Contracts
Each of the Directors of the Company has respectively entered into an appointment letter with the Company, and
all the executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors were appointed for a three-year and one-year
term, respectively. Their appointments are subject to retirement from office by rotation and re-election at the AGM
of the Company in accordance with the Articles of Association. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has
entered or intended to enter into any contract of service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which cannot be
determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (except for statutory compensation).


                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           34
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


     Employee Benefit Scheme
     During the Reporting Period, approved by Benefit Scheme Executive Committee of the Company, there were 8
     employees participating in the CMS Key Employee Benefit Scheme. Details of the Employee Benefit Scheme are set
     out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Directors’ interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
     Significance
     During the Reporting Period and as at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors or entities connected with the
     Directors had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of
     significance to the business of the Group to which the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries was
     a party.


     Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     As at 31 December 2018, the interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (with the meaning of Part XV of SFO)
     which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
     by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:




35   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                    Class of Shares
                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                       and Total
                                  Name of                                                                              Percentage of
     Name of Director                                           Nature of Interest                    Number of
                                 Corporation                                                                           Interest in the
                                                                                                     Shares Held
                                                                                                                         Company
                                                                                                        (Note 1)
                                                                                                   1,089,426,000 (L)
       Mr. Lam Kong              The Company              Interest in controlled corporation                              43.92%
                                                                                                       (Note 2)

                                                                  Beneficial owner                   20,038,225 (L)        0.81%
     Mr. Chen Hongbing           The Company
                                                                                                     45,000,000 (L)
                                                          Interest in controlled corporation                               1.81%
                                                                                                        (Note 3)

     Ms. Chen Yanling            The Company                      Beneficial owner                     7,246,250(L)        0.29%

Notes:
1.       The letter “L” denotes long positions in the Shares.

2.       These Shares are held by Mr. Lam Kong through Treasure Sea Limited, a company wholly owned by him.

3.       These Shares are held by Mr. Chen Hongbing through Viewell Limited, a company wholly owned by him.




Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures
At no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such
rights exercised by them; nor was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors, their respective spouses or minor children to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2018, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the Directors or the Chief
Executive of the Company) who held interest and short positions in the shares or underlying shares or debentures of
the Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336
of the SFO.


Connected Transactions
Details of connected transactions are set out in note 39 and note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED   36
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Employees
     As at 31 December 2018, the Group had about 3600 employees. The Group has initiated organizational reform and
     speeded up the cultivation and recruitment of talents through optimizing the current human resources and innovating
     the way of management to enhance the development of the Group. The Group has adopted a series of measures
     to facilitate employees’ work efficiency and regularly assesses their performance. The Group provides employees
     with competitive compensation package including salaries, bonuses, insurance and benefits. Salaries and bonuses
     are based on employees’ performance and are measured against specific objective criteria. Additionally, the Group
     is committed to providing equal opportunities to all employees in all respects and has made efforts in employees’
     continuing education and training programs to continuously enhance their knowledge, skills and team spirit.


     Directors and Senior Management’s Emoluments
     The remuneration committee determines and proposes to the Board (as the case may be) on the remuneration
     and other benefits payable to the Directors and Management. The committee, on a routine basis, supervises the
     remuneration of all Directors and Management to ensure that their remuneration and compensation are appropriate
     and reasonable. The Group adopts competitive remuneration packages with reference to the industry standard and in
     the light of the business advancement of the Group, and determines remuneration of the Directors and Management
     after taking into account their qualifications, experience and contributions, so as to attract and retain its Directors and
     Management.

     Particulars of directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 8 and note 9
     to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

     For the year ended 31 December 2018, emoluments of Company Secretary Ms. Wu Sanyan was between
     HK$300,000 and HK$800,000.


     Key Relationship with Employees, Customers and Suppliers
     The Company maintains good relationships with its employees by taking all practicable measures, including but not
     limited to improving, reviewing and updating its polices on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health and
     safety, to ensure that all the staff are reasonably remunerated.

     The Company has a good relationship with its customers and is always improving its communication mechanism with
     customers to ensure all the complaints or feedback from its customers can be informed by the Company in time and
     the customers can receive service of high quality.

     The Company maintains long-period good cooperation with domestic and overseas suppliers, which are of good
     reputation in the industry.




37   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Environmental Policies and Performance
The Group has strictly enforced the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環
境保護法》), Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華人民共和國
水污染防治法》), Law of the People ‘s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Noise Pollution
(《中華人民共和國環境噪音污染防治法》), and other laws and regulations. The Group has set up environmental
management organizations, equipped with full-time environmental management personnel, established and improved
the environmental management system, and developed the comprehensive risk-defensive measure and emergency
plan for accidents which guard against environmental risk accidents in business management and production
processes. We also require our suppliers to operate in strict compliance with the relevant environmental regulations
and rules and obtain all necessary permission and approval from the relevant government authorities.


Compliance with Laws and Regulations
During the Reporting Period, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have significant
impact on the operations of the Group.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties
There are a number of risks and uncertainties which may affect the performance and operation of the Company. The
following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties identified by the Company:


Compliance with GMP and GSP Standards
In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the Company is required to comply with Good Manufacturing
Practice (“GMP”) standards and Good Supplying Practice (“GSP”) standards by certain time limits. The Company
has been granted the relevant certificates by NMPA and other applicable governmental authorities. There can be no
assurance that the Company may be able to renew those certificates when they expire and in the event that those
certificates are not renewed upon their expiry, the Company’s business may still be largely and adversely affected after
taking related remedies.


Product Liability
As the insurance is not mandatorily required, the Group has not covered effective product liability insurance in respect
of the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. In the event of any product liability claim or
proceedings pertaining to the products of the Group which couldn’t be solved through negotiation or any other ways,
the Group may suffer major cost and damage to its relationship with customers.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          38
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Healthcare Reform in China
     The government regulation and governance over the healthcare system in the PRC is undergoing a crucial reform
     period, where (i) the applicable laws, regulations and policies pertaining to the healthcare, medical and pharmaceutical
     industry are constantly evolving, and (ii) governmental authorities in the PRC may regularly or unexpectedly amend
     their implementation practices. Enforcement action taken by the government against the Group may affect us
     materially and adversely and significant adverse consequences may be therefore incurred if our Group didn’t optimize
     company strategy to adapt to the variation of Chinese medical system in time. Moreover, continual changes in the
     scope and the extent of application of the government regulation and governance lead to more risks and uncertainties
     in respect of the performance and operation of the Group.


     Tender and Price Control
     The Company and its subsidiaries have to participate in a government-led tender process every year or every few
     years. Any failure of the tender in a provincial tender process will affect the Group to sell products in such province.
     Moreover, the product price, our market share, revenue and profitability may be affected due to certain new methods
     recently adopted in the provincial tender process.


     R&D, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Innovative Patented Products
     Whether innovative patented products can be developed successfully, obtain regulatory approval and realize
     commercialization are affected by a number of factors, including but not limited to whether having sufficient resources
     to acquire or discover more drug candidates, pre-clinical studies and clinical trial delays or failures, the uncertainties
     of the time that the approval process takes and the regulatory approval process, whether the products can be
     promoted successfully and their acceptance by the market if they obtain the regulatory approval, etc. If the R&D of
     innovative patented products fails, no regulatory approval is obtained or market acceptance is poor, the Group’s future
     development may be affected adversely.

     There may be other principal risks and uncertainties in addition to those shown above which are not known to the
     Company or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.


     Major Customers and Suppliers
     For the year ended 31 December 2018, the percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers was
     approximately 26.3% of the Group’s total sales, and sales to the top customer accounted for approximately 9.0% of
     the total sales.

     For the year ended 31 December 2018, the percentage of purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers was
     approximately 84.3% of the Group’s total purchases, and purchase from the top supplier accounted for approximately
     35.4% of the total purchases.

     Except as disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statement, none of the Group’s directors, their close
     associates or shareholders had an interest in supplier or customer.




39   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Corporate Governance
A report for the corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 42 to 51
of this annual report.


Sufficiency of Public Float
According to the publicly available information and as far as the Directors were aware of, as at the date of this annual
report, there was a sufficient public float of the Company’s issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.


Non-competition and Indemnity Agreements
The Company entered into a deed of non-competition with Mr. Lam Kong and his wholly owned company registered
in the British Virgin Islands - Treasure Sea Limited (“Treasure Sea”) on 14 September 2010 (the “Non-competition
Deed”). Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea jointly undertook not to carry on businesses that are in competition with the
Company’s businesses.

Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea stated that they complied with the relevant clauses of the Non-competition Deed,
and did not engage in businesses that are in competition or may compete with the businesses of the Company and
any of its subsidiaries, and also did not directly or indirectly hold any business interest that is in competition with the
businesses of the Company and any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Non-competition Deed by Mr. Lam
Kong and Treasure Sea during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the relevant business information provided by
the Company. The independent non-executive Directors were of the opinion that Mr. Lam Kong and Treasure Sea
complied with the relevant terms of the Non-competition Deed during the Reporting Period and did not cause
any competition with the Company. The Board of Directors operated and managed the Company’s businesses
independently in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Donation
During the Reporting Period, the Group had made donations of RMB0.2 million for charitable and other purposes,
please refer to Community Dedication on page 80 for details.


Permitted Indemnity Provision
According to the Articles of Association of the Company, among others, every Director, auditor or other officer of the
Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred
or sustained by him as a Director, auditor or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, whether civil
or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is acquitted.




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          40
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal actions against
     the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group has been
     arranged by the Company.


     Equity-Linked Agreements
     The Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2018.


     Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
     The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the applicable Corporate
     Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2018 to 31
     December 2018, except for a deviation from the Code Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief
     Executive which shall not be performed by the same individual. The details of the Company’s compliance with the CG
     Code are set out on pages 42 to 51 of this annual report.


     Competing Interests
     None of the Directors or management and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) has an interest
     in a business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has
     any other conflict of interest with the Company during the Reporting Period.


     Audit Committee
     The details of the Audit Committee are set out on page 46 of the Corporate Governance Report of this annual report.


     Auditors
     The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors since the listing of the Company on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2010. The financial statements in the Annual Report for the year have
     been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted at the AGM of the Company to re-appoint
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.



                                                                                             By order of the Board
                                                                                     China Medical System Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Lam Kong
                                                                                                   Chairman



     Hong Kong, 18 March 2019




41   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                               Corporate Governance Report


Corporate Governance Report
The Company is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance and has adopted sound
governance and disclosure practices. The Company believes that continuously improving the corporate governance
can increase the Group’s accountability and transparency so as to maximize the long-term level shareholder value.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the revised CG Code as set out in
Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018, except for a deviation from the Code
Provision A.2.1 in respect of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive which shall not be performed by the same
individual.

Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly set
out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the Board considers that
vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution of the Group’s business
strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure from time
to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new circumstances arise.


Directors’ Securities Transactions
The Company adopted the Model Code (amended from time to time) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules
as the code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific inquiries of all Directors in relation
to the compliance with the Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, the Company confirmed that all the
Directors have complied with the relevant standards for securities transactions by directors set out in the Model Code
for the year ended 31 December 2018. The Model Code also applies to other specified senior management of the
Company.

Employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company are also
subject to compliance with guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance
of the guidelines by such employees was noted by the Company in the Reporting Period.


Operation of the Board
In accordance with good corporate governance principles, the Board convened regular meetings in accordance with
statutory procedures, and complied strictly with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association in the
exercise of its authority, with an emphasis on protecting the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

The role and responsibilities of the Board broadly cover reviewing and approving corporate mission and broad
strategies; overseeing and evaluating the conduct of the Group’s businesses; identifying principal risks and ensuring
the implementation of appropriate measures and control systems to manage these risks; and reviewing and approving
important matters such as financial results, investments and divestments and other material transactions. All Directors
and Board Committees have access to external legal counsel and other professionals for independent advice to better
perform their duties at the Group’s expense if necessary.


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          42
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The Board has performed the strategic decision-making function in accordance with the long-term interest of the
     Group as well as the interest of shareholders and relevant party, and been subject to effective supervision and
     assessment in maintaining corporate resources and conducting operation management. The Board is responsible
     to make effective incentives and constraints for the management when duly delegating powers to them. Meanwhile,
     as the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, the Board has clearly separated its functions and
     duties from that of the management. Differentiating itself from the functions and duties of the Board, the specific
     responsibilities and duties of the management of the Company are inclusive of running the Company’s day-to-
     day business; drafting and proposing the Company’s annual business plan and investment plan; working out the
     human resource policy and arranging an appropriate organizational structure of the Company; drafting plans for the
     establishment of the Company’s branch offices; creating and upgrading the Company’s basic internal management
     system and mandates for Company management; within the authority delegated by the Board, appointing, changing
     or recommending shareholder representatives, directors and supervisors in its holding subsidiary or joint stock
     subsidiary; and other powers delegated by the Board.

     The Company has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and
     Remuneration Committee, which mainly comprise independent non-executive Directors and are responsible
     for overseeing particular aspects of the Group’s business, and to provide the Group with recommendations
     for improvements. Please see below for the work scope of these committees. The Board has delegated the
     responsibilities of the day-to-day management and operation of the Group’s businesses to the management of the
     Company and its subsidiaries.


     Composition of the Board
     As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of six Directors, including three executive Directors, namely Mr.
     Lam Kong, Mr. Chen Hongbing and Ms. Chen Yanling; three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheung
     Kam Shing, Terry, Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Mr. Leung Chong Shun. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on
     pages 29 to 31 of this annual report. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
     this annual report, none of the Directors has any financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships
     among members of the Board.

     Appropriate insurance cover for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities in respect of legal actions against
     the Directors and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities of the Group has been
     arranged by the Company.




43   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Board Attendances and Time Commitment
During the Reporting Period, the Company held seven Board meetings and one AGM. The following is the attendance
record of the Directors at such meetings held during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                           Attendance Rate
 Name                                 Title
                                                                                  Board Meeting             AGM

 Mr. Lam Kong                         Chairman and Chief Executive                       6/7                 1/1

 Mr. Chen Hongbing                    Chief Operating Officer                            7/7                 1/1

 Ms. Chen Yanling                     Chief Finance Officer                              7/7                 1/1

 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry          Independent Non- Executive Director                7/7                 1/1

 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                     Independent Non- Executive Director                7/7                 1/1

 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                 Independent Non- Executive Director                7/7                 1/1


Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships
and major commitments of each Director; and (iii) the attendance rate of each Director for the Board meetings and
AGM, the Board is satisfied that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the
Reporting Period.


Chairman and Chief Executive
Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and Chief
Executive should be clearly established and set out in writing.

Mr. Lam Kong has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company and his responsibilities are clearly set
out in writing and approved by the Board. Given the Group’s current stage of development, the Board considers that
vesting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive in the same person facilitates the execution of the Group’s business
strategies and maximizes effectiveness of its operations. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure from time
to time and shall consider any appropriate adjustments should new circumstances arise.


Independent Non-executive Directors
For the year ended 31 December 2018, three independent non-executive Directors were appointed, at least one of
whom has appropriate professional accounting qualifications. The Company has received from each independent
non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be
independent in accordance with each and every guideline set out under the Listing Rules.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          44
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a period of one year. All of them are subject to retirement
     by rotation and re-election by shareholders at the AGM in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company.
     The responsibilities of the independent non-executive Directors include, without limitation: regular attendance at
     meetings of the Board and of Board Committees of which they are members; provision of independent opinion at
     meetings of the Board and other Board Committees; service on the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and
     Nomination Committee; and scrutinizing and monitoring the performance of the Company as a whole.


     Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
     On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director has received professional lawyer’s training covering the
     general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director of a listed company to ensure that he/she is sufficiently
     aware of his /her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant legal requirements.

     From time to time, the Directors are provided with written materials to develop and refresh their professional skills. The
     Company Secretary also organizes and arranges seminars on the latest development of the applicable laws, rules and
     regulations for the Directors to assist them in discharging their duties.

     According to the records maintained by the Company, the following Directors received the following training with an
     emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the revised CG Code
     on the continuous professional development during the Reporting Period.


                                                                       Corporate Governance/ Updates on Laws, rules
                                                                        and Regulations/Updates on Industry Specific

                                                                          Written Materials           Briefings/Seminars

      Executive Directors

      Mr. Lam Kong                                                                  √                            √

      Mr. Chen Hongbing                                                             √                            √

      Ms. Chen Yanling                                                              √                            √



      Independent Non-executive Directors

      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry                                                   √                            √

      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                              √                            √

      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                          √                            √




45   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




Committees
The Company has established Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. The
function of each of these committees is to study pertinent issues in its area of expertise and to provide opinion and
recommendations for consideration by the Board under its own defined terms of reference.


Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee in 2007. The Audit Committee currently comprises three independent
non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Wu Chi Keung, with Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry and Mr. Leung
Chong Shun as the committee members.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to provide the Directors with an independent review of the effectiveness
of the financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system of the Company, to oversee the
audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Directors. The Audit Committee
also oversees the company’s appointment of external auditors. The annual results announcement and annual
report for the year ended 31 December 2018 of the Company have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, and
with recommendation to the Board for approval. The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the external
auditors in absence of the executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the Stock
Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Audit Committee has held four meetings. At the meetings, the Audit
Committee reviewed the annual results for 2017 with the external auditors, the interim results for 2018, the activities of
the Group’s internal control functions and also reviewed and approved the arrangement of the annual audit work and
then proposed the recommendations to the Board. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


 Committee Members                     Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2018

 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                            4/4

 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry                                                 4/4

 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                        4/4



Remuneration Committee
The Company established a Remuneration Committee in 2007. The Remuneration Committee comprises three
independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun, with Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry
and Mr. Wu Chi Keung as the committee members.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          46
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the
     Board on the policy and structure for remunerations of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment
     of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on such remuneration; (ii) determining the terms of the
     specific remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) approving the terms of Directors’ service
     contracts, and (iv) reviewing and approving performance based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and
     objectives resolved by the Directors from time to time. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are
     posted on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.
     cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Remuneration Committee has held one meeting. At the meeting,
     the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended adjusting remuneration of the Directors and senior
     management with reference to the industry standard, in the light of the business advancement of the Group and
     according to their qualifications, experience and contributions, and considered that the proposed remunerations of
     whom were reasonable and appropriate. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:


      Committee Members                   Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2018

      Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                      1/1

      Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry                                               1/1

      Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                          1/1



     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee in 2007. The Nomination Committee comprises one executive
     Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and is chaired by Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry, with Mr. Lam
     Kong, Mr. Wu Chi Keung and Mr. Leung Chong Shun as the committee members.

     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Directors on all new
     appointments of Directors and senior management, interviewing nominees, and to take up references and to consider
     related matters. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
     (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://www.cms.net.cn).

     For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Nomination Committee has held one meeting. At the meeting, the
     Nomination Committee reviewed the composition and structure of the Board in order to determine whether it is in
     compliance with requirements under the relevant laws, regulations and rules and whether the diversity on the Board
     has been achieved and maintained, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment
     of the retiring directors at the 2017 annual general meeting, and also assessed whether the non-executive Directors
     had spent enough time in fulfilling their duties and their independence. The committee is of the view that the current
     composition and structure of the Board comply with the applicable regulations and the Board is experienced and have
     diversified perspectives and views. Below is the attendance rate of the committee members:




47   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




 Committee Members                      Attendance Rate of the Meeting for the Year ended 31 December 2018

 Mr. Cheung Kam Shing, Terry                                                  1/1

 Mr. Lam Kong                                                                 1/1

 Mr. Wu Chi Keung                                                             1/1

 Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                         1/1


Board Diversity Policy
The Company views the increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment
of its strategic objectives, maintaining competitive advantages and keeping sustainable development. Therefore,
the Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy (the “Policy”) to set out the approach to achieve and maintain
diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Policy, the Company seeks
to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to professional
skills, experience, culture and education background, ethnicity, gender, age, etc. In introducing its perspective on
diversity, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from
time to time. Ultimately, all Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against
objective criteria, fully having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Nomination Committee will discuss
and agree measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption.
Additionally, Nomination Committee will review the Policy on a regular basis to ensure its continued effectiveness.


Corporate Governance Functions
No corporate governance committee has been established and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate
governance functions such as developing and reviewing the Company’s policies, practices on corporate governance,
training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and
practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.


Auditor’s Remuneration
For the year ended 31 December 2018, we have appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as our independent external
auditor to provide the annual performance auditing service, the remuneration for the service was HK$3.1 million.


Directors’ and Auditor’s Responsibilities for Accounts
The Board acknowledges their responsibility for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
annual and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the
Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors confirm that they are responsible for the preparation
of financial reports, and to give a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial status and operating
results for the year ended 31 December 2018. In preparing these financial statements, the Board has selected
suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and
reasonable; and have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

The responsibility of auditor is set out in the independent auditor’s report in page 91.


                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        48
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     Risk Management and Internal Controls
     The Group has established and designed appropriate policies and controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded
     against improper use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial
     and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting
     requirements, and main risks that may impact on the Group’s performance are appropriately identified and managed.
     The systems and internal controls can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to prevent material
     misstatement or losses, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives.

     The Board confirms its responsibility for supervising the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
     reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. The Group Internal Audit and the Audit
     Committee assist the Board in the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     systems on the basis of continuity. The directors through these committees are kept regularly appraised of significant
     risks that may impact on the Group’s performance.

     Regarding the procedure and internal control over handling and propagation of the inside information, the Group has
     adopted an inside information management policy which has been informed to all the staff. Based on the policy and
     in order to ensure that the inside information would be processed and propagated in compliance, the Group has
     established monitoring measures to ensure that the potential inside information could be recognised, assessed and
     then provided to the Board for their decision that whether a disclosure is required.

     The Audit Committee assists the Board in performing its supervision and corporate governance roles in the Group’s
     financial, operational, compliance, risk management , internal controls, the resourcing of the finance and internal audit
     functions by reviewing the working report from internal audit and external audit. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group Internal Audit conducted selective reviews of the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal
     controls of the Group in respect of financial, operational and compliance controls with emphasis on information
     technology and security, information privacy and protection, business continuity management and procurement.
     Such results were assessed by the Group Internal Audit and reported to the Audit Committee, which then reviewed
     and reported the same to the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern
     that would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or results of operations and considered the risk
     management and internal control systems to be generally effective and sufficient including the adequacy of resources,
     staff qualifications and experience, sufficient training programs for the staff and budget of the accounting, internal audit
     and financial reporting functions.

     In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls executed within the Group, the external auditor
     appointed by the Group also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain main risk management and internal
     controls as part of their regulatory audits. The external auditor’s related recommendation will be adopted under
     appropriate circumstances to strengthen the risk management and internal controls.




49   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




Shareholders’ Rights
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
Pursuant to article 12.3 of Articles of Association of the Company, any one or more shareholders holding at the date
of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company shall at all times has the right, by written requisition specifying the objects of the
meeting and signed by the requisitionists to the Company’s headquarters and principal place of business in Hong
Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong to require an extraordinary
general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The same
requirement and procedure also applies to any proposal to be tabled at shareholders’ meetings for adoption.


Shareholders’ Enquiries
Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong). Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for
the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publically available. Shareholders may also make
enquiries to the Board by writing to the Company Secretary at the Company’s headquarters and principal place of
business in Hong Kong at Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.


Articles of Association
During the Reporting Period, there were no changes made in the Company’s Articles of Association.


Communications with Shareholders and Investors
The Company attaches great importance to the communications with shareholders and investors as always, and is
committed to timely and objective disclosure of important information for shareholders and investors, to actively and
effectively deliver the latest development of the company to the capital market. The Company has been dedicated
to establishing a comprehensive, scientific and systematic management system for investor relations, achieving
multi-channel communications. The Company communicates with its shareholders and investors mainly through
the following approaches: (i) the Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings, providing a platform
for shareholders and investors to communicate with the Board of Directors of the Company; (ii) the timely release of
the latest news and updates of the Company on the official website and WeChat public page of Investor Relations,
providing different ways for the investors to follow the information of the Company; (iii) replying of various questions
related to the Company’s business raised by shareholders and investors of the Company via various ways such as
telephone and email; (iv) the Interim and Annual Results Announcement Events, provides analysts, shareholders
and investors a face-to-face communication opportunity with executives; (v) the participation of various conferences
and road shows organized by sell-side institutions; (vi) organizing and hosting of investors visit and conference
call requests. During the Reporting Period, the management of the Company has received more than a thousand
domestic and overseas representatives of institutions and individual investors.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          50
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     The active and persistent communications with shareholders and investors have been recognized by third parties.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company once again won Golden HK Listed Companies Award of “The Most
     Valuable Pharmaceutical Listing Company”, making the second consecutive year that the Company has won the
     honor. In addition, the Company was successfully selected as one of “The Most Attractive Hong Kong Stock-Connect
     Companies for Institutional Investors”, and won the Golden Wing Award of “Hong Kong Stock-Connect Company with
     the Most Substantial Growth Potential” held by the Securities Times . In addition, the Company was also recognized
     as the “Honored Company” in the Health Care and Pharmaceuticals Industry by the Institutional Investor Magazine
     (“II Magazine”). Ms. Yanling Chen, the Executive Director, Vice President and CFO of CMS, won the Third Place of
     “All-Asia Best CFO (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Industry”, which was the seventh consecutive time for
     Ms. Yanling Chen being awarded. In 2017, CMS won Golden HK Listed Companies Awards of “The Best Investor
     Relations Management”. During the same year, the Company was honored to be recognized as the “All-Asia Most
     Honored Company” by the II Magazine. Mr. Lam Kong, Executive Director, Chairman and Executive Officer of CMS,
     was awarded the Second Place of “All-Asia Best CEO (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Industry” for the
     second time. In addition, CMS’s Investor Relations team won the Second Place of “All-Asia Best Investor Relations
     (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Industry”, which was the third time for CMS Investor Relations team being
     awarded. In December 2017, the Company was once again awarded BIVA “The Listed Company with the Best
     Investment Value” for the second consecutive year. In 2016, CMS Investor Relations team won the Second Place of
     “All-Asia Best Analyst Days (Overall) in Healthcare and Pharmaceutical Industry” in an event organized by II Magazine .
     In 2015, the Company was awarded “The Best Listed Company” at “The 5th Chinese Securities Golden Bauhinia”
     Award Ceremony held by Ta Kung Pao in Hong Kong; the Company was awarded the “Best Investor Relations”
     - Healthcare Industry by IR Magazine Awards - Greater China. In 2014, the Company was awarded “The Listed
     Company with the Best Information Disclosure” at “The 4th Chinese Securities Golden Bauhinia” Award Ceremony held
     by Ta Kung Pao in Hong Kong.

     Since listed in the Stock Exchange, the Company has strictly abided by the listing rules, and actively promoted
     investor relations related works and reinforced the connection with investors, to improve corporate transparency. In the
     future, we will continually maintain close, sincere and effective communications and interactions with investors, listen
     attentively to the feedbacks and voices from capital markets, and further optimize investor relations.




51   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT

1.    About the Report
The Report is the third environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) report of CMS, dating from 1 January 2018 to
31 December 2018. The Report is disclosed annually.


1.1 Basis of Preparation
The Report is prepared as per Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Main Board
Listing Rules issued by the Stock Exchange.

The content of the Report was formulated through systematic procedures, including: project kickoff, review and
summary of the 2017 ESG Report working paper, on-site investigations and interviews, stakeholders identification,
stakeholder surveys, identification and ranking of the ESG material issues, determining the disclosure scope of the
Report, collecting relevant information and data, reviewing relevant information and data, preparing the Reports based
on collected information and data, Board of Directors’ review and final approval.


1.2 Scope of the Report
The Report discloses the ESG risks and performances of the Group conforming to the principle of “Materiality”
mentioned in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide . Unless otherwise indicated, the Report’s
scope includes the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and majority owned subsidiaries (including pharmaceutical
promotion and network management business, pharmaceutical production business, and agriculture and livestock
business. During the Reporting Period, the products from agriculture and livestock business were only for internal
consumption and did not contribute to the Group’s revenue).


1.3 Data Sources and Reliability Statement
The materials and cases disclosed in the Report were extracted from the Group’s relevant reports and archives. The
Group undertakes that the Report does not contain any material false information or misleading statements, and
responsible for the content of the Report as to its authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


1.4 Confirmation and Approval
The Board of Directors and senior management team of the Group have approved the Report to ensure that there is
no material false information, misleading statements or major omissions in its content.


1.5 Obtaining the Report
The Report, as a part of the Group’s 2018 Annual Report, can be accessed and downloaded from the Stock
Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Group’s website (www.cms.net.cn). For further consultation, any
opinion or suggestion of the Report, please contact the Group via ir@cms.net.cn.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        52
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.    Responsibility Management
     2.1 Company Responsibilities
     As a well-established, innovation-driven specialty pharma with a focus on sales and marketing in China, CMS is
     committed to “offering competitive products and services to meet China’s unmet medical needs”, adhering to its core
     value of “value creation for customers, global reach for innovation, dedication and perseverance, ethics and integrity,
     professionalism and entrepreneurship”. The Group will take “carrying out the concept of environmental protection
     and achieving the value of social responsibility, being committed to becoming a leading sustainable pharmaceutical
     enterprise in China” as its goal of sustainable development. During the Reporting Period, CMS has established a
     dedicated ESG management team based on the goal, to push forward the sustainability work comprehensively, and
     has made a solid step towards the Group’s sustainable development goal.


     2.2 ESG Management
     A complete and scientific management structure is the foundation for well-organized and efficient ESG governance
     and serves as the key for sustainable development. Based on the Stock Exchange guide and relevant ESG
     information, CMS has established a complete ESG governance structure with emphatically increasing the involvement
     of the Board of Directors to improve the overall ESG management.

     CMS has formulated a three-tier ESG governance structure to conduct the ESG management, which is shown in
     Figure 1:




                                          Figure 1 CMS’s ESG Governance Structure




53   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)




•     At the top level, Strategic Deployment, the Board of Directors leads ESG management by strategy formulation,
      administrative system approval, and the review and approval of the ESG Reports and other ESG work
      deliverables, etc.;
•     At the second level, Coordination and Management, the Investor Relations Department of the Group
      coordinates the implementation of ESG management by coordinating and arranging the annual ESG work for
      each relevant department and subsidiary, including report drafting and information disclosure, and reporting to
      the Strategic Deployment level bout the ESG work progress and deliverables periodically;
•     At the third level, Assistance and Practice, each department and subsidiary of the Group appoints its own
      ESG coordinator, whose job responsibilities include drafting and implementation of ESG related policies and
      provisions, collection and reporting of ESG information, and reporting of ESG work deliverables.

The rigorous and well-organized ESG management process provides the working basis and methods for ESG
management to improve its efficiency. CMS follows the ESG management process, which is shown in Figure 2:




                                 Figure 2 CMS’s ESG Management Flow Diagram




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        54
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     CMS has established a nested closed-loop ESG management process: first, setting the annual ESG management
     goals, and then making supporting ESG management measures and plans based on the ESG management goals,
     conducting daily management and annual ESG Report drafting based on the measures and plans; making and
     implementing supporting improvement plans for issues of the existing management practice based on the annual
     report preparation process in combination with on-site investigations, interviews and stakeholders’ concerns, checking
     work performance at the end of the year, and making adjustments and formulating new goals in time based on the
     latest progress.

     The management process provides a solid foundation for the ESG management work from annual management
     goals setting to the implementation of specific practices, and meets the implementation needs of ESG management,
     ensuring the implementation of CMS’s sustainable development plan, and continuous improvement of the
     environmental and social governance of the Group.

     See below for CMS’s 2018 ESG management condition and 2019 ESG management goal:

                     Table 1 CMS’s 2018 ESG Management Condition and 2019 ESG Management Goal

                2018 ESG Management Condition                                  2019 ESG Management Goal

      Well-organized ESG management team and clear working        Improve the recognition of sustainable development in the
      process                                                     Group

      Established a relatively enhanced ESG administrative
                                                                  Further improve the ESG administrative system and policies
      system and policies

      Comprehensive product quality control in production,        Conduct regular audit on quality management conditions
      procurement, storage and sales sections conforming to       and constantly improve and complete the internal operation
      GSP and GMP requirements                                    to guarantee the product quality

      Established good communication, cooperation and             Strengthen the restriction and control of the suppliers’
      supervision mechanisms with suppliers                       environmental and social risks

                                                                  Reinforce employee satisfaction survey mechanisms for
      Provided relatively comprehensive safety, health,
                                                                  better understanding of their demands, and constantly
      development, training and welfare systems for employees
                                                                  optimize the enterprise’s organizational atmosphere

      Implemented the concept of environmental protection, and    Enhance environmental awareness among employees and
      controlled the emissions and the utilization of resources   reinforce environmental related internal audits



     2.3 Stakeholder Engagement
     CMS has established a routine stakeholder communication system according to stakeholders’ demands, the Group is
     committed to fulfilling the positive interactions with stakeholders with targeted and diverse communication methods,
     and to making active response to their needs, pushing forward the implementation of sustainable development work.




55   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




During the Reporting Period, CMS has established stakeholder relations via the following communication method:

                               Table 2 CMS’s Stakeholder Communication Methods

      Stakeholder             Communication Requirement                       Communication Method

                          •   Compliance with laws and regulations,
 Governmental and
                              drug safety                              ✓   Government-company seminar
 regulatory authority
                          •   Compliant operation under                ✓   Supervision and inspection
                              supervision                              ✓   Work report and research
                          •   Taxation, employment creation

                                                                       ✓   General meeting
                                                                       ✓   Operation information, announcement
                          •   Standardized governance, rigorous            and periodic report
                              risk control                             ✓   Telephone, fax, email, internet-voting for
 Investor/Shareholder     •   Stable operation, value creation             general meeting
                          •   Information disclosure, openness and     ✓   Company official website and WeChat
                              transparency                                 public page
                                                                       ✓   Investor visit, meeting and presentation
                                                                       ✓   External road show


                                                                       ✓   Face-to-face meeting and mutual visit
                          •   Open and fair procurement                ✓   Work meeting and communication via
                                                                           telephone, letter and email
 Supplier                 •   Timely communication, win-win
                              developments                             ✓   Company official website
                                                                       ✓   Industrial seminar
                                                                       ✓   Public bidding


                          •   Operation with integrity, compliant      ✓   Work meeting and communication via
                                                                           telephone, letters and email
                              products
 Distributor
                          •   Timely communication, win-win            ✓   Company’s official website
                              developments                             ✓   Customer service hotline
                                                                       ✓   Face-to-face meeting and mutual visit

                          •   Protection of rights and interests       ✓   Occupational health and safety training
                          •   Caring for employees, responding to      ✓   Feedback platform
 Employee                     employee appeals                         ✓   Daily communication and meeting
                          •   Remuneration packages, training and      ✓   Performance assessment
                              development                              ✓   Questionnaire

                                                                       ✓   Disclosure of product label and other
 External practitioner    •   Product safety, protection of rights         information
 in the pharmaceutical        and interests                            ✓   Academic conference
 industry                 •   Protection of privacy, business ethics   ✓   Processing customer complaint and
                                                                           feedback


                          •   Good interaction, information            ✓   Disclosure of product label and other
                                                                           information
                              disclosure
                          •   Product safety, protection of rights     ✓   Periodic visit
                              and interests                            ✓   Handling of consumer complaint and
 The public                                                                opinion
                          •   Protection of privacy, business ethics
                          •   Public well-being and charity            ✓   Volunteering activity
                          •   Community development                    ✓   Donation of money and drugs
                          •   Social value                             ✓   Spreading knowledge on medicine and
                                                                           health




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        56
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     2.4 Materiality Analysis
     During the preparation of this ESG Report, CMS invited professional consultants to review and assess issues on
     the sustainable development of the Group for the year. Via the comprehensive communication with stakeholders
     multi-dimensionally through questionnaire, face-to-face communication, on-site visits and etc., the Group finally
     summarized and delivered the material issues for the year concerning its sustainable development, which constitutes
     the documentation basis of the Report.


     2.4.1 Materiality Assessment Procedure
     •     Build a list of material issues: build CMS 2018 ESG material issue list based on the Environmental, Social and
           Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange, previous ESG related issues reviews, the Group’s existing
           conditions of the year, the development of the pharmaceutical industry and the stakeholders’ concerns;
     •     Stakeholder engagement: make and implement the annual stakeholder engagement plan, gain the
           stakeholders’ original assessment of the issues through communication and questionnaires;
     •     Materiality assessment: assess issues by two dimensions of “importance to the company” and “importance to
           the stakeholders”, obtain the Materiality Analysis Matrix and the Materiality Analysis List;
     •     Review and approval: submit the stakeholder engagement implementation plan and the materiality assessment
           report to the management for review and approval.

     2.4.2 Matrix and List of Material Issues
     Based on the questionnaire results, the stakeholders materiality ranking listed as following:




                                         Figure 3 CMS’s ESG Materiality Analysis Matrix



57   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




The materiality assessment of 2018 ESG issues for CMS found 12 highly important issues, 10 medium important
issues and 3 ordinary important issues, the details of which are listed below:

                                       Table 3 CMS’s Materiality Analysis List

 Importance                                  Issue
                      Issue scope                                                      Issue
   of issue                                   no.
               Company governance              20      Ensuring product and service quality
               Company governance              13      Caring about employee safety and health
               Company governance              10      Compliant operation
               Company governance              21      Improving the pharmacovigilance and drug recall mechanism
               Company governance              12      Providing competitive salary
     Highly
   important   Company governance              22      Protection of intellectual properties
     issue     Company governance              14      Providing training and skills enhancement courses for employees
               Company governance              9       Constructing a good company governance system
               Company governance              15      Providing a fair and transparent promotion path
               Company governance              16      Compliant employment
               Company governance              19      Protecting customer rights, interests and privacy
               Company governance              11      Improving the anti-corruption and anti-bribery system
               Company governance              17      Strict execution of supplier admittance and inspection criteria
                                                       Promoting supply chain sustainable development (environmental
               Company governance              18
                                                       protection, anti-corruption, employment, etc.)
                                                       Investment activities to promote the advancement of the medical
               Social responsibility           25
                                                       progress
               Environmental protection        4       Proper treatment of solid waste
    Medium
   important                                           Making guidelines and setting goals for environmental protection
               Environmental protection        8
     issue                                             work
               Environmental protection        1       Compliance with emission standards
               Environmental protection        6       Energy conservation
               Environmental protection        5       Water conservation
                                                       Participation of public welfare charity, disaster relief activities and
               Social responsibility           24
                                                       others
               Environmental protection        2       Resource investment to reduce emissions
               Environmental protection        7       Conservation of packaging materials
    Ordinary                                           More resource investment to support the development of
   important   Social responsibility           23
                                                       surrounding communities
     issue
               Environmental protection        3       Reducing greenhouse gas emissions


We have acknowledged the stakeholders’ major concerns in the Group’s ESG report and documented the Report as
per the assessment results to respond to stakeholders’ concerns in an orderly manner.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              58
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     3.     Compliance Operation
     The Group utilizes its well-established organizational structure and clear division of duties in combination with
     information technologies for continuous optimization of internal management methods and management standards to
     reinforce the compliance operation. In addition, the employees must obey the laws, regulations, provisions and other
     regulated document and legal procedures applicable to the operation locations of the companies. The Group strictly
     abides by the market rules, ethics, integrity, professionalism and entrepreneurship to continually overcome challenges.


     3.1 Anti-corruption
     The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Anti-money Laundering, Law of the
     People’s Republic of China against Unfair Competition, Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China, Interim
     Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery, Interim Provisions and Amendment on Banning Commercial Bribery by the
     State Administration for Industry and Commerce, Prevention of Bribery Ordinance of Hong Kong, and other laws and
     regulations. The Group operates business under strict ethics standards and professionalism.

     For anti-corruption, the Group specifies strict ethical bottom lines and quality standards to guide the employees’
     conduct professionally through setting CMS Employee Code of Professional Ethics , which forbids employees
     from engaging in bribery while interacting with internal or external stakeholders or seeking private benefits through
     misconduct. The guidance also requires employees to maximize their efforts in preventing activities that could or are
     likely to lead to bribery and corruption. The Group has also formulated the Code of Promotional Conduct and Speaker
     Regulations to provide behavior requirements and guidance on drug promotion content, promotional behavior
     professionalism, supplier selection of promotional activities, speaker qualification identification and etc. to ensure the
     compliance of the Company’s promotional activities.

     The Group has established a multi-dimensional behavior regulation and supervision system to prevent internal and
     external corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud, money laundering and etc. The Group’s management team guides the
     direction of employee conduct regulation. And the internal Compliance Department promotes compliance culture,
     training and employee conduct inspection, and monitors, identifies and reports risk of code violation. The Direct
     Sales Department and Marketing Department guide and monitor regional promotional activities; meanwhile, the
     Finance & Audit Department enhances expenditure transparency and compliance of promotional conducts through
     financial management measures under the compliance framework, and utilizes the intelligent cloud system for process
     management enhancement, fully controlling and reviewing expenditure acts. In addition, as an important strategic
     supporting department for the company’s business operation, the Legal Department controls and prevents legal risks
     for the Group.




59   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




The Group also encourages employees to report and complain suspicious acts, misconduct and code violations
through the Anti-Fraud Management Policy . Employees can contact the Compliance Department or report to
company superiors when detecting or suspecting any conducts violating the employee code of professional ethics
via telephone, email, fax, letter, the internal ERP platform and etc. For complaints and reports, the Group shall handle
the cases hierarchically based on the positions of the individuals being complained or reported. The persons involved
are required to evade, ensuring the fairness and impartiality of case handling. All reports and complaints will be kept
confidential to protect the security and interests of the complainant or the informer.

During the Reporting Period, there were no corruption lawsuits against the Group. The Group did not violate any
related laws or provisions that significantly impacted the Group in the aspects of anti-bribery, extortion, fraud or money
laundering.


4.     Product Liability
The Group adheres to value creation for customers and is dedicated to providing competitive products and services.
The Groups ensures the quality of its products and services, and improves customer satisfaction by building a quality
management system, tracking the quality problems and regular quality auditing.

In terms of health, safety, advertising, labeling, privacy, intellectual property and remedial measures for products and
services, the Group strictly abides by national laws and regulations including but not limited to the Drug Administration
Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations for Implementation on Drug Administration Law of the People’s
Republic of China, Provisions for Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting and Monitoring, Provision for Drug Registration,
Provisions for Medical Device Registration, Provisions for Drug Insert and Packaging Labels, Good Manufacture
Practice of Drugs, Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Drugs Production, Provisions for Pharmaceutical
Trading License, Good Supply Practice of Drugs, Administrative Measures for the Import of Drugs, Advertisements
Law of the People’s Republic of China, Review and Release Standards of Drug Advertisement, Law of the People’s
Republic of China on Safeguarding the Consumer Rights and Interests, Tort Liability Law of the People’s Republic of
China, and Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China.


4.1 Guarantee the Safety and Quality of Products and Services
The Group has established the Quality Assurance Department to manage and monitor product quality and a drug
quality management system is built based on local laws and regulations as well as the GSP’s requirements, covering
the processes of quality verification, procurement, storage and etc. to ensure its product’s safety and quality. The
Group has issued a series of documents concerning its quality management system, departments and positions
responsibility, operation procedures, archives and etc. Such documents include but are not limited to: Regulations on
Drug Procurement, Regulations on Drug Check and Acceptance, Regulations on Drug Removal, Transportation and
Distribution, Regulations on Drug Storage, Regulations on Quality Inquiry Management System, Regulations on Quality
Complaints , and Regulations on Drug Expiration Date Management.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          60
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The finished products promoted and sold by the Group are mainly manufactured in the countries of manufacturing
     origins such as Germany, Denmark, the United Kingdom, France and China to maximally ensure product quality, with
     a small fraction of the rest being self-produced. All products promoted and sold by the Group are registered and
     approved by NMPA; all subsidiaries with core business in pharmaceutical promotion and sales are GSP certified; all
     subsidiaries with core business in pharmaceutical manufacturing are GMP certified.

     For self-produced products (during the Reporting Period, self-produced products have only accounted for 3.9% of the
     Group’s sales excluding the effect of the “two-invoice system”), the Group conducts strict inspection and acceptance
     of raw materials, including information review and sampling. Raw materials will only be adopted after examination
     passed, the whole process of which is monitored by the specialized staff. The Quality Assurance Department is
     responsible for quality inspection and control of raw materials and finished products sampling. Qualified inspection
     equipments are used for inspecting each raw material and finished product, after which the Quality Assurance
     Department will issue an Inspection Report for the approved qualified products to ensure compliance with national
     standards for drugs. In case of unqualified raw materials and finished products, the Group will deal with them as per
     the procedure on unqualified product management, and set up a special investigation team for cause investigation
     and correction at the same time.

     When the procured finished drugs arrive, the Quality Assurance Department will conduct strict inspection and
     acceptance as per GSP requirements, and review the official product inspection reports (such as the Custom
     Clearance Form, Import Inspection Report and Manufacturer Inspection Report) to ensure their quality compliance
     with national requirements. Once a quality deficiency is found, the Quality Assurance Department will submit relevant
     evidences to the supplier in written report and immediately shut down the sale by locking-in and freezing the
     unqualified products according to the GSP management system. When products are confirmed as unqualified by
     the Quality Assurance Department, the Storage and Transport Department will be immediately informed to transfer
     the products to the “unqualified zone” with separated storage areas. These products will be recalled, returned to the
     supplier, and applied to be discarded or destroyed after evaluation if necessary.

     The Group owns twenty-two warehouses in Guangdong Province, Hebei Province and Hunan Province for the storage
     of qualified products. The Storage and Transport Department of the Group is equipped with drug maintenance staff to
     make sure the storage and maintenance of the drugs is strictly following the regulations including Regulations on Drug
     Storage and Regulations on Drug Maintenance. The maintenance staff constantly monitors the warehouse temperature
     and humidity and the product storage conditions, conduct regular inspections on and maintenance of facilities and
     equipment, and report to the management regularly, to ensure the products are stored in an environment that meets
     their quality characteristics. Before delivery and sales of the finished products, the Storage and Transport Department
     conducts an ex-warehouse check based on regulation requirement, to ensure package integrity and product safety.
     During the Reporting Period, the Storage and Transport Department has improved related documentation for the
     system and strengthened relevant employee training, with regular inspections on the implementation conditions.
     Some improvements have been achieved in drug placement, scattered goods handling, handling management and
     warehouse management.




61   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)




The Group has established Provisions for Label Control and Management to ensure the drug classification and
package labeling meet the local laws and regulations, and the Operation Procedure of Design, Review and Approval
of Printing Packaging Materials has been formulated to ensure the label compliance with registration approval
requirements. All the Group’s advertising strictly abides by national requirements and is only published in professional
magazines designated by the National Health Commission and NMPA after being inspected and approved by the
Provincial Ministry of Health. The Group has also issued the CMS Speaker Regulations to provide guidance on writing
and reviewing promotional materials to ensure the professionalism and compliance of promotional material.


4.1.1 Customer Complaints
The Group provides specialized reporting channels and methods for drug quality complaints and adverse reactions/
events. Consumers can complain or report to the Group via telephone, fax, email and etc. The Quality Assurance
Department oversees product quality complaints and has established the Provisions for Quality Complaints and
Operation Procedures for Quality Complaints to provide detailed guidance for handling product quality complaints.
Complaints are recorded in the complaint record and maintenance system and are dealt with after classification
according to the level of risk of the quality defects to consumers and the Group. Minor complaints that are not related
to product quality and quality query should be responded by reply and explanation in a timely manner; important
complaints concerning product quality should be reported to the relevant responsible department for proper solutions
and timely responses; severe complaints should be reported to the responsible management of companies and be
investigated and assessed. Once a severe complaint is confirmed, the product should be suspended from sales or
utilization, and the product recall procedure can be triggered.

The Group has set a pharmacovigilance team to collect, handle and report adverse reactions/events and a series
of standardized operation regulations such as the Management Regulations on Drug Adverse Reaction Reporting
and Monitoring, Operation Regulations on Drug Adverse Reaction Reporting and Monitoring. Apart from visits and
complaints from patients and doctors, the Group encourages related department to actively collect and report adverse
reactions/events. The pharmacovigilance team should record in detail, analyze and deal with reported adverse
reactions, timely and truthfully record adverse reactions/events, and investigate, analyze, assess and summarize each
case. If drugs with potential safety risks are found, they should be dealt with as per the Operation Regulations on Drug
Safety Signal Detection. Meanwhile, the Group should not only communicate closely with domestic and overseas
drug manufacturers and the NMPA, but also revise domestic labels and instructions to ensure product safety when
necessary.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s response and handling rate for product and service quality related complaints
from customers have achieved 100%.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         62
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     4.1.2 Product Recall
     In order to recall drugs circulated in the market with safety risks based on the relevant regulation requirements, in the
     shortest time with minimal adverse impact, the Group has established the Provisions on Drug Recall and Operation
     Procedures on Drug Recall. If a recall happens, the Quality Assurance Department should establish a recall work team
     to draft a recall plan and issue drug recall notices. The involved departments should timely inform relevant customers
     and all organizations and individuals that may be related to drug sales and usage in order to recall the drugs as
     quickly as possible, and the stock should be sealed up at the same time. Recalled products should be marked and
     separately stored in the “returned goods” area; the Quality Assurance Department should conduct a comprehensive
     inspection on the recalled drugs, analyze the quality conditions and write a summary report; and the Quality Assurance
     Department should submit related information as required by the local Drug Administration Department in a timely
     manner.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group has not received any sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and
     health problems.

     The Group’s 2018 product and service quality data is shown below:

                                     Table 4 CMS’s 2018 Product and Service Quality Data

                                                                                Unit   Product and service quality data

      Response and handling rate for product and service quality related
                                                                                 %                      100
      complaints
      Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and
                                                                                 %                       0
      health problems


     4.1.3 Customer Privacy
     The Group attaches great importance to consumer privacy protection and maintains the confidentiality of nonpublic
     information on behalf of customers, suppliers, employees and other stakeholders of the Group conforming to related
     laws and regulations as well as applicable contracts. Both the CMS Employee Code of Professional Ethics and
     CMS Employee Manual specify requirements on the third-party privacy protection. Along with relevant training and
     confidentiality agreements, the importance of confidentiality duties and the legal consequences of confidentiality
     violation are also delivered and emphasized. Moreover, the Group’s business management system manages
     information access and maintenance with limited authorization. Non-authorized employees cannot use, export or copy
     customer information.




63   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




4.2 Protection of Intellectual Properties
The Group deems intellectual properties (such as trademarks, patents, confidential information and production
knowhow) as important assets of the Group and regulates employee conduct concerning intellectual property
protection by the CMS Employee Manual. The Group is dedicated to meet China’s unmet medical needs, and mainly
through collaborative R&D to acquire various patent protected innovative products’ assets or rights in China and
some Asia-Pacific countries. Moreover, the names, logos and products of the Group are all equipped with registered
trademarks and the related use is regulated by the CMS Code of Trademark Use . The in-house developed enterprise
management system is protected through software copyright. The Group protects the existing intellectual property
rights and promptly prevents violation of those by monitoring registered trademark use and regulating external
trademark and patent operation in a legal and authorized manner.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has not violated any related laws or provisions that significantly impact the
Group in the aspects of health, safety, advertising, labels, privacy, intellectual property and remedial measures for
products and services.


5.     People-oriented Practice
The Group deems its employees as the most valuable assets based on the concept of “strivers as the foundation”.
The Group ensures compliant employment, protects employee health and safety, promotes employee equality
and diversity, and constantly improves its employee training and development systems to provide a good working
environment and atmosphere for employees. With its well-organized human resources management system covering
employment, training, talent development and employee relations, the Group strives to make sure the smooth process
of its organization, talent and company culture management.

In terms of employment (including remuneration, demission, recruitment, promotion, working hours, vacation, equal
opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination and other welfare), occupational health and safety as well as labor codes,
CMS strictly conforms to the related national laws and regulations, which include but are not limited to the Labor
Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations on the
Implementation of the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, Social Insurance Law of the People’s
Republic of China, Minimum Wage Provisions, Rules of the State Council on Working Hours of Workers and Staff
Members, Regulations Concerning the Labor Protection of Female Staff and Workers, Work Safety Law of the
People’s Republic of China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational
Diseases, Regulations on Work-Related Injury Insurances, Provisions on Female and Underage Staff and Workers
Protection, Provisions on the Prohibition of Child Labor and Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of
Minors.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         64
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     5.1 Compliant Employment
     The Group conducts compliant recruitment of labor, and commits to sign, modify, rescind or terminate the contracts
     with employees as per national laws and regulations and company rules and requirements. The employment
     relationship takes effect upon signing the labor contract out of free will and agreement by both parties. The Human
     Resources Department of the Group checks the ID of each staff to ensure they are aged over 18 to assure the
     compliant employment. The Group labor contract stipulates the authenticity of candidates’ personal information and
     the Group reserves the right to terminate the contract if such information is found to be false based on the Provisions
     of the Company. Paid vacation, working hours and work attendance regulations are clearly specified, explained and
     are implemented as per the regulations on implementation of work attendance rules and local employment laws.
     Employees are entitled to compensation payment or vacation for working non-office hours as per labor laws and
     regulations. During the Reporting Period, the Group has strictly implemented measures including but not limited to the
     above-mentioned methods to prevent the legal risk of child labor and forced labor.

     The Group, abiding strictly by national and local laws and regulations, has established the CMS Employee Manual
     covering employment, performance, employee relations and remuneration as the guidance for employees to follow
     and enhance their sense of responsibility and belonging.

     The Group has adopted various recruitment channels, such as recruiting websites, campus job fairs, headhunters
     and internal referrals, to attract and retain suitable and outstanding talents with competitive remuneration packages,
     a good working environment and a comprehensive welfare system. The Human Resources Department pays close
     attention dynamically and reviews the Group’s salary level to ensure fair treatment and remuneration for employees.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has carried out a comprehensive remuneration reform to improve company
     competitiveness in the job market. The reform includes rationalization and classification of posts, salary level charts
     formulation through survey, and determination and adjustment of employee salary based on salary level charts and
     individual assessments. Moreover, the promotion within the Group is competitiveness-oriented and is regulated by
     internal regulations, such as the Regulations on Selection, Appointment and Removal of Managerial Posts of Direct
     Sales Regions. Employees may apply for managerial posts through internal competition and referrals with the review
     and approval of relevant leaders. The Human Resources Department regularly publicizes appointment and removal
     notices to ensure fairness and effectiveness.

     The Group, abiding strictly by laws and regulations, provides employees with five statutory social insurance schemes
     (basic endowment insurance, basic medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance and
     unemployment insurance) and housing funds, with extra benefits of housing subsidies, commercial accident insurance,
     physical examinations, employee community activities, overtime dinners, sports activities, holiday presents and
     etc. The Group also recognizes the contributions of key employees with the CMS Employee Benefit Scheme which
     rewards employees who have made continuous service and significant contributions to the Group’s annual business
     growth, and the “Hall of Honor Awarding System” to select and reward excellent promotional staff with bonus.




65   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




The Group strives for a fair and diversified working environment with mutual respect, and adheres to the principles
of anti-discrimination and equal opportunity in human resources and recruitment decisions. It seeks to prevent any
non-work-related factors such as age, gender, nationality and marital status from affecting employee welfare, training,
promotion and demission. The rights and interests of female employees are protected strictly as per national laws
and regulations. Female employees of the Group are entitled to statutory holidays during pregnancy, maternity and
lactation, and are given reasonable care and consideration. Equality-based communication is encouraged; employees
may communicate with the management via the internal ERP platform, telephone, email, face-to-face meeting and etc.
The Human Resources Department should conduct interviews with new employee, regular employee and dismissed
employees when necessary to understand their concerns and working satisfaction, and report these findings to the
managerial level. Employees are encouraged to report discriminatory, harassment and other improper behaviors to the
Human Resources Department. If the case is found to be true after investigation, punishment shall be given according
to the seriousness of the case, to prevent discrimination and inequality.


5.2 Training and Development
The Group’s human resources management system consists of Training Division taking charge in new employee training,
on-the-job training and training operation. The Training Division formulates its annual training plan and organizes
various training activities that combined with the Group’s development strategies and departmental requirements, in
order to empower and enable employees with capability improvement. The training system is completed and regulated
by the Provisions on Employee Training and Career Development, Provision on Employee Training Process, and
Provision on Internal Speaker Training , providing essential continual education and necessary support for employees
at every stage of their career, to push forward their improvement.

A training base is provided for a focused training environment and atmosphere; digital and mobile technologies
and tools are employed to extend the training scope and facilitate flexible, convenient and more effective learning.
Besides irregular training for business development and working process modification, and stipulated safety and
fire protection training, the Group organizes at least one large-scale training session for fresh employees each year,
and provides customized training based on their post functions. The training content mainly includes but is not limit
to: company culture, company rules and regulations, product knowledge, compliance culture and GSP-related
regulation to enhance the fresh employees’ better integration to the Company and understanding about their posts.
Professional promotion related posts are subject to advanced trainings focusing on thinking methods, presentation
material making, presentation skills and etc. Employees involved in production business are educated on GMP-related
systems, product quality, production safety, pharmaceutical regulations, etc.

In addition, for management associate trainees, the Group has a multi-level training system to help them clarify their
career path and forge related skills and abilities; for the special operation personnel, the Group stipulates external
training and examinations on special equipment operation. The Group also encourages employees to attend external
training related to their work to maximize their skills improvement and enlarge their knowledge base.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has achieved 100% employee training coverage with fully covering every
categories of employee.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         66
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     5.3 Care for Employees
     5.3.1 Occupational Health and Safety
     The Group strictly abides by national laws and regulations on employee occupational health and safety, provides a
     healthy and safe working environment for employees, reinforces the implementation of occupational health monitoring
     measures, and improves the management on prevention and treatment of occupational diseases.

     The Group achieves the improvement of the production safety by compliance with and implementation of the
     Comprehensive Emergency Plan for Production Safety Accidents, Three Provisions on Production Safety, Investigation
     and Treatment Plan for Safety Hazards and etc. A lead group on production safety inspection has been established
     to implement safe production practices; safety warning signs and first-aid boxes are provided in proper locations;
     employees receive relevant training on production safety and occupational health and safety, etc. Employees holding
     posts with healthy and safety risks are provided with personal protective equipments as per national laws and
     regulations to minimize safety risks. For example, dust related posts are provided with dust masks, and noise related
     posts are provided with earplugs, ear masks and other protection equipment. During the Reporting Period, the Group
     provided occupational health checks for all the employees holding posts with healthy and safety risks according to the
     related laws and regulations.

     The Group has formulated the CMS Office Building Emergency Plan and regularly organizes fire safety related
     emergency drills to raise employee safety awareness, improve their self-protection abilities, and prevent accidents. The
     Group provides annual physical checks for each employee. During the Reporting Period, 100% employees had health
     checks of their own free will. Meanwhile, employee health risks are also reduced through daily trifles, such as changing
     drinking water filters on a regular basis, maintaining the air-condition system, carpet cleaning and disinfection, insect
     and rat extermination, etc.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group has no work-related deaths.

     The Group’s 2018 employee health and safety data is shown below:

                                     Table 5 CMS’s 2018 Employee Health and Safety Data

                                                                                        Unit      Health and safety Data

      Work-related deaths                                                              Person                 0

      Proportion of employees had health checks of their own free will                   %                   100


     During the Reporting Period, the Group has not violated any laws or provisions that significantly impact the Group in
     terms of employment, occupational health and safety, and labor regulations.




67   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




6.     Cooperation and Mutual Benefits
Effective cooperation with and management of suppliers and distributors are vital to the Group as they reasonably
improve product and service quality as well as reduce the operational costs and cooperation risks, helping build the
brand image and pushing forward the development of the Company. The Supply Chain Management Department
of the Group is responsible for planning and managing procurement and order, international and domestic logistics,
warehouse management, sales consignment, etc. to ensure the high operational efficiency of each section of the
supply chain. The Supply Chain Management Department has constructed a relatively comprehensive supplier
management system by making supply plans based on sales forecasts of products and integrating supervision and
support to suppliers from the Quality Management Department.

Through the long-term communication and business contacts, the Group has forged sustainable and stable strategic
relationships with suppliers and distributors, and established good communication mechanism with open dialogue
and mutual trust. At the same time, during the cooperation, the Group has fully communicated problems within a
reasonable scope with suppliers and actively helped with process reform, so as to realize mutual benefits and risk
sharing.


6.1 Supplier Management
Finished drugs account for the majority of the Group’s procurement. Suppliers are regulated with strict admittance
criteria and inspected on factors including but not limited to: operation and production qualification, scale and history,
industrial reputation and competitiveness, production conditions, product category, quality and prestige, environmental
protection, compliance, social responsibility, and etc. Suppliers are required to provide qualification documents
including their Drug Production License or Drug Operation License and Business License to ensure the compliance
and effectiveness of its operation. Operation and production that is compliant with local related regulations are
specified in the supplier agreements or contracts to prevent social related risks of the supplier management; at the
same time, when supplier conditions are similar, the nearest supplier with more convenient transportation is preferred
to reduce environmental pollution from transportation. Moreover, the Group ensures a fair and open procurement
mechanism by bidding, regulates procurement activities with the Regulations on Drugs Procurement, Regulations
on Procurement Planning and Review, and Regulations on Auditing Supplier Salesperson Qualification, and ensures
the procurement plan complying with operation demands. The Code of Professional Ethics of CMS provides policy
regulations on the open, fairness and transparency of the procurement system.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          68
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The finished drugs the Group promotes and sells are introduced through asset purchase or long-term sales
     agreement. And the production is mainly outsourced to designated factories or original manufacturers. Therefore, the
     Group is able to sustain long-term stable strategic relations with finished product suppliers without frequent changes
     or adjustments. The Group regulates supplier management with the Regulations on First-time Supplier Qualification
     Review and Operation Provisions on Internal Quality Audit. First-time suppliers need to go through a comprehensive
     qualification review coordinated by the Supply Chain Management Department and Quality Assurance Department,
     and will only be qualified as the Group’s supplier if they pass the evaluation, then the further purchase is executed
     by the Supply Chain Management Department. Moreover, the GSP management system automatically monitors
     supplier period of validity certifications and blocks suppliers automatically when their certifications expire, purchase
     order with these suppliers can only be updated or added until the relevant documents is renewed. The Supply Chain
     Management Department and Quality Assurance Department review supplier quality at least once a year, and build
     supplier quality review archive, and form the final List of Qualified Suppliers after deciding to retain or remove the
     supplier.

     All production material suppliers are selected as per the Operation Provisions on Material Supplier Assessment and
     Approval . Such qualified suppliers should meet the following requirements: complete and valid qualifications, qualified
     products, reasonable pricing, good production environment and smooth operation of workshops, etc. The list of
     qualified suppliers will be determined after assessment, auditing and executive review of each supplier. The Group
     maintains at least two qualified suppliers for any production material to prevent material shortage under emergency.
     Moreover, the Group also classifies materials according to the level of importance and manages qualified suppliers by
     different levels with a list of core suppliers to ensure the reasonable distribution of monitoring resources and maximize
     the efficiency of supplier chain management.

     The Quality Assurance Department conducts annual assessments and renews the qualified supplier list based on
     annual supply quality and relevant cooperation conditions. If the materials provided by the qualified supplier do not
     conform with the Group’s requirements in the official procurement, the Group shall timely notify suppliers on return
     of unqualified products, the expenses of which and the Group’s incurred financial loss shall be all assumed by the
     supplier; if the supplier is shut down or production is ceased, or quality problems occur three consecutive times, or
     the supplier fails to implement procurement within three years, with the written application from the supply chain-
     related departments and review by the Quality Assurance Department, the unqualified supplier shall be deleted from
     the qualified supplier list and procurement cooperation shall be ceased. The Group organizes on-site product quality
     auditing on core suppliers at least once a year, and applies to cease procurement from those with critical defects or
     high quality risks. During the Reporting Period, there has been no significant product supply delay from the Group’s
     suppliers.




69   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




The Group’s 2018 supplier data is shown below:

                                                        Table 6 CMS’s 2018 Supplier Data

                                                                                                    Unit               Number of supplier(s)

    Total suppliers                                                                               Number                             87

           -   Mainland suppliers                                                                 Number                             75

           -   HK SAR, Macau SAR, Taiwan and overseas suppliers                                   Number                             12


6.2 Distributor Management
Distributors are maintained and managed by the Quality Assurance Department and Commercial Department of the
Group, and the Selection and Assessment System of Distribution Cooperative Partners is constituted to support
related work. The distributors’ screening standards include basic criteria (such as GSP qualifications, storage capacity,
distribution capacity and working capital), cooperation willingness, distribution channel coverage, market control,
brand image, etc. fully guaranteeing the distributors’ qualifications and compliance level, and preventing product
quality and integrity from negative impacts during the distribution. The Group prefers large-scale distributors with high
distribution channel coverage in sales regions to reduce the negative impact on environment during the logistics.


7.         Environmental Protection
With the guiding principle of environmental protection, the Group has always been striving to integrate the concept
of sustainable development into its pharmaceutical operation, pharmaceutical manufacturing and agriculture and
livestock business1. During the development and operation of business, the Group strictly abides by related national
laws, regulations and standards on environmental protection, such as The Environmental Protection Law of the
People’s Republic of China, Environmental Protection Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China, The Environment
Impact Assessment Act of the People’s Republic of China, and Emergency Management Measures for Environmental
Emergencies; the relevant internal management procedures have also been formulated based on practical conditions
of the Group, with strict control of emission and reasonable use of energy and resources, so as to minimize the impact
on environment and natural resources from the business operation and contribute to the construction and sustainable
development of the beautiful China.




1
    As at 31 December 2018, the products produced by agriculture and livestock business of the Group has only been consumed internally without contributing
    revenue of the Group.


                                                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                     70
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     7.1 Emission Control
     7.1.1 Solid Waste Management
     The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste
     Pollution, Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes, and
     Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage, and has adopted internal policies and regulations for
     solid waste management to reduce its generation and emission, and the subsequent environmental impact. Internal
     policies and regulations of the Group include Procedure of Hazardous Solid Waste Management, Procedure of
     Hazardous Chemical Management, Provisions on Quality-control Laboratory Waste Management by Kangzhe (Hunan)
     Medical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe Hunan”), Regulations on Company Environmental Protection , Regulations on Chemical
     Wastes, and Regulations on Toxic Products by Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Xili”), Regulations
     on Hazardous Waste by Pingshan Manufacture Base of Shenzhen Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Pingshan
     Factory”), and Procedure of Solid Waste Management by Hunan Kangzhe Agricultural and Livestock Development
     Co., Ltd. (“Hunan Agriculture and Livestock”).

     Pharmaceutical Promotion and Network Management Business
     The majority of the solid waste generated by pharmaceutical promotion and network management business is office
     and household garbage, which is transported by the property management company of the office locality after being
     collected and classified by the Group. The Group has implemented the following measures to reduce the office and
     household waste:
     •      Reinforce waste classification and recycle the reusable waste in the office;
     •      Encourage employees to reduce the use of disposable products such as plastic tablewares;
     •      Encourage paper saving by minimizing unnecessary printing and using paper on both sides for printing.

     Pharmaceutical Production Business
     The solid waste generated by pharmaceutical production business including waste laboratory chemical reagents
     generated during drug testing procedures, herb residues generated in production, sewage sludge generated by the
     sewage treatment system, and office and household waste.

     To reduce the generation of waste laboratory chemical reagents, the Group regulates the ordering of chemical
     reagents for drug quality testing as per actual demands, controlling unnecessary usage and waste; after drug testing,
     the quality inspector shall collect the waste chemicals within specified containers according to their types and
     conditions, and regularly send to qualified institutes for concentrated treatment.

     The herb residues generated during drug production are mainly particle filter residues (lignin) and a small amount of
     insoluble extractives, both of which are non-hazardous waste. The treatment measures adopted by the Group include:
     •      Transfer to Hunan Agriculture and Livestock farm as fertilizers (Kangzhe Hunan);
     •      Transfer to clean energy companies as fuels and a small quantity for farmers’ livestock feed (Hebei Xili).




71   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




All drug production plants of the Group are equipped with sewage treatment system for the treatment of production
sewage and domestic sewage. Sewage sludge from water treatment is non-hazardous waste and will be dried and
handed over to sanitation department for unified treatment with household garbage. In order to reduce sewage
sludge, Kangzhe Hunan has adopted an anaerobic method of biochemical treatment for the second phase of the
sewage treatment facilities newly built in 2018, and will considerably reduce sewage sludge generation compared to
the aerobic method adopted for the first phase of sewage treatment facilities.

The treatment measure of office and household waste adopted by all drug production plants of the Group is sending it
to local environmental protection departments for unified treatment after collection.

Agriculture and Livestock Business
The solid wastes generated by agriculture and livestock business of the Group mainly include dead twigs and leaves
generated by fruit and vegetable plantation, animal excrement generated by livestock breeding, and office and
household waste.

The dead twigs and leaves are stored in containers first together with herb residues transferred from Kangzhe Hunan,
and then mixed and fermented with organic fertilizers at a certain proportion when needed, so as to make them
becoming the fertilizer for corps, and realize the cyclic utilization of organic wastes.

Hunan Agriculture and Livestock adopts automatic collection devices to collect animal excrement and transport them
to an organic fertilizer fermentation tank. The mixture is then made into organic fertilizer through bio-fermentation for
agricultural plantations. In addition, hen houses and pigpens are cleaned every day, and the cultivation area goes
through comprehensive sanitation inspections every week, so as to sustain an environment of high sanitation quality
for the farms.

Hunan Agriculture and Livestock arranges specified staff to collect office and household waste and transport it
to designated local garbage collection points. To reduce the household waste generation, Hunan Agriculture and
Livestock stipulates the monthly quota of waste bags and sanitation papers for each department, encourages waste
classification, and recycles reusable waste such as bottles and paper.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          72
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     The solid waste emission data of CMS in 2018 is shown below:

                                                       Table 7 CMS’s 2018 Solid Waste Emission Data

                                                                        Unit                              Volume                               Intensity2
         Hazardous waste                                                 Ton                                 0.2                                0.00003
         Non-hazardous waste                                             Ton                              1,782.0                                  0.29
               -    Herb residue                                         Ton                              1,678.5                                  0.27
               -    Sewage sludge                                        Ton                                10.7                                  0.002
               -    Household garbage                                    Ton                                92.8                                   0.02


     7.1.2 Air Pollutant Management
     The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric
     Pollution in air pollutant management. Gas emissions conform to the requirements of Comprehensive Discharge
     Standard of Atmospheric Pollutants and Emission Standard of Boiler Air Pollutants. The Group has also implemented
     internal management policies to reduce air pollutant emissions, such as Exhaust Gas Emission Management
     Procedures (Kangzhe Hunan); Operation Regulations of Steam Boiler, Regulations of Boilers Management (Hebei Xili),
     and Operation Regulations of Exhaust gas (Pingshan Factory), etc.

     To reduce gas emissions during boiler operation, the Group continued to use clean energy for boiler operation:
     Kangzhe Hunan uses natural gas, and Hebei Xili uses alcohol-based liquid fuel to run the boilers. At the same time,
     the Group continuously optimizes its production plans to improve boiler operation efficiency to save energy and
     reduce emissions. Besides, Pingshan Factory has installed activated carbon absorption and wet sprinkler devices on
     the emission funnels of the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient workshop, and Kangzhe Hunan laboratory has installed
     neutralization spray, cross-washing and dehydration and mist-off devices to further reduce atmospheric impact of gas
     emission.

     The air pollutants generated during the Group’s production process include Sulfur Dioxide (SO2), Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)
     and Particulate Matter (PM).

     The detailed emissions data of CMS in 2018 is shown below:

                                                 Table 8 CMS’s 2018 Air Polluant Emission Data of Boiler

                                                                       Unit                               Volume                                Intensity
         Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                           Kg                                 237.1                                   0.04
         Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                           Kg                                2,350.4                                  0.38
         Particulate Matter (PM)                                        Kg                                 354.7                                   0.06




     2
         All the indicators’ intensity data is calculated as per sales revenue, shown as following: total emissions and usage amount divided by sales revenue (unit in RMB
         million) after excluding the “two-invoice system” in the Reporting Period.




73   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)




7.1.3 Green House Gas (GHG) Management
The Group is fully aware of the impact of climate change on the natural ecosystem, with a series of measures to
reduce direct and indirect GHG emissions, which produced significant outcome that GHG direct emission was
considerably reduced. The relevant information will be detailed in the Management of Energy and Resources section.
Besides, the Group also plants trees in and around production plants to mitigate the environmental impact from GHG
emissions.

A direct source of the Group’s GHG emissions comes from the energy consumption of natural gas, alcohol-based
liquid fuels, gasoline, diesel oil and etc.; an indirect source is outsourced electricity.

The detailed emission data of CMS in 2018 is shown below:

                                                      Table 9 CMS’s 2018 GHG Emission Data

                                                                         Unit                            Volume                             Intensity
    Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)3                                   Ton CO2e                             5,566.7                              0.91
           -    Natural gas                                          Ton CO2e                             2,063.0                              0.34
           -    Alcohol-based liquid fuel                            Ton CO2e                             3,317.7                              0.54
           -    Gasoline                                             Ton CO2e                              176.5                               0.03
           -    Diesel oil                                           Ton CO2e                                8.1                              0.001
           -    Liquefied gas                                        Ton CO2e                                1.4                              0.0002
    Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                                  Ton CO2e                             4,243.1                              0.69
           -    Outsourced electricity                               Ton CO2e                             4,243.1                              0.69
    Total GHG emission (Scope 1+2)                                   Ton CO2e                             9,809.8                              1.60


7.1.4 Wastewater Management
The Group strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Water
Pollution, and also has been implementing internal policies for wastewater management, such policies include:
Procedure of Sewage Management (Kangzhe Hunan), Operation Regulations of Wastewater (Hebei Xili), Operation
Standards of Usage, Maintenance and Repair of Sewage Plants (Pingshan Factory), Standard Procedure of Sewage
Management (Hunan Agriculture and Livestock) and etc.

Pharmaceutical Promotion and Network Management Business
The wastewater generated by pharmaceutical promotion and network management business is domestic wastewater,
which is handled by the property management company of the office building. Such wastewater directly enters
building sewage pipelines leading to municipal sewage networks for the centralized treatment. To reduce domestic
wastewater generation, water conservation signs are posted on office walls, and water taps are inspected by specified
staff during holidays and vacations to prevent leaks. Leaks will be fixed in time if being found.




3
    During the Reporting Period, the group did not replace air conditioning refrigerants, resulting in zero refrigerant consumption and no contribution to direct GHG
    emission (Scope 1).



                                                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                        74
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     Pharmaceutical Production Business
     The wastewater generated by the Group’s pharmaceutical production business includes industrial and domestic
     wastewater. All drug production subsidiaries of the Group achieved the diversion of the rainwater and sewage, and
     are equipped with separate treatment systems for them. The wastewater generated by Kangzhe Hunan and Hebei
     Xili goes through sewage treatment systems for compliance with Wastewater Quality Standards for Discharge to
     Municipal Sewers and Integrated Water Discharge Standard before being released to municipal sewage pipeline
     network. The wastewater is then treated by local sewage plants to meet relevant standards and released to natural
     water body; the wastewater generated by Pingshan Factory goes through sewage treatment systems to meet Grade
     IA standard of Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plants and stipulated indices of
     The Reuse of Urban Recycling Water- Standard of Water Quality for Urban Miscellaneous Water Consumption before
     being reclaimed and re-utilized as cleaning water or greening irrigation water, improving wastewater utilization rate and
     conserving water resources. In addition, the Group also has upgraded and expanded its sewage plants to maintain its
     sewage treatment capacity in line with its business scale.

     Agriculture and Livestock Business
     The domestic wastewater generated by the Group’s agriculture and livestock business includes cultivation and
     domestic wastewater, both of which go through filtration and settlement in protective trenches and settlement
     pools before entering local sewage plants for treatment. To reduce wastewater generation from the very beginning,
     Hunan Agriculture and Livestock reinforces water conservation education among employees and punishes water
     wasting behavior; the cultivation department has upgraded the Group’s livestock drinking water devices to automatic
     water-conservative devices; the plantation department has upgraded the irrigation systems of vegetable and fruit
     greenhouses to automatic irrigation and fertilization integrated systems. In addition, grass is also planted around
     animal farms and production areas to purify outdoor residual manure water and sewage, to reduce their impact on
     peripheral communities.

     The major pollutants in the wastewater discharged by the Group are Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N) and Chemical Oxygen
     Demand (COD).

     The Group’s 2018 wastewater and pollutant components discharge data is shown below:

                       Table 10 CMS’s 2018 Discharge Data for Wastewater and Pollutant Components

                                                           Unit               Volume                      Intensity
                                                              3
      Wastewater                                            m                 86,539.4                      14.11
      Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                              Ton                  0.1                       0.00002
      Chemical Oxygen Demand （COD）                          Ton                  0.9                        0.0001




75   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




7.1.5 Noise Management
The operational noise generated by the Group comes from machine operation during drug production. Regular
noise inspections on drug production are organized to ensure compliance with the Emission Standard for Industrial
Enterprises Noise at Boundaries. During the Reporting Period, according to monitoring results, the noise level of the
Group’s production plants was compliant with the standards and did not have an obvious negative impact on the
peripheral environment.


7.2 Management of Energy and Resources
The Group strictly abides by Law of the People’s Republic of China on Conserving Energy, Law of the People’s
Republic of China on Promoting Clean Production, Circular Economy Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of
China, and other related national laws and regulations, adheres to the concept of sustainable development throughout
the whole process of production and operation, establishes and implements internal management policies such
as the CMS Environmental Management Regulations and Regulations on Environmental Protection to minimize
the consumption of energy and the resources, as well as the impact of operation on the environment and natural
resources.


7.2.1 Electricity Conservation
The electricity consumption of the Group comes from: office operation, drug production, agriculture and livestock
breeding. The electricity conservation measures adopted by the Group include:
•      Provide employees with training on environmental protection to raise their awareness of energy saving and
       environmental protection;
•      Post slogans in offices and factories to promote energy conservation and emissions reduction;
•      Use LED energy-saving lights in offices except for a few artistic chandeliers for decoration;
•      Reduce lighting hours by requiring employees to turn off lights when leaving, avoiding leaving lights on for long
       hours;
•      Apply insulating films on office glass curtain walls to reflect outdoor lights and heat, reduce indoor temperature,
       thus reduce air-conditioners’ operation hour;
•      Set the air-conditioners at 26℃ and post reminder stickers on the air-conditioners’ switch;
•      Conduct daily inspections on lighting and air-conditioners, and allocate staff to ensure that reasonable use of
       lighting and air-conditioners by overtime workers during weekends and holidays;
•      Turn on the “night mode” of air-condition in proper occasions to save energy;
•      Strictly prevent energy waste due to steam leakage in all forms such as “running and dripping” in production
       plants;
•      Adopt frequency control for engine with long stand-by time in production plants;
•      Hunan Agriculture and Livestock arrange weekly inspections of electricity consumption by specified staff, and
       convert the results into employee monthly KPIs to supervise and encourage employee in energy conservation.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          76
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     7.2.2 Gasoline Conservation
     The Group’s gasoline consumption is from the use of vehicles for business. The Group has established Regulations
     on Employee Business Trips to regulate the use of company’s vehicles. At the same time, company vehicles are
     inspected and maintained by designated staff on a regular basis, and drivers are trained to use the vehicles properly.
     In addition, The Group also maximizes the use of telephone/video conference system to reduce the demand of
     company’s vehicles for off-site meetings, so as to reduce gasoline consumption. As for necessary transportation, the
     Group encourages employees to reduce car use and convert to green commuting. For non-emergency, the Group
     encourages employees to travel together and reduce the frequency of the vehicles usage. Employees work in Hunan
     Agricultural and Livestock try best to commute by electric buses together.


     7.2.3 Diesel Oil Conservation
     The Group’s diesel oil consumption is from vegetable and fruits greenhouse insulation equipment and diesel agricultural
     vehicles of the agriculture and livestock business, and the emergency electricity generation by backup generators
     for drug production business. To reduce diesel oil consumption, Hunan Agriculture and Livestock has optimized the
     traditional vegetable and fruits greenhouses by dividing them into smaller ones and provide double-layered insulation
     sheets, which enhance their own insulation performance, and thus replace the use of thermal insulation equipment,
     conserving a certain amount of diesel oil. In order to control the diesel oil consumption, Hunan Agriculture and
     Livestock also stipulates individual liability for agricultural diesel vehicle usage, and excess consumption should be
     reasonably explained and purchased by designated staff. Besides, the Group regulates the diesel generator operation
     as per practical usage demand and conducts regular maintenance to ensure reasonable and efficient consumption of
     diesel oil.


     7.2.4 Boiler Fuel Conservation
     The consumption of boiler fuel of the Group is only for drug production. To ensure efficient fuel conservation, the Group
     has established boiler management policies including Steam Boiler Operation Provisions and Boiler Management
     Provisions. At the same time, the drug plants conduct regular inspection and preventive maintenance on steam pipes
     and equipment to control steam leakage in all forms, such as “running and dripping”, so as to improve boiler using
     efficiency. Besides, the drug plants continuously optimize their production plans by concentrating production schedule,
     in order to prevent long-time yet low-efficiency boiler operation, reducing unnecessary fuel consumption.


     7.2.5 Water Conservation
     The Group’s water consumption includes: production and washing water of drug plants, irrigation for agricultural land,
     livestock cultivation, and domestic use by employees. The sources of water include municipal tap water, underground
     water and natural precipitation collection, and there is no difficulty in finding suitable water sources so far. The Group
     has consistently promoted water conservation and taken various water conservation measures:
     •       Conduct timely maintenance of the water supply system to prevent leaks;
     •       Reuse cooling water. See the case of Cooling water reclamation facilities of Hebei Xili for more details;
     •       Pingshan Factory utilizes reclaimed water after compliant treatment by the sewage treatment system;
     •       Hunan Agriculture and Livestock repairs ditches and pipelines to collect rainwater, and adopts drip-irrigation.




77   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                        (CONTINUED)




 [Case] Cooling water reclamation facilities of Hebei Xili
 Hebei Xili renovated the condensate water pipelines of its workshops for steam condensate water collection.
 The cooling water was then transferred into soft water boiler tanks for boiler operation and water conservation is
 realized.

 Water and energy conservation effects:
 1. The recycled condensate water (reclaimed water) accounts for half of the daily water consumption by the boiler,
 which is a huge reduction of water consumption;
 2. Using reclaimed water can reduce raw water treatment, prolong the utilization period of ionic exchanging resin
 and conserve water treatment reagents during resin regeneration;
 3. The temperature of reclaimed water is relatively high, thus conserving energy for boiler water heating.


7.2.6 Packaging Material Conservation
The Group has established Material Distribution Regulations for unified management of packaging materials, and
Quality Standard for Internal and External Packaging Materials to specify the inspection, release and utilization of
packaging materials. The Group has also adopted a series of measures for conservation of packaging materials, which
include:
•      Make procurement plans of packaging materials as per actual demand and strictly execute the plans;
•      Arrange designated staff and storage space to realize locked storage, separate bookkeeping and acceptance
       and distribution tallies to ensure correct quantity of packaging materials, and prevent loss, outflow and waste;
•      Deliver goods as per cargo packages with best efforts;
•      Reduce the usage of overturn boxes;
•      Recycle and reuse packaging boxes;
•      Negotiate with drug suppliers for return and change of damaged packages;
•      Employ reusable stainless-steel buckets for storage to reduce the use of disposable packaging materials;
•      Hunan Agriculture and Livestock employs professional designer to design package with adhering to
       environmental protection concept, reasonably reducing waste of packaging materials.

7.2.7 Paper Conservation
The Group’s paper consumption mainly comes from office operation. The measures the Group has implemented for
paper conservation include:
•     Review the content and format of documents before printing to reduce printing with mistakes;
•     Except for official documents, use double-sided printing for internal documents;
•     Use email as the main communication tool, and scan and convert paper documents into electronic files for
      emails delivery;
•     Re-use single-side paper for scratch and printing of internal documents.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         78
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     CMS’s detailed energy and resources utilization data during the Reporting Period is shown below.

                                              Table 11 CMS’s 2018 Energy and Resource Utilization Data

                                                                                    Unit                Consumption               Intensity
         Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                                    kWh                  29,758,236.2             4,850.96
         energy consumption
               - Outsourced electricity                                             kWh                   7,079,280.2             1,154.01
                                                                                         3
               - Natural gas                                                         m                     954,116.0               155.53
               - Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                           Ton                     1,842.8                0.30
               - Gasoline                                                           Liter                   77,640.0               12.66
               - Diesel oil                                                         Liter                    3,111.6                0.51
                                   4
               - Liquefied gas                                                       Kg                       480.0                 0.08
         Total water consumption                                                     m3                    148,634.2               24.23
                                                                                         3
               - Tap water                                                           m                      71,060.2               11.58
                                                                                         3
               - Underground water                                                   m                      77,574.0               12.65
         Total consumption of packaging material                                     Ton                      544.1                 0.09
               - Paper                                                               Ton                      293.0                 0.05
               - Glass bottle                                                        Ton                      153.4                 0.03
               - Plastic                                                             Ton                       97.7                 0.02
         Office paper                                                                Ton                        8.1                0.001


     7.3 Environment and Natural Resources
     The main businesses of the Group are pharmaceutical promotion and network management, which have mild impact
     on the environment and natural resources. The Group has adopted measures to reduce office electricity consumption
     and greenhouse gas emission generated during operation of such businesses.

     For drug production business of the Group, the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients are mainly herbs and animal and
     vegetable proteins and production water mainly comes from underground water. The main environmental impacts of
     such business operation mainly include: production wastewater, exhaust gas, solid wastes, noise, and greenhouse
     gas emission generated by boiler operation and electricity consumption. The Group has adopted relevant measures to
     ensure high efficiency of energy and resources utilization, thus to reduce pollutant emission of all kinds.

     The agriculture and livestock business of the Group also has a limited impact on the environment and natural
     resources, of which mainly comes from plantation irrigation water and breeding animal excrement. The Group collects
     and utilizes natural rainwater for irrigation, and has established double-layer protection for the livestock cultivation
     area, in order to minimize adverse impact on the ecosystem.




     4
         During the Reporting Period, liquefied gas was only consumed by Hunan Agriculture and Livestock for its staff canteen.




79   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




8.     Community Dedication
The Group attaches great importance to social contribution of the medical and health field, and pays active attention
to the community interests of its company localities. The Group is driven by the goal of pushing forward medical
progress and integrates local communities’ demand into its goals and policies. Besides medical education-related
work, the Group has also organized various public service activities in local communities.


8.1 Promoting Medical Progress Advancement
During the Reporting Period, the Group participated in various re-education works in the medical and health field.
By promoting proper prescription concept and informing primary physicians of advanced therapies and treatment
methods, the Group has promoted medical advancement with good social recognition.

During the Reporting Period, the Group organized various activities to promote the advancement of medical progress.
With its contribution in medical and humanity fields, the Group was recognized as a “Humanistic and love Enterprise”
by the China Medical Humanities Conference. Following are some of the activities that the Group participated in or
sponsored:

•      The Group and the Chinese Medical Association Digestive Diseases Branch specialized in the construction
       and cooperation with the Medical Humanities Collaboration Group. 9 medical humanities lectures were held
       nationwide and thousands of experts attended the conference;
•      The 2018 “Huatuo Project” focusing on the diagnosis and treatment of kidney diseases with activities in
       Guangzhou, Changsha, Xi’an, Xiamen, Jinan, Beijing, Hangzhou, and etc., the project has reached over 1,200
       primary physicians in over 50 cities;
•      Primary level oriented lecture tours on healthy blood pressure were initiated in 2018. With lectures held in 8
       cities such as Tianjin, Shanxi and Heilongjiang, the project has reached over 1,200 primary physicians in around
       80 cities;
•      “Compass of Heart – Standardized Medication for Coronary Heart Disease” lecture tour was initiated in 2018,
       covering over 1,000 hospitals in 20 cities of 14 provinces, 3 direct-controlled municipalities and 1 autonomous
       region; with online and offline activities, the project has reached over 6,000 doctors.


8.2 Participation in Public Service Activities
Social responsibility, as the internal driving force of development, is integrated into the Group’s long-term development
plan with actively repaying to the society. The Group actively provides public services, performs social responsibilities,
encourages and supports more employees to contribute to society.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          80
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     During the Reporting Period, the Group ranked among the “Top 100 Enterprises of Shenzhen” and “Top 100
     Enterprise Taxpayers of the Year”. The agricultural and livestock business of the Group was recognized as a “Leading
     Enterprise of Agriculture Industrialization of Changde City” and “Hunan Province Green Food Demonstration Base”.
     Such honors show the efforts made by the Group in improving local community interests, and the public appreciation
     and recognition of the Group’s brand image. During the Reporting Period, the Group donated around RMB0.2 million
     under public service projects, mainly organized the following public service activities:

     •     The Group sponsored the basketball court renewal project of Shenzhen Social Welfare Center Children
           Welfare Institute and donated shoe cabinets, wireless vacuum cleaners, cameras and other goods, with a total
           monetary value of around RMB180.0 thousand The Group has built a long-term assistance mechanism with
           the Shenzhen Social Welfare Center Children Welfare Institute;
     •     The Group has supported the “Rusticating”（ 三 下 鄉 ） activities held by “Warm Wind China”( 暖 風 中 國 )
           volunteer service teams from Guangdong Medical University for the four consecutive years, and has actively
           donated cash and drugs since 2015. During the Reporting Period, the Group donated cash of around
           RMB20.0 thousand;
     •     The Group donated cash to support education for the community around Hunan Agriculture and Livestock and
           employed over a thousand nearby villagers in total. During the Reporting Period, the Group donated cash of
           RMB10.0 thousand.




81   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)




ESG Reporting Appendix
Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index


     Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                          Corresponding Chapter

Environmental

                                                                                            7.1 Environmental Protection
                 General Disclosure                                                             Emission Control

                                                                                            7.1 Environmental Protection
                A1.1    The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                   Emission Control

                                                                                            7.1 Environmental Protection
                A1.2    Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity                         Emission Control

A1: Emissions                                                                               7.1 Environmental Protection
                A1.3    Total hazardous waste produced and intensity                            Emission Control

                                                                                            7.1 Environmental Protection
                A1.4    Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity                        Emission Control

                        Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results           7.1 Environmental Protection
                A1.5    achieved                                                                Emission Control

                        Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes               7.1 Environmental Protection
                A1.6    are handled, reduction initiatives and results achieved                 Emission Control

                                                                                            7.2 Environmental Protection
                General Disclosure                                                              Management of Energy and
                                                                                                Resources

                                                                                            7.2 Environmental Protection
                A2.1    Energy consumption in total and intensity                               Management of Energy and
                                                                                                Resources

                                                                                            7.2 Environmental Protection
                A2.2    Water consumption in total and intensity                                Management of Energy and
                                                                                                Resources
A2: Use of
Resources
                                                                                            7.2 Environmental Protection
                        Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results
                A2.3                                                                            Management of Energy and
                        achieved                                                                Resources

                        Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water         7.2 Environmental Protection
                A2.4    that is fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives and results       Management of Energy and
                        achieved                                                                Resources

                                                                                            7.2 Environmental Protection
                        Total packaging material used for finished products and
                A2.5                                                                            Management of Energy and
                        with reference to per unit produced.                                    Resources

                                                                                            7.3 Environmental Protection
                General Disclosure                                                              Environment and Natural
A3: The                                                                                         Resources
Environment
and Natural
Resources               Description of the significant impacts of activities on the         7.3 Environmental Protection
                A3.1    environment and natural resources and the actions taken                 Environment and Natural
                        to manage them                                                          Resources



                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       82
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




      Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index -continued

           Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                  Corresponding Chapter

      Social

                                                                                          5.1 People-oriented Practice
      B1: Employment   General Disclosure                                                     Compliant Employment

                                                                                          5.3 People-oriented Practice
                       General Disclosure                                                     Care for Employees

      B2: Health and                                                                      5.3 People-oriented Practice
                       B2.1    Number and rate of work-related fatalities
      Safety                                                                                  Care for Employees

                               Description of occupational health and safety measures     5.3 People-oriented Practice
                       B2.2    adopted, how they are implemented and monitored                Care for Employees

                                                                                          5.2 People-oriented Practice
                       General Disclosure                                                     Training and Development
      B3:Development
      and Training
                               The percentage of employees trained by gender and          5.2 People-oriented Practice
                       B3.1    employee category                                              Training and Development

                                                                                          5.1 People-oriented Practice
                       General Disclosure                                                     Compliant Employment

      B4: Labour               Description of measures to review employment practices     5.1 People-oriented Practice
                       B4.1
      Standards                to avoid child and forced labour                               Compliant Employment

                               Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices     5.1 People-oriented Practice
                       B4.2    when discovered                                                Compliant Employment

                                                                                          6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                       General Disclosure                                                     Benefits
                                                                                              Supplier Management

      B5: Supply                                                                          6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
      Chain            B5.1    Number of suppliers by geographical region                     Benefits
      Management                                                                              Supplier Management

                                                                                          6.1 Cooperation and Mutual
                               Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,
                       B5.2                                                                   Benefits
                               how they are implemented and monitored                         Supplier Management




83   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)




Appendix 1 CMS Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Index -continued

     Environmental, Social and Governance General Disclosure and KPIs                    Corresponding Chapter

Social

                 General Disclosure                                                   4 Product Liability

                                                                                      4.1 Product Liability
                         Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to          Guarantee the Safety and
                 B6.1    recalls for safety and health reasons                            Quality of Products and
                                                                                          Services

                                                                                      4.1 Product Liability
                         How they are dealt with the products and service related         Guarantee the Safety and
                 B6.2    complaints received                                              Quality of Products and
                                                                                          Services
B6: Product
Responsibility                                                                        4.2 Product Liability
                         Description of practices relating to observing and
                 B6.3                                                                     Protection of Intellectual
                         protecting intellectual property rights                          Properties

                                                                                      4.1 Product Liability
                         Description of quality assurance process and recall              Guarantee the Safety and
                 B6.4    procedures                                                       Quality of Products and
                                                                                          Services

                                                                                      4.1 Product Liability
                         Description of consumer data protection and privacy              Guarantee the Safety and
                 B6.5    policies, how they are implemented and monitored                 Quality of Products and
                                                                                          Services

                                                                                      3.1 Compliance Operation
                 General Disclosure                                                       Anti-corruption

                         Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt
B7: Anti-                                                                             3.1 Compliance Operation
                 B7.1    practices brought against the issuer or its employees
corruption                                                                                Anti-corruption
                         during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases

                         Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing       3.1 Compliance Operation
                 B7.2    procedures, how they are implemented and monitored               Anti-corruption

                 General Disclosure                                                   8 Community Dedication

B8: Community    B8.1    Focus areas of contribution                                  8 Community Dedication
Investment

                 B8.2    Resources contributed                                        8 Community Dedication




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       84
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     Appendix 2 CMS Environmental KPIs

                                                                                                                     Year 20175
                                     KPIs                                                Unit                                                      Year 2018
                                                                                                                     (adjusted)

         Air Pollutant

         Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)                                                              Kg                           1,981.2                        237.1

         Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                              Kg                           5,390.6                      2,350.4

         Particulate Matter (PM)                                                           Kg                            392.3                         354.7

         Wastewater and Pollutant

         Wastewater                                                                        m3                          83,689.5                     86,539.4

         Wastewater intensity                                                     m3/million RMB                         15.00                         14.11

         Ammonia Nitrogen (NH3-N)                                                         Ton                      Non-disclosure                       0.1

         Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)                                                     Ton                      Non-disclosure                       0.9

         GHG

         Total GHG emission (Scope 1+2)                                               Ton CO2 e                        10,918.4                      9,809.8

         Total GHG emission intensity6                                       Ton CO2e/million RMB                         1.96                          1.60

               Direct GHG emission (Scope 1)                                          Ton CO2 e                         7,157.3                      5,566.7

               Indirect GHG emission (Scope 2)                                        Ton CO2 e                         3,761.1                      4,243.1

         Solid Waste

         Hazardous waste                                                                  Ton                              0.3                          0.2

         Hazardous waste intensity7                                              Ton/million RMB                       0.00005                       0.00003

         Non-hazardous waste                                                              Ton                            123.3                       1,782.0

         Non-hazardous waste intensity8                                          Ton/million RMB                          0.02                          0.29



     5
         To ensure the comparability over the year, all the intensity of KPIs were adjusted for the Year 2017, that is, the total emissions or usage amount divided by the
          sales revenue (unit in RMB million) after excluding the “two-invoice system” in that year.
     6
         During the Reporting Period, the energy consumption structure of the Group was changed, and the Group preferred the clean energy. All the other energy
         consumptions were decreased except natural gas, thus reducing GHG emissions and its intensity.
     7
         During the Reporting Period, Pingshan factory was not required to produce any Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient due to the changes of the R&D testing
         arrangement, leading to little pharmaceutical waste produced and decreasing emission volume of hazardous waste and its intensity compared with the Year
         2017.
     8
         As the improvement of the Group’s level of refined ESG management and ESG information disclosure, the emission volume of herb residues and sewage
         sludge is disclosed in the Report of the Year 2018, leading to increasing emission volume of total non-hazardous wastes and its intensity over the Year 2017.



85   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                                                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)




     Appendix 2 CMS Environmental KPIs -continued

                                                                                                            Year 2017
                                 KPIs                                            Unit                                                    Year 2018
                                                                                                            (adjusted)
     Energy

     Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                                 kWh                      Non-disclosure               29,758,236.2
     energy consumption
     Conversion of electricity for comprehensive
                                                                         kWh/million RMB                  Non-disclosure                  4,850.96
     energy consumption intensity

          Outsourced electricity                                                 kWh                        6,462,835.1                 7,079,280.2

          Outsourced electricity intensity                               kWh/million RMB                      1,158.50                    1,154.01

          Natural gas                                                              m3                        651,197.0                   954,116.0

          Natural gas intensity9                                          m3/million RMB                       116.73                      155.53

          Alcohol-based liquid fuel                                               Ton                          2,493.7                     1,842.8

          Alcohol-based liquid fuel intensity10                           Ton/million RMB                        0.45                        0.30

          Gasoline                                                                Liter                       82,756.6                    77,640.0

          Gasoline intensity                                             Liter/million RMB                      14.83                       12.66

          Diesel oil                                                              Liter                        3,896.0                     3,111.6

          Diesel oil intensity11                                         Liter/million RMB                       0.70                        0.51

          Liquefied gas                                                            Kg                     Non-disclosure                    480.0

          Liquefied gas intensity                                         Kg/million RMB                  Non-disclosure                     0.08

     Water Resource

     Total water consumption                                                       m3                        133,140.3                   148,634.2

     Total water consumption intensity                                    m3/million RMB                        23.87                       24.23

     Packaging Materials

     Total packaging material                                                     Ton                           451.8                       544.1

     Total packaging material intensity                                   Ton/million RMB                        0.08                        0.09



9
     During the Reporting period, the production volume in Kangzhe Hunan obviously increased, leading to an augmentation of natural gas consumption and its
     intensity compared with the Year 2017.
10
     During the Reporting period, the production volume of Hebei Xili decreased compared to the last year, so the consumption of alcohol-based liquid and its
     intensity decreased year-on-year.
11
     During the Reporting period, Hunan Agriculture and Livestock adopted effective savings measures of diesel usage, so the consumption of diesel oil and its
     intensity decreased compared with the Year 2017.

                                                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                     86
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     (CONTINUED)




     Appendix 3 CMS Social KPIs


                                         KPIs                                        Unit       Year 2018

      Care for Employees

      Work-related deaths                                                           Person         0

      Proportion of employees had health checks of their own free will                %           100

      Training and Development

      Employee training coverage                                                      %           100

      Supplier Management

      Total suppliers                                                              Number          87

          Mainland suppliers                                                       Number          75

          HK SAR, Macau SAR, Taiwan and overseas suppliers                         Number          12

      Guarantee the Safety and Quality of Products and Services

      Response and handling rate for complaints                                       %           100
      Percentage of sold and delivered product recalls due to safety and health
                                                                                      %            0
      problems
      Anti-corruption

      Corruption lawsuits                                                          Number          0

      Participation in Public Service Activities

      Total donation amount for public service activities                         Million RMB      0.2




87   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 94 to 180, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (the “HKCO.”).


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         88
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Key Audit Matters - continued

      Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Impairment of Goodwill


      We identified the impairment of goodwill as a key audit      Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill
      matter due to the involvement of significant judgment        included:
      of the management in determining the impairment of
      goodwill.                                                    •     Making inquiries with management on their
                                                                         bases and assumptions used in relation to the
      The impairment of goodwill is determined based on the              preparation of the value in use calculation;
      higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use
                                                                   •     Checking the mathematical accuracy of the value
      of the cash generating units, which is based on the
                                                                         in use calculation;
      cash flow forecasts prepared by management. The
      impairment model is sensitive to changes in the key          •     Evaluating the reasonableness of the key
      assumptions including growth rates, discount rates and             assumptions including growth rates, discount
      the forecast performance based on management’s view                rate and the forecast performance used by the
      of future business prospects.                                      management with reference to the historical
                                                                         performance;
      As at 31 December 2018, the carrying value of goodwill
      was RMB1,385 million. Details relating to the Group’s        •     Checking the inputs used in the cash flow
                                                                         forecast against supporting documentation; and
      goodwill and key sources of estimation uncertainty
      are set out in Note 18 and Note 4 to the consolidated
                                                                   •     Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
      financial statements.                                              management on discount rate and growth rates
                                                                         to assess the extent of impact on the value in use
                                                                         calculation.




89   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Key Audit Matters - continued

 Key audit matter                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of Interest in an Associate

 We identified the impairment of interest in T ibet             Our procedures in relation to the impairment of interest
 Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“T ibet               in an associate included:
 Pharmaceutical”), an associate of the Group as a key audit
 matter due to the involvement of significant judgment          •      Obtaining an understanding of the
 of the management in determining the impairment of                    management’s bases and assumptions used
 interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical and its significance to the          in relation to the preparation of the value in
 consolidated financial statements.                                    use calculation reviewed by an independent
                                                                       professional external valuer;
 The impairment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical is
                                                                •      Checking the mathematical accuracy of the
 determined based on the higher of fair value less costs
                                                                       value in use calculation;
 to sell and value in use, which is based on the cash flow
 forecast prepared by the management. The impairment            •      Assessing the reasonableness of key inputs
 model is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions                  and assumptions used by management
 including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast                in estimations of value in use, including
 performance based on the management’s view of future                  growth rates, discount rate and the forecast
 business prospects.                                                   performance used by the management with
                                                                       reference to the historical performance;
 As at 31 December 2018, the carrying value of the
                                                                •      Checking the inputs used in the cash flow
 Group’s interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical was RMB2,491
                                                                       forecast against supporting documentations;
 million. Details relating to the Group’s interest in Tibet
 Pharmaceutical and key sources of estimation uncertainty       •      Evaluating the independent professional
 are set out in Note 16 and Note 4 to the consolidated                 external valuer’s competence, capabilities and
 financial statements.                                                 objectivity;

                                                                •      Evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by
                                                                       the management on discount rate and growth
                                                                       rates to assess the extent of impact on the
                                                                       value in use calculation; and

                                                                •      Involving our internal valuation specialists to
                                                                       review and assess whether the valuation model
                                                                       used by the independent professional external
                                                                       valuer was appropriate and whether the key
                                                                       assumptions, including discount rate, used in
                                                                       the valuation model were reasonable.


                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        90
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Other Information

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
     Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the HKCO., and
     for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
     statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
     do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
     assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
     always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
     users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

91   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
康哲藥業控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

       •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
              due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
              evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
              a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
              involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

       •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
              that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
              effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

       •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
              estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

       •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
              and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
              conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
              conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
              the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
              to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
              auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
              going concern.

       •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
              including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
              transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

       •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
              activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
              responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
              responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.




                                                                                 CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            92
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
     (CONTINUED)




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED - continued
     康哲藥業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements - continued

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Gladys Fung Suet Ngan.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     18 March 2019




93   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
            Consolidated Statement of Profit or
          Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                        NOTES               2018              2017
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

Turnover                                                  5              5,433,449         5,348,838
Cost of goods sold                                                      (1,516,575)       (1,870,537)
Gross profit                                                             3,916,874         3,478,301
Other gains and losses                                    6                   (5,611)         (61,216)
Selling expenses                                                        (1,672,595)       (1,382,150)
Administrative expenses                                                   (243,265)         (221,974)
Finance costs                                             7                 (71,885)          (82,250)
Share of results of associates                                               82,856            77,722
Profit before tax                                                       2,006,374         1,808,433
Income tax expense                                       10              (161,776)         (138,494)
Profit for the year                                      11             1,844,598         1,669,939
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
  Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                      (14,065)                 -
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
  Share of other comprehensive income (expense)
   of associates                                                            23,168            (5,157)
  Exchange differences arising from translation of
   foreign operations                                                          211                 -
  Fair value loss on available-for-sale investment                               -            (3,271)
  Change in fair value on cash flow hedges
   - fair value gain                                                         4,121           12,023
   - deferred tax relating to change in fair value                            (680)           (1,984)
Other comprehensive income
 for the year, net of income tax                                            12,755             1,611
Total comprehensive income for the year                                 1,857,353         1,671,550
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                  1,849,883         1,674,807
 Non-controlling interests                                                  (5,285)           (4,868)
                                                                        1,844,598         1,669,939
Total comprehensive income (expense)
 for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                  1,862,638         1,676,418
 Non-controlling interests                                                  (5,285)           (4,868)
                                                                        1,857,353         1,671,550
                                                                              RMB              RMB
Earnings per share                                       13
 Basic                                                                      0.7441           0.6734




                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    94
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     AT 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                           NOTES      2018        2017
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000
     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                         14       478,268     479,080
      Prepaid lease payments                                15        61,667      58,868
      Interests in associates                               16     2,491,478   2,412,387
      Intangible assets                                     17     2,554,075   2,720,326
      Goodwill                                              18     1,384,535   1,384,535
      Equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                          19      241,232           -
      Available-for-sale investment                         20            -      23,020
      Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets    22       95,262      72,142
      Derivative financial instruments                      30       32,866      12,023
      Deferred tax assets                                   29       20,712      26,882
                                                                   7,360,095   7,189,263
     Current assets
      Inventories                                           21       434,661     460,401
      Trade and other receivables                           22     1,718,754   1,487,392
      Tax recoverable                                                  8,296       5,135
      Amount due from an associate                          23       169,565     151,023
      Bank balances and cash                                24       815,081     855,629
                                                                   3,146,357   2,959,580
     Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                              25      382,215     506,826
      Contract liabilities                                  26        5,469           -
      Bank borrowings                                       27       25,000      65,000
      Deferred consideration payables                       28        8,847       8,802
      Tax payable                                                   129,314      77,516
                                                                    550,845     658,144
     Net current assets                                            2,595,512   2,301,436
     Total assets less current liabilities                         9,955,607   9,490,699
     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                         31        84,963      85,200
      Reserves                                                     8,270,823   7,189,483
     Equity attributable to owners of
      the Company                                                  8,355,786   7,274,683
     Non-controlling interests                                        48,289      53,574
                                                                   8,404,075   7,328,257




95   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                             AT 31 December 2018




                                                               NOTES                2018                2017
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                        29               101,411             104,498
 Deferred consideration payables                                 28                 9,926              17,896
 Bank borrowings                                                 27             1,440,195           2,040,048
                                                                                1,551,532           2,162,442
                                                                                9,955,607           9,490,699




The consolidated financial statements on pages 94 to 180 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 18 March 2019 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         LAM Kong                                      CHEN Yanling
                         DIRECTOR	                                      DIRECTOR




                                                                       CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       96
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equlity
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                               Attributable
                                                                 Surplus                     Investments                                                         to non-
                                          Share    Share Capital reserve Translation Hedging revaluation Accumulated Dividend                                  controlling
                                         capital premium reserve  fund    reserve    reserve   reserve     profits   reserve  Sub-total                         interests   Total
                                        RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                                         RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                                 (Note 32) (Note 32)


     Balance at 1 January 2017            85,200    2,444,296      19,545     176,437    (8,890)        -          -    3,203,278    289,516     6,209,382         58,442     6,267,824

     Profit (loss) for the year                -            -           -           -         -         -          -    1,674,807           -    1,674,807          (4,868)   1,669,939
     Share of other comprehensive
      expense of associates                    -            -           -           -    (5,157)        -          -            -           -       (5,157)              -       (5,157)
     Fair value loss on available-for
      -sale investment                         -            -           -           -         -         -     (3,271)           -           -       (3,271)              -       (3,271)
     Change in fair value on cash
      flow hedges
      - fair value gain                        -            -           -           -         -    12,023          -            -           -       12,023               -       12,023
      - deferred tax relating to
        change in fair value                   -            -           -           -         -    (1,984)         -            -           -       (1,984)              -       (1,984)

     Total comprehensive (expense)
      income for the year                      -            -           -           -    (5,157)   10,039     (3,271)   1,674,807           -    1,676,418          (4,868)   1,671,550
     Dividends paid (Note 12)                  -            -           -           -         -         -          -     (321,601)   (289,516)    (611,117)              -     (611,117)
     Dividends proposed (Note 12)              -            -           -           -         -         -          -     (346,474)   346,474              -              -             -
     Transfer of reserves                      -            -           -      56,833         -         -          -      (56,833)          -             -              -             -

     Balance at 31 December 2017          85,200    2,444,296      19,545     233,270   (14,047)   10,039     (3,271)   4,153,177    346,474     7,274,683         53,574     7,328,257

     Profit (loss) for the year                -            -           -           -         -         -          -    1,849,883           -    1,849,883          (5,285)   1,844,598
     Share of other comprehensive
      income of associates                     -            -           -           -   23,168          -          -            -           -       23,168               -       23,168
     Exchange differences arising
      from translation of
      foreign operations                       -            -           -           -      211          -          -            -           -          211               -          211
     Fair value loss on equity
      instruments at fair value
      through other comprehensive
      income                                   -            -           -           -         -         -    (14,065)           -           -      (14,065)              -      (14,065)
     Change in fair value on cash
      flow hedges
      - fair value gain                        -            -           -           -         -     4,121          -            -           -        4,121               -        4,121
      - deferred tax relating to
        change in fair value                   -            -           -           -         -      (680)         -            -           -         (680)              -         (680)

     Total comprehensive
      income (expense) for the year            -            -           -           -   23,379      3,441    (14,065)   1,849,883           -    1,862,638          (5,285)   1,857,353
     Repurchase of ordinary shares          (237)     (52,783)          -           -        -          -          -            -           -       (53,020)             -       (53,020)
     Dividends paid (Note 12)                  -            -           -           -         -         -          -     (382,041)   (346,474)    (728,515)              -     (728,515)
     Dividends proposed (Note 12)              -            -           -           -         -         -          -     (355,691)   355,691              -              -             -
     Transfer of reserves                      -            -           -      97,701         -         -          -      (97,701)          -             -              -             -

     Balance at 31 December 2018          84,963    2,391,513      19,545     330,971    9,332     13,480    (17,336)   5,167,627    355,691     8,355,786         48,289     8,404,075




97   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                         Consolidated Statement of
                                                       Cash Flows
                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018



                                                     NOTES               2018              2017
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                    2,006,374          1,808,433
Adjustments for:
 Amortisation of intangible assets                    17               166,251           165,271
 Interest expenses                                                      70,029            79,524
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        14                32,743            31,147
 Allowance for inventories                                              34,471             2,952
 Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                       1,697                21
 Release of prepaid lease payments                                       1,745             1,673
 Imputed interest expense on deferred
   consideration payables                                                 1,856             2,726
 Allowance for credit losses                                                  -             3,732
 Share of results of associates                                         (82,856)          (77,722)
 Interest income                                                        (26,076)          (17,654)
 Net foreign exchange loss                                               53,113            98,534
Gain on fair value changes of derivative financial
  instruments                                                           (16,722)                 -

Operating cash flows before movements in
  Working capital                                                    2,242,625          2,098,637
(Increase) decrease in inventories                                      (51,263)            45,651
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables                    (230,909)           192,040
Increase in amount due from an associate                                (18,542)           (30,682)
Decrease in trade and other payables                                    (75,622)           (73,823)
Decrease in contract liabilities                                           (988)                 -

Cash generated from operations                                       1,865,301          2,231,823
People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) Enterprise
 Income Tax paid                                                       (107,688)         (155,478)
Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                (3,048)           (4,547)

Net cash from operating activities                                   1,754,565          2,071,798




                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED    98
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




                                                       NOTES       2018           2017
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                             26,076          6,615
     Dividends received from associates                            26,933         23,539
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                    (33,855)       (76,624)
     Purchase of prepaid lease payment                              (4,997)            -
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
       and equipment                                                  227            898
     Repayment of loan to an associate                                  -       717,764
     Purchase of available-for-sale investment                          -        (26,291)
     Payments for acquisitions of equity
       instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                               (230,953)               -
     Subscription of additional ordinary shares
       of an associate                                                   -    (1,000,000)
     Deposits for acquisition of
       intangible assets                                          (23,120)              -

     NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                      (239,689)       (354,099)

     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     New bank borrowings raised                                    25,000      4,368,836
     Repayment of deferred consideration payables                   (9,807)   (1,072,889)
     Interest paid                                                (70,029)        (79,524)
     Dividends paid                                     12      (728,515)       (611,117)
     Repayment of bank borrowings                               (717,940)     (3,950,368)
     Payment on repurchase of shares                              (53,020)              -

     NET CASH USED IN FINANCING
      ACTIVITIES                                               (1,554,311)    (1,345,062)

     NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND
      CASH EQUIVALENTS                                            (39,435)      372,637

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE
      BEGINNING OF YEAR                                          855,629        482,451
     Effects of exchange rate changes on the balance
      of cash held in foreign currencies                           (1,113)           541

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT THE END
      OF YEAR REPRESENTED BY BANK
       BALANCES AND CASH                                24       815,081        855,629




99   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                      STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




1.   GENERAL
     China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
     limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 18 December 2006. On 26 June 2007, the Company was listed on
     the Alternative Investment Market (“AIM”) operated by the London Stock Exchange plc. The Company was
     listed on the Main Board operated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 28 September 2010 and
     it was delisted from the AIM on the same date. The Company’s ultimate holding company and immediate
     holding company is Treasure Sea Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The address of
     the Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.
     The address of its principal place of business is Unit 2106, 21/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North
     Point, Hong Kong.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are production of
     medicines, marketing, promotion and sale of drugs.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency
     of the Company and majority of its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”).


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

     New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting
     Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time in the current year:



     IFRS 9                                          Financial Instruments
     IFRS 15                                         Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the related
                                                      Amendments
     IFRIC 22                                        Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
                                                      Consideration
     Amendments to IFRS 2                            Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                                      Transactions
     Amendments to IFRS 4                            Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4
                                                      Insurance Contracts
     Amendments to IAS 28                            As part of the Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards
                                                      2014 - 2016 Cycle
     Amendments to IAS 40                            Transfers of Investment Property


     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
     no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on
     the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        100
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
            New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year -
            continued

            2.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                  The Group has applied IFRS 15 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 15 superseded IAS 18
                  Revenue, IAS 11 Construction Contracts and the related interpretations.

                  The Group has applied IFRS 15 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this
                  Standard recognised at the date of initial application, 1 January 2018. Any difference at the date of initial
                  application is recognised in the opening retained profits (or other components of equity, as appropriate)
                  and comparative information has not been restated. Furthermore, in accordance with the transition
                  provisions in IFRS 15, the Group has elected to apply the Standard retrospectively only to contracts
                  that are not completed at 1 January 2018. Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be
                  comparable as comparative information was prepared under IAS 18 Revenue and IAS 11 Construction
                  Contracts and the related interpretations.

                  The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources which arise from contracts with
                  customers:

                  •       Sales of pharmaceutical products
                  •       Promotion of pharmaceutical products

                  Information about the Group’s performance obligations and the accounting policies resulting from
                  application of IFRS 15 are disclosed in notes 5 and 3, respectively.

                  Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15

                  The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of
                  financial position at January 1, 2018. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been
                  included.

                                                                        Carrying                                 Carrying
                                                                       amounts                                  amounts
                                                                       previously                                 under
                                                                      reported at                              IFRS 15 at
                                                                     31 December                                1 January
                                                         Note            2017           Reclassification          2018
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000
                    Current liabilities
                    Trade and other payables              (a)               506,826                (6,457)           500,369
                    Contract liabilities                  (a)                     -                 6,457              6,457


                  Note:

                  (a)	As at 1 January 2018, the date of initial application, advance from customers of RMB6,457,000
                       in respect of sales of pharmaceutical products previously included in trade and other payables
                       were reclassified to contract liabilities of RMB6,457,000 upon application of IFRS 15.

101   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year -
     continued

     2.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers - continued
           The following tables summarise the impacts of applying IFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated statement
           of financial position as at 31 December 2018 for each of the line items affected. Line items that were not
           affected by the changes have not been included.

                                                                                                        Amounts
                                                                                                         without
                                                                       As                              application
                                                                    reported         Adjustment        of IFRS 15
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

            Current liabilities
            Trade and other payables                                    382,215              5,469          387,684
            Contract liabilities                                          5,469             (5,469)               -

            Impact on the consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                                                        Amounts
                                                                                                         without
                                                                       As                              application
                                                                    reported         Adjustment        of IFRS 15
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

            Operating activities
            Decrease in trade and other
             payables                                                    (75,622)             (988)          (76,610)
            Decrease in contract liabilities                                (988)              988                 -



     2.2   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           In the current year, the Group has applied IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related consequential
           amendments to other IFRSs. IFRS 9 introduces new requirements for 1) the classification and
           measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, 2) expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial
           assets, and 3) general hedge accounting.

           The Group has applied IFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in IFRS 9, i.e. applied
           the classification and measurement requirements (including impairment under ECL model) retrospectively
           to instruments that have not been derecognised as at 1 January 2018 (date of initial application) and has
           not applied the requirements to instruments that have already been derecognised as at 1 January 2018.

           Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information was
           prepared under IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         102
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
            New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year -
            continued

            2.2   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments - continued
                  In addition, the Group applied the hedge accounting prospectively. The Group elected to continue
                  applying hedge accounting requirements under IAS 39.

                  Accounting policies resulting from application of IFRS 9 are disclosed in note 3.

                  Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 9
                  The table below illustrates the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
                  under IFRS 9 and IAS 39 at the date of initial application, 1 January 2018.

                                                                                Equity instrument
                                                                                   at fair value
                                                                                  through other
                                                                     Available-  comprehensive Investments
                                                                      for-sale        income      revaluation Accumulated
                                                            Note    investment      (“FVTOCI”)      reserve     profits
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

                    Closing balance at
                     31 December 2017 - IAS39                            23,020                   -        (3,271)    4,153,177
                    Effect arising from initial
                     application of IFRS 9:                   (a)       (23,020)            23,020              -             -
                    Opening balance at 1 January 2018                         -             23,020         (3,271)    4,153,177

                  Notes:

                  (a)	Available-for-sale (“AFS”) investment

                           From AFS equity investment to FVTOCI

                           The Group elected to present in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) for the fair value changes of
                           all its equity investment previously classified as available-for-sale. This investment is not held for
                           trading and not expected to be sold in the foreseeable future. At the date of initial application of
                           IFRS 9, RMB23,020,000 was reclassified from available-for-sale investment to equity instrument
                           at FVTOCI. The fair value losses of RMB3,271,000 relating to this investment previously carried at
                           fair value continued to accumulate in investments revaluation reserve.

                  (b)      Hedge accounting

                           At the date of the initial application, hedging relationships that qualified for hedge accounting in
                           accordance with IAS 39 are regarded as continuing hedging relationship if all qualifying criteria
                           under IFRS 9 are met, after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship on
                           transition. Consistent with prior periods, the Group has continued to designate the full change in
                           the fair value of a forward contract (i.e. including the forward elements) as the hedging instrument
                           for all of its hedging relationships involving forward contracts. As such, the application of the
                           hedge accounting requirements of IFRS 9 had not resulted in adjustments to comparative figures.

103   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year -
     continued

     2.3     Impacts on opening consolidated statement of financial position arising from the
             application of all new standards
             As a result of the changes in the Group’s accounting policies above, the opening consolidated statement
             of financial position had to be restated. The following table show the adjustments recognised for each of
             the line items affected. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.

                                                                31 December                                             1 January
                                                                     2017            IFRS 15            IFRS 9             2018
                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                   (Audited)                                            (Restated)

             Current assets
             AFS investment                                             23,020                   -          (23,020)               -
             Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                    -                   -           23,020           23,020

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                  506,826             (6,457)                -         500,369
             Contract liabilities                                            -              6,457                 -           6,457



     New and Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:

     IFRS 16                                       Leases1
     IFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts3
     IFRIC 23                                      Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
     Amendments to IFRS 3                          Definition of a Business4
     Amendments to IFRS 9                          Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
     Amendments to IFRS 10                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
       and IAS 28                                    its Associate or Joint Venture2
     Amendments to IAS 1                           Definition of Material5
       and IAS 8
     Amendments to IAS 19                          Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
     Amendments to IAS 28                          Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
     Amendments to IFRSs                           Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015 - 2017 Cycle1


     1
       	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019
     2
       	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     3
       	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
     4
       	Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the
         first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020
     5
       	Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020



                                                                                     CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED              104
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
            REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
            New and Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective - continued
            Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
            the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
            financial statements in the foreseeable future.

            IFRS 16 Leases

            IFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and accounting
            treatments for both lessors and lessees. IFRS 16 will supersede IAS 17 Leases and the related interpretations
            when it becomes effective.

            IFRS 16 distinguishes lease and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled by
            a customer. In addition, IFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback transactions to be determined based on the
            requirements of IFRS 15 as to whether the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as a sale. IFRS
            16 also includes requirements relating to subleases and lease modifications.

            Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is replaced by a
            model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by lessees,
            except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

            The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain
            exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the
            lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid
            at that date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as well as the impact
            of lease modifications, amongst others. For the classification of cash flows, the operating lease payments are
            presented as operating cash flows. Upon application of IFRS 16, lease payments in relation to lease liability will
            be allocated into a principal and an interest portion which will be presented as financing and operating cash
            flows respectively by the Group.

            Under IAS 17, the Group has already recognised an asset and a related finance lease liability for finance lease
            arrangement and prepaid lease payments for leasehold lands where the Group is a lessee. The application
            of IFRS 16 may result in potential changes in classification of these assets depending on whether the Group
            presents right-of-use assets separately or within the same line item at which the corresponding underlying
            assets would be presented if they were owned.

            Other than certain requirements which are also applicable to lessor, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the
            lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17, and continues to require a lessor to classify a lease either as an
            operating lease or a finance lease.

            Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by IFRS 16.




105   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) - continued
     IFRS 16 Leases - continued
     As at 31 December 2018, the Group had non-cancellable operating lease commitments of approximately
     RMB10,441,000 as disclosed in note 37. A preliminary assessment indicates that these arrangements will
     meet the definition of a lease. Upon application of IFRS 16, the Group will recognise a right-of-use asset and a
     corresponding liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases.

     In addition, the Group currently considers refundable rental deposits paid of RMB879,000 as rights and
     obligations under leases to which IAS 17 applies. Based on the definition of lease payments under IFRS 16,
     such deposits are not payments relating to the right to use the underlying assets, accordingly, the carrying
     amounts of such deposits may be adjusted to amortised cost. Adjustments to refundable rental deposits paid
     would be considered as additional lease payments and included in the carrying amount of right-of- use assets.
     Adjustments to refundable rental deposits received would be considered as advance lease payments.

     The application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and disclosure as
     indicated above. The Group intends to elect the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were
     previously identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a
     Lease and not apply this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease applying
     IAS 17 and IFRIC 4. Therefore, the Group will not reassess whether the contracts are, or contain a lease which
     already existed prior to the date of initial application. Furthermore, the Group intends to elect the modified
     retrospective approach for the application of IFRS 16 as lessee and will recognise the cumulative effect of initial
     application to opening retained profits without restating comparative information.

     Amendments to IAS 28 Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
     The amendments clarify that an entity applies IFRS 9, including the impairment requirements, to long- term
     interests in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied that form part of the net
     investment in the investee. Furthermore, in applying IFRS 9 to long-term interests, an entity does not take into
     account adjustments to their carrying amount required by IAS 28 (i.e. adjustments to the carrying amount
     of long-term interests arising from the allocation of losses of the investee or assessment of impairment in
     accordance with IAS 28).

     The application is not expected to have impact as the Group’s existing accounting policies are consistent with
     the requirements clarified by the amendments.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          106
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. In
            addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
            the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong
            Companies Ordinance (“HKCO”).

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
            financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
            accounting policies set out below.

            Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
            services.

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
            observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability,
            the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take
            those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
            measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
            basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment,
            leasing transactions that are within the scope of IAS 17 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities
            to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36
            Impairment of Assets.

            In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based
            on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
            inputs to the fair value measurements in its entirety, which are described as follows:

            •      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                   entity can access at the measurement date;
            •      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
                   asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
            •      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

            The principal accounting policies are set out below.

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

            •      has power over the investee;
            •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
            •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




107   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Basis of consolidation - continued

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
     changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
     Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
     of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
     from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
     Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
     balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
     represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
     relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

     Goodwill

     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
     business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
     (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
     represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger
     than an operating segment.

     A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
     impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
     arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units)
     to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
     recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
     amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each
     asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          108
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Goodwill - continued

            On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
            generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit
            or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-
            generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
            the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the
            cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

            The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

            Investments in associates

            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
            participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
            those policies.

            The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements
            using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting
            purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events
            in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the
            consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
            the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate
            other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted
            in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds
            the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of
            the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses.
            Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations
            or made payments on behalf of the associate.

            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
            becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
            investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee
            is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
            Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
            reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

            When the Group acquires additional interest in an investee such that it has become an associate after additional
            acquisition, the investment in the associate is initially recognised at cost, which is the sum of the fair value
            of the previously held interest at the date when significant influence is obtained and the consideration paid/
            payable for the additional interest. The Group has adopted an accounting policy to reclassify to profit or loss
            the cumulative gain or loss in relation to the available-for-sale (“AFS”) investments previously held by the Group
            up to the date when significant influence is obtained which has been previously accumulated in the investments
            revaluation reserve by analogy to IFRS 3 Business Combination, i.e. treat the transaction as if the original
            investment was disposed of for fair value and the Group acquired an associate for the first time.


109   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Investments in associates - continued

     When the associate is acquired in stages, goodwill is calculated at the time at which the investment becomes
     an associate and the goodwill is calculated as the difference between the cost of the investment and the
     Group’s share of the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets and liabilities.

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
     When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested
     for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
     amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
     loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment
     loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment
     subsequently increases.

     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions
     with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests
     in the associate that are not related to the Group.

     Intangible assets

     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over
     their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each
     reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
     recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are
     reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis
     as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

     An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use
     or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
     between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when
     the asset is derecognised.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          110
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Property, plant and equipment

            Property, plant and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services,
            or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress) are stated in the consolidated statement of
            financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment
            losses, if any.

            Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
            less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing
            costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the
            appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use.
            Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are
            ready for their intended use.

            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress) less their
            residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
            residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any
            changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
            are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
            of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
            the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




111   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of
     goodwill above)

     At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible
     assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an
     impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in
     order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

     The recoverable amount of tangible and intangible assets are estimated individually, when it is not possible to
     estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the
     cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can
     be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are
     allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
     can be identified.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
     use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
     reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-
     generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
     In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
     goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each
     asset in the unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs
     of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that
     would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit. An
     impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is
     increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does
     not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for
     the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in
     profit or loss.

     Prepaid lease payments

     Prepaid lease payments represent the cost of land use rights paid to the local land bureau of the PRC
     Government.

     Land use rights are stated at cost and are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period for
     which the relevant land use right has been granted to the Group.

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a
     weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
     estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.



                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         112
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Financial instruments

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
            provisions of the instruments.

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for the trade receivables
            arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 since 1
            January 2018. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
            financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
            appropriate, on initial recognition.

            Effective interest method
            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
            liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
            rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
            paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums
            or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
            period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

            Interest income is recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments.

            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in accordance with
            transitions in note 2)
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                    and

            •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                    interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

            •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
                    contractual cash flows and selling; and

            •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                    interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that
            at the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in OCI if that equity investment is neither held for
            trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3
            Business Combinations applies.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
            amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
            mismatch.


113   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Financial instruments - continued

     Financial assets - continued

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in accordance with
     transitions in note 2) - continued

     (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

            Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
            subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments / receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI.
            For financial instruments, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
            carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
            impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest
            income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset
            from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves
            so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
            effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the
            reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

     (ii)	Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

            Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
            and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the investment
            revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not
            be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained
            profits.

            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
            right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of
            the cost of the investment.

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2)

     The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS
     9 (including trade receivables). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit
     risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
     expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment
     are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
     debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
     as well as the forecast of future conditions.


                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          114
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Financial instruments - continued

            Financial assets - continued

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2) - continued

            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing component. The
            ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
            has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
            assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
            risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

            (i)	Significant increase in credit risk

                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                   risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
                   assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                   supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
                   undue cost or effort.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                   increased significantly:

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                          internal credit rating;
                   •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
                          credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                   •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                   •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                          debt obligations.

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                   increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                   due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

            	The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
              significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
              of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




115   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Financial instruments - continued

     Financial assets - continued

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2) - continued

     (ii)    Definition of default

             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
             developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
             creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
             than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
             that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

     	A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on
       the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
       credit- impaired includes observable data about the following events:

             (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
             (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
             (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                 difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                 consider;
             (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
             (e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

     (iv)	Write-off policy

     	The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
       is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
       counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the
       case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over 3 years past due, whichever occurs sooner.
       Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery
       procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
       event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          116
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Financial instruments - continued

            Financial assets - continued

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2) - continued

            (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL

                   The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                   of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                   and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
                   ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks
                   of default occurring as the weights.

                   Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                   accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                   effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                   Where lifetime ECL is measured on a collective basis to cater for cases where evidence of significant
                   increases in credit risk at the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments
                   are grouped on the following basis:

                    •     Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables are each assessed
                          as a separate group. Loans to related parties are assessed for expected credit losses on an
                          individual basis);
                    •     Past-due status;
                    •     Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                   The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
                   share similar credit risk characteristics.

                   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                   financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of
                   the financial asset.

                   The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
                   their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is
                   recognised through a loss allowance account.




117   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Financial instruments - continued

     Financial assets - continued

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January
     2018)

     Financial assets are classified into AFS financial assets and loans and receivables. The classification depends
     on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition. All regular
     way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
     way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time
     frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

     AFS financial assets

     AFS financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated as AFS or are not classified as (a) loans and
     receivables, (b) held-to-maturity investments or (c) financial assets at FVTPL.

     Equity and debt securities held by the Group that are classified as AFS financial assets are measured at fair
     value at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the carrying amount of AFS debt instruments relating
     to interest income calculated using the effective interest method, are recognised in profit or loss. Dividends
     on AFS equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the dividends
     is established. Other changes in the carrying amount of AFS financial assets are recognised in other
     comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve. When the
     investment is disposed of or is determined to be impaired, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated
     in the investments revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          118
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Financial instruments - continued

            Financial assets - continued

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January
            2018) - continued

            Loans and receivables

            Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not
            quoted in an active market. Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and receivables (including trade and other
            receivables, amount due from an associate and bank balances and cash) are measured at amortised cost
            using the effective interest method, less any impairment (see accounting policy on impairment loss on financial
            assets below).

            Interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate, except for short-term receivables where the
            recognition of interest would be immaterial.

            Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018)

            Financial assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of each reporting period. Financial assets
            are considered to be impaired when then is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that
            occurred after the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the financial assets
            have been affected.

            For AFS equity investments, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is
            considered to be objective evidence of impairment.

            For all other financial assets, objective evidence of impairment could include:

            •      significant financial difficulty of the issuer or counterparty; or
            •      breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments; or
            •      it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or financial re-organisation.

            Objective evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could include the Group’s past experience of
            collecting payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments in the portfolio past the average credit
            period, observable changes in national or local economic conditions that correlate with default on receivables.

            For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment loss recognised is the difference
            between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at
            the financial asset’s original effective interest rate.

            The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
            with the exception of trade receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use of an allowance
            account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are recognised in profit or loss. When
            a trade receivable is considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account. Subsequent
            recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to profit or loss.



119   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Financial instruments - continued

     Financial assets - continued

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January
     2018) - continued

     Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018) - continued

     When an AFS financial asset is considered to be impaired, cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in
     other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss in the period.

     For financial assets measured at amortised cost, if, in a subsequent period, the amount of impairment loss
     decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was
     recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the
     carrying amount of the investment at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortised
     cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised.

     In respect of AFS equity investments, impairment losses previously recognised in profit or loss are not reversed
     through profit or loss. Any increase in fair value subsequent to an impairment loss is recognised in other
     comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve.

     Derecognition of financial assets

     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
     expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
     asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
     ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset
     and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and
     rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and
     also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
     amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
     measure at FVTOCI upon application of IFRS 9, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
     investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

     On derecognition of an AFS financial asset, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
     investment revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         120
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Financial instruments - continued

            Financial liabilities and equity instruments


            Classification as debts or equity

            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
            substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

            Equity instruments

            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
            all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
            direct issue costs.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
            or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
            instruments.

            Financial liabilities at amortised cost

            The Group’s financial liabilities, including trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred consideration
            payables, are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

            Bank borrowings

            Bank borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of proceeds received, net of transaction costs incurred.
            Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of a financial
            liability. Bank borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds
            (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised to profit or loss over the period of the bank
            borrowings using the effective interest method.

            Deferred consideration payables

            The deferred consideration payables are initially measured at the present value of the contractual future
            payments that are not paid at that date. Deferred consideration payables are subsequently measured at
            amortised cost using the effective interest method.

            Derivative financial instruments


            Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are
            subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is
            recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which
            event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.



121   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Financial instruments - continued

     Hedge accounting


     The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

     At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the hedging
     instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
     various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group
     documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows
     of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

     Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (under IFRS 9 since 1 January 2018)

     For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in
     offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
     the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

     •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
     •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
            and
     •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
            item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually
            uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

     If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
     risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the
     hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.

     Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018)

     A hedge is regarded as highly effective only if both of the following conditions are met:

     •      at the inception and in subsequent periods, the hedge is expected to be highly effective; and
     •      the actual results of the hedge are within a range of 80 to 125 per cent.




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          122
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Financial instruments - continued

            Hedge accounting - continued

            Cash flow hedges

            The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
            hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of hedging reserve.
            The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (hedging reserve)
            are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line of the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as the recognised hedged item.

            Discontinuation of hedge accounting (under IFRS 9 since 1 January 2018)

            The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part thereof)
            ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when the
            hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge accounting can either
            affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge accounting continues for
            the remainder of the hedging relationship). Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is
            ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
            loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            Discontinuation of hedge accounting (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018)

            Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Group revokes the hedging relationship, when the hedging
            instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Any
            gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity
            and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast
            transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in
            profit or loss.




123   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Financial instruments - continued

     Hedge accounting - continued

     Derecognition/non-substantial modification of financial liabilities

     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
     cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
     and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

     The Group accounts for an exchange with a lender of a financial liability with substantially different terms as
     an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. A substantial
     modification of the terms of an existing financial liability or a part of it (whether or not attributable to the financial
     difficulty of the Group) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition
     of a new financial liability.

     The Group considers that the terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash
     flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original
     effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash
     flows of the original financial liability. Accordingly, such exchange of debt instruments or modification of terms
     is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred are recognised as part of the gain or loss on
     the extinguishment. The exchange or modification is considered as non-substantial modification when such
     difference is less than 10 per cent.

     Non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities (under IFRS 9 since 1 January 2018)

     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
     of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
     discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees incurred are
     adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortised over the remaining term.
     Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognised in profit or loss at the date of
     modification.

     Non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities (before application of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018)

     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, at the point of
     modification, the carrying amount of the relevant financial liabilities is revised for directly attributable transaction
     costs and any consideration paid to or received from the counterparty. The effective interest rate is then
     adjusted to amortise the difference between the revised carrying amount and the expected cash flows over the
     life of the modified instrument.




                                                                                CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             124
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions in note 2)

            Under IFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
            “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
            customer.

            A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a
            series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

            Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
            complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

            •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance
                   as the Group performs;
            •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                   performs; or
            •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
                   has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

            Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
            service.

            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
            Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance
            with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the
            passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
            Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

            Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers
            upon receipt of products.

            Promotion income is recognised when the Group satisfies its promise to arrange for the pharmaceutical
            products to be provided by supplier to the customer.

            Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest
            rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected
            life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.




125   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Revenue recognition (prior to 1 January 2018)

     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for
     estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances.

     Revenue is recognised when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, when it is probable that future
     economic benefits will flow to the Group and when specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
     activities, as described below.

     Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the goods are delivered and titles have passed.

     Service fee income including promotion income is recognised when services are provided. Service fee income
     is deferred and included in “trade and other payables” line item in the consolidated statement of financial
     position for amount received but related services yet to be provided by the Group.

     Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest
     rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected
     life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment have been
     established.

     Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before tax’ as
     reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of income
     or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
     Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
     the end of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
     the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
     profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
     are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable
     profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax
     assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than
     in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
     accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from
     the initial recognition of goodwill.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           126
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Taxation - continued

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
            and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
            arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
            recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the
            benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the
            extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
            to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
            which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
            substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
            manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
            of its assets and liabilities.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
            against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
            Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
            in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
            arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the
            business combination.

            Foreign currencies

            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
            functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at
            the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
            currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms
            of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences, arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
            are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




127   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Foreign currencies - continued

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
     foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange rates
     prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
     exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case,
     the exchange rates at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised
     in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

     On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or
     a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an
     interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest
     becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation
     attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

     Leasing

     Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
     rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     The Group as lessee

     Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognised
     as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except where another systematic basis is more
     representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed. Contingent
     rentals arising under operating leases are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

     In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognised
     as a liability. The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-
     line basis, except where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic
     benefits from the leased asset are consumed.

     Leasehold land and building

     When the Group makes payments for a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building
     elements, the Group assesses the classification of each element separately based on the assessment as to
     whether substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of each element have been transferred
     to the Group, unless it is clear that both elements are operating leases in which case the entire property
     is accounted as an operating lease. Specifically, the entire consideration (including any lump-sum upfront
     payments) are allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair
     values of the leasehold interests in the land element and building element at initial recognition.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           128
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

            Leasing - continued

            Leasehold land and building - continued

            To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land that is
            accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “prepaid lease payments” in the consolidated statement of
            financial position and is amortised over the lease term on a straight-line basis. When the payments cannot be
            allocated reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, the entire property is generally classified as
            if the leasehold land is under finance lease.

            Borrowing costs

            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
            are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
            added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
            sale.

            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
            qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

            Government grants

            Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
            conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

            Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
            recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

            Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
            purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit
            or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

            Retirement benefit costs

            Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes, which are defined contribution schemes, are
            recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

            Payments to employee benefit schemes including Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “2009 Scheme”), CMS
            Key Employee Benefit Scheme (the “New KEB Scheme”) and CMS Employee Incentive Scheme (the “Bonus
            Scheme”), which is classified as a defined contribution scheme, are recognised as an expense in the reporting
            period in which the Board of Directors approve for the contribution to a trust.




129   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

     Short-term employee benefits

     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
     as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense
     unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick
     leave) after deducting any amount already paid.


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
     Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
     based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
     from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
     in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
     the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     For the purpose of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to the five (2017: five)
     cash generating units (“CGU”s) (see note 18). The impairment assessment is based on the higher of fair value
     less costs of disposal and value in use of the CGUs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate
     the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
     present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions including growth
     rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view of future business prospects.
     Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which
     results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss / further impairment loss may
     arise. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, no impairment of goodwill is required for the years ended
     31 December 2018 and 2017. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of goodwill is approximately
     RMB1,384,535,000 (2017: RMB1,384,535,000).




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          130
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued

            Deferred tax assets

            As at 31 December 2018, a deferred tax asset of approximately RMB19,511,000 (2017: RMB25,681,000)
            in relation to unrealised profits on inventories has been recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of
            financial position. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits
            or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits
            generated are less or more than expected, or there is a change in facts and circumstances which results in
            revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets
            may arise, which would be recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which such a reversal or further
            recognition takes places.

            Estimated impairment of intangible assets

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets to determine
            whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
            exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated with reference to the value in use calculation in order
            to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the
            key assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s
            view of future business prospects. If the recoverable amount of an intangible assets is estimated to be
            less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. No
            impairment loss was recognised in profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017. As at
            31 December 2018, the carrying amount of intangible assets is approximately RMB2,554,075,000 (2017:
            RMB2,720,326,000).

            Provision of ECL for trade receivables

            The Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade receivables. The provision rates are based
            on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix
            is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is
            reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical
            observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In
            addition, trade receivables with significant balances and credit impaired are assessed for ECL individually.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimate. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of
            trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) is RMB1,280,702,000 (2017: RMB993,812,000). The
            information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in notes 34 and 22, respectively.




131   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued

     Estimated allowance for inventories

     As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of the Group’s inventories is approximately RMB434,661,000
     net of allowances of approximately RMB34,471,000 (2017: RMB460,401,000 net of allowances of
     approximately RMB2,952,000). The management of the Group reviews an ageing analysis at the end of the
     reporting period, and makes allowance for obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no
     longer suitable for use in production or sale. The Group carries out an inventory review on a product-by-
     product basis at the end of the reporting period and makes allowance for obsolete and slow moving items.
     The management also estimates the net realisable value for finished goods, work-in progress and raw materials
     based primarily on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions.

     Estimated impairment of interest in Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company (“Tibet Pharmaceutical”)

     When there is objective evidence of impairment loss, the Group takes into consideration the estimation of
     the recoverable amount of interest in Tibet pharmaceutical which is the higher of fair value less costs to sell
     and value in use. The Group has carried out impairment testing to determine whether the Group’s interest
     in Tibet Pharmaceutical is impaired. As at 31 December 2018, the recoverable amount of interest in Tibet
     Pharmaceutical was determined by value in use. The value in use as at 31 December 2018 was performed by
     Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an independent valuer. The value in use calculation requires the Group
     to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical and a suitable discount
     rate in order to calculate the present value. The value in use calculation is sensitive to changes in the key
     assumptions including growth rates, discount rate and the forecast performance based on management’s view
     of future business prospects. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts
     and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss/further
     impairment loss may arise. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical
     was approximately RMB2,491,470,000 (2017: RMB2,410,965,000). In the opinion of the directors of the
     Company, no impairment of interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical is recognised for the years ended 31 December
     2018 and 2017. Details of the interest in Tibet Pharmaceutical are disclosed in note 16.

     Fair value measurement of financial instruments

     The Group’s unquoted equity instruments including in equity instruments at FVTOCI, amounting to RMB
     230,953,000 as at 31 December 2018 is measured at fair values with certain fair values being determined
     based on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing
     the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these
     factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 19 for further disclosures.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         132
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      5.    TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

            A.    For the year ended 31 December 2018

                  (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                   The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:
                  		
                                                                                                                  2018
                         At a point in time                                                                    RMB’000

                         Sales of pharmaceutical products                                                     4,308,647
                         Promotion income                                                                     1,124,802
                         Total revenue                                                                        5,433,449


                  (ii)	Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                        The Group sells and promotes pharmaceutical products to hospital and medical institutions
                        throughout the PRC through distributors of direct network and agency network.

                        For sales of pharmaceutical products to customers, revenue is recognised at a point in time
                        when control of the pharmaceutical products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products
                        are delivered and titles have passed to customers upon receipt by customers. For promotion of
                        pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the Group satisfies its
                        obligation to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by suppliers to distributors.

                        A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to sales of pharmaceutical products to
                        customers for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due
                        from) to customers while revenue has yet been recognised. The transaction prices allocated to
                        the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations as at 31 December 2018 are RMB5,469,000
                        and the expected timing of recognising revenue within one year.




133   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




5.   TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued

     B.   For the year ended 31 December 2017
                  An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year is as follows:
                  		
                                                                                                               2017
                                                                                                            RMB’000

                  Sales of goods                                                                       4,798,270
                  Promotion income                                                                       550,568
                  Total revenue                                                                        5,348,838

                  The Group determines its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed by the chief
                  operating decision maker, the Executive Directors of the Company that are used for resources
                  allocation and assessment of segment performance.

                  The Group only has one reportable operating segment that is marketing, promotion, sales
                  and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. No operating results and discrete financial
                  information is available for the assessment of performance of the respective business divisions
                  and resources allocation purpose.

                  No analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segments is disclosed as it is not
                  regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker for review.

                  The Group primarily operates in the PRC. All revenue from external customers is attributed to
                  the PRC and 99% of non-current assets excluding AFS investments and derivative financial
                  instruments and deferred taxes of the Group are located in the PRC.

                  No single customer contributes over 10% of the total sales of the Group for both years.

6.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                         2018                   2017
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000

          Interest income                                                               26,076                 17,654
          Government subsidies (Note a)                                                 11,299                 26,499
          Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                              (1,697)                    (21)
          Net foreign exchange loss                                                    (59,487)              (101,475)
          Loss on disposal of inventory                                                       -                   (747)
          Gain on fair value changes of derivative
            financial instruments                                                      16,722                       -
          Others                                                                        1,476                  (3,126)

                                                                                        (5,611)               (61,216)

          Note:

          (a)     The amounts for both years mainly represented the incentive subsidies provided by the PRC local
                  authorities to the Group to encourage business operation in the PRC. There were no unfulfilled
                  conditions attached to these grants and, the Group has recognised the grants upon receipts.



                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           134
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      7.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                               2018                  2017
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

            Interest on bank borrowings                                                                      70,029                 79,524
            Imputed interest on deferred consideration payables                                               1,856                  2,726

                                                                                                             71,885                 82,250



      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remunerations for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and HKCO., are as follows:

                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                      Executive
                                                                                                                       Director
                                                Executive                         Independent                         and chief
                                                Directors                    Non-executive Directors                  executive
                                                 (Note b)                             (Note c)                        (Note b)
                                                                                    Cheung
                                             Chen    Chen                     Wu      Kam    Leung
                                             Hong     Yan                     Chi    Shing,  Chong                       Lam
                                             Bing    Ling                    Keung   Terry    Shun                      Kong       Total
                                            RMB’000 RMB’000                 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                   RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                             (Note f)                  (Note a)
            Fees                                177         177                 177       177         177                  177      1,062
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other benefits      2,623      2,021                    -          -          -                2,848      7,492
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits schemes        58          58                   -          -          -                   15        131

            Total emoluments                  2,858      2,256                  177       177         177                3,040      8,685


                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                                                                      Executive
                                                                                                                       Director
                                                                                      Independent                     and chief
                                                Executive Directors              Non-executive Directors              executive
                                                      (Note b)                             (Note c)                   (Note b)

                                                                            Cheung
                                             Chen    Chen     Sa      Wu      Kam    Leung
                                             Hong     Yan     Man     Chi    Shing,  Chong Huang         Lam
                                             Bing    Ling     Lin    Keung   Terry    Shun     Ming     Kong                       Total
                                            RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                       RMB’000
                                                            (Note d)                 (Note f) (Note e) (Note a)
            Fees                                156         156       124       156       156          8        148        156      1,060
            Other emoluments
             Salaries and other benefits        654         525       419         -          -          -         -        610      2,208
             Contributions to
              retirement benefits
              schemes                            52          52         -         -          -          -         -         16        120

            Total emoluments                    862         733       543       156       156           8       148        782      3,388


135   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS - continued
     Notes:

     (a)	Mr. Lam Kong is also the chief executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include
          those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.
     (b)	The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the
          management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.
     (c)	The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
          directors of the Company.
     (d)	Ms. Sa Man Lin has resigned as the executive director of the Company with effective from 17 October
          2017.
     (e)	Mr. Huang Ming has resigned as the independent non-executive director of the Company with effective
          from 13 December 2017.
     (f)	Mr. Leung Chong Shun was appointed as the independent non-executive director of the Company with
          effective from 13 December 2017.

     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
     remuneration during both years.

9.   EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     The five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2018 included 3 directors (2017: nil), details
     of whose emoluments are set out in note 8 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2017: five) individual
     for the year ended 31 December 2018 were as follows:

                                                                                         2018                 2017
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
     Employees
      - basic salaries and allowances                                                    3,024                7,909
      - retirement benefits scheme contributions                                           109                   95

                                                                                         3,133                8,004


     The number of the highest paid individuals who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                     Number of employees
                                                                                        2018                  2017

     Nil to HK$1,000,000 (Nil to approximately RMB854,000)
     HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                            -                    -
      (approximately RMB854,000 to RMB1,281,000)
     HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                            -                   1
      (approximately RMB1,281,000 to RMB1,709,000)
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                            2                   3
      (approximately RMB1,709,000 to RMB2,136,000)                                           -                   1
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000
      (approximately RMB2,136,000 to RMB2,562,000)                                           -                    -


     During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the highest paid individuals
     (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office.
                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        136
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
            Current tax:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                               153,939             134,328
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         5,002               3,208
             Malaysia Corporate Income Tax                                                    33                  37

                                                                                         158,974             137,573

            Underprovision in prior years:
             The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                    399                  95
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                              -                 213

                                                                                              399                 308

            Deferred taxation (note 29):
             - Current year                                                                 2,403                 613

                                                                                         161,776             138,494


            The provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax is based on the estimated taxable income for the PRC taxation
            purposes at the rate of taxation applicable for both years.

            Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT
            Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for those described below.

            Starting from 1 January 2009, 天津康哲醫藥科技發展有限公司 (Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology
            Development Co., Ltd.) (“Tianjin Kangzhe”) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2017: 15%) granted by
            the local tax authority until 22 November 2021. Starting from 15 October 2014, 康哲 ( 湖南 ) 制藥有限公司
            (Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Co., Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Hunan”) is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% (2017: 15%)
            granted by local tax authority until 4 September 2020. Starting from 1 January 2015, 西藏康哲醫藥科技有限
            公司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.) (“Tibet Kangzhe Technology”) and 西藏康哲藥業發
            展有限公司 (Tibet Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd ) (“Tibet Kangzhe Development”) are entitled
            to a reduced tax rate of 9% (2017: 9%) granted by local tax authority until 31 December 2020.

            Pursuant to EIT Law, enterprises engaged in prescribed agriculture projects are exempted from EIT. In 2017
            and 2018, 湖 南 康 哲 農 牧 業 發 展 有 限 公 司 (Hunan Kangzhe Agricultural Development Co., Ltd.) (“Kangzhe
            Agricultural”) is eligible for such tax concession.

            Pursuant to the Labuan Offshore Business Activity Tax Act 1990 (“Labuan Tax Act”) in Malaysia, CMS Pharma
            Co., Ltd (“CMS Pharma”) (formerly known as CMS Pharmaceutical Agency Co., Ltd.) is eligible to elect to pay
            a lump sum taxation charge of MYR20,000 or 3% on net audited profits. For the years ended 31 December
            2018 and 2017, CMS Pharma elected to pay a lump sum tax of MYR20,000 (equivalent to approximately
            RMB33,000 and RMB37,000, respectively).




137   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE - continued

   On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
   2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
   March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
   HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will
   be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will
   continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

   The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered profits
   tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at
   16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

   The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the ‘profit before tax’ per the consolidated statement of profit
   or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                       2018                  2017
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Profit before tax                                                               2,006,374             1,808,433


   Tax at the applicable tax rate (Note)                                             501,594               452,108
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                       (20,714)              (19,431)
   Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in
    determining taxable profit                                                         39,595               24,056
   Tax effect of income that is not taxable in
    determining taxable profit                                                             (247)              (3,932)
   Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                4,685                1,261
   Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                        10,307                     -
   Tax effect of tax concession                                                        (74,982)             (73,672)
   Effect on different applicable tax rates of subsidiaries                              (2,462)              (2,225)
   Effect of tax benefit arising from Labuan Tax Act                                 (299,051)            (234,754)
   Underprovision in prior years                                                            399                  308
   Utilisation of deducible temporary differences previously
    not recognised                                                                          -                (7,301)
   Others                                                                               2,652                 2,076
   Income tax expense for the year                                                   161,776               138,494


   Note:	The applicable PRC EIT rate of 25% (2017: 25%) is the prevailing tax rate applicable to Shenzhen
         Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Kangzhe”), a major operating subsidiary of the Group.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          138
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                             2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
            Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

            Directors’ remuneration
             Fees                                                                            1,062               1,060
             Salaries and other benefits                                                     7,492               2,208
             Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                      131                 120

                                                                                             8,685               3,388
            Other staff costs                                                              508,973             351,923
            Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                    42,921              26,822
            Employee benefits expense (note 41)                                              9,000              30,000

            Total staff costs                                                              569,579             412,133

            Auditor’s remuneration                                                           2,673               2,333
            Allowance for credit losses                                                          -               3,732
            Allowance for inventories                                                       34,471               2,952
            Release of prepaid lease payments                                                1,745               1,673
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                   32,743              31,147
            Amortisation of intangible assets (included in cost of
             goods sold)                                                                   166,251             165,271
            Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                 1,310,321           1,692,938
            Minimum lease payment under operating lease in
             respect of property                                                            13,841              10,584



      12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                             2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
            Dividends paid

            Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
             2018 Interim - RMB0.1536 (2017: 2017 interim dividend
               RMB0.1293) per share                                                        382,041             321,601
             2017 Final - RMB0.1393 (2017: 2016 final dividend
               RMB0.1164) per share                                                        346,474             289,516

                                                                                           728,515             611,117

            Dividends proposed

            Dividends proposed during the year:
             2018 final - RMB0.1434 (2017: 2017 final dividend of
               RMB0.1393) per share                                                        355,691             346,474



            The Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of RMB0.1434 per ordinary share for the year ended 31
            December 2018 (2017: RMB0.1393 per ordinary share).




139   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following
   data:

                                                                                                 2018                      2017
                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
   Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share
    (profit attributable to owners of the Company)                                           1,849,883                  1,674,807

                                                                                            Number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                 as at 31 December
                                                                                                  2018                      2017
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
    for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                          2,486,146,033           2,487,247,512



   The Group has no outstanding potential ordinary shares as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 and during the
   years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017. Therefore, no diluted earnings per share is presented.

14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                                         fixtures
                                                 Leasehold Plant and       Motor            and       Construction
                                Buildings      improvement machinery      vehicles     equipment      in progress        Total
                                RMB’000           RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
   COST
   At 1 January 2017               190,882            1,295   173,089       27,373         17,992           34,909       445,540
   Additions                        95,253                -      4,752        3,925          3,670          41,822       149,422
   Disposals                           (291)              -     (2,237)      (3,900)        (1,335)              -         (7,763)
   Transfer                         12,253           26,034      7,804            -              -         (46,091)             -

   At 31 December 2017             298,097           27,329   183,408       27,398         20,327           30,640       587,199
   Additions                            231          19,360      2,108        8,756          2,432             968         33,855
   Disposals                         (2,876)              -     (9,218)      (1,329)        (1,237)              -        (14,660)
   Transfer                         20,208                -         49            -             30         (20,287)             -

   At 31 December 2018             315,660           46,689   176,347       34,825         21,552          11,321        606,394

   ACCUMULATED
    DEPRECIATION
   At 1 January 2017                30,453            1,295    21,531       21,299           9,238               -        83,816
   Provided for the year             9,792              705    16,260         2,348          2,042               -        31,147
   Eliminated on disposals             (175)              -     (1,919)      (3,510)        (1,240)              -         (6,844)

   At 31 December 2017              40,070            2,000    35,872       20,137         10,040                -       108,119
   Provided for the year            11,893            3,585    12,955         2,672          1,638               -         32,743
   Eliminated on disposals           (1,621)              -     (8,738)      (1,200)        (1,177)              -        (12,736)

   At 31 December 2018              50,342            5,585    40,089       21,609         10,501                -       128,126

   CARRYING VALUES
   At 31 December 2018             265,318           41,104   136,258       13,216         11,051          11,321        478,268

   At 31 December 2017             258,027           25,329   147,536         7,261        10,287          30,640        479,080




                                                                               CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                 140
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued

            The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated over their estimated
            useful lives as follows:

            Buildings                                                 Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20/40 years
            Leasehold improvement                                     Over the shorter of the lease terms, or 20 years
            Plant and machinery                                       9% - 18%
            Motor vehicles                                            18%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                         18%

            The Group has pledged property, plant and equipment with a net book value of approximately RMB77,548,000
            (2017: RMB73,247,000) to secure certain bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group.




      15. PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
            The Group’s prepaid lease payments comprise:

            Leasehold land in the PRC:
             Medium-term leases                                                                63,545               60,293
            Analysed for reporting purposes as:

            Current asset (included in trade and other receivables)                             1,878                1,425
            Non-current assets                                                                 61,667               58,868
                                                                                               63,545               60,293

            The Group has pledged leasehold land with a net book value of approximately RMB27,151,000 (2017:
            RMB28,289,000) to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group.


      16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
            Cost of investments in associates
             Listed outside Hong Kong                                                       2,304,356            2,304,356
             Unlisted                                                                          11,536               11,536

            Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
             income, net of dividends received                                                175,586               96,495
                                                                                            2,491,478            2,412,387
            Fair value of listed investment (note)                                          1,952,267            2,219,538



141   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

   Note:	As at 31 December 2018, the fair value of the Group’s interest in its listed associate, Tibet
         Pharmaceutical, of which its shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, was approximately
         RMB1,952 million (2017: approximately RMB2,220 million) based on the quoted market price available
         on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which is a level 1 input in terms of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

   As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, details of the associates are as follows:


                                      Place of       Principal        Proportion of
                                   establishment/     place of      ownership interest
       Name of associates          incorporation     business       held by the Group       Principal activities
                                                                     2018        2017
   Ophol Limited (“Ophol”)           Hong Kong       Hong Kong      24.49%      24.49%     Investment holding and
                                                                                             provision of agency
                                                                                             service

   Tibet Pharmaceutical (note)          Tibet           Tibet       36.83%      36.83%     Production of
                                                                                            medicines and sale
                                                                                            of drugs


   Note:	On 3 May 2017, the Group subscribed additional 27,412,280 ordinary shares of Tibet Pharmaceutical
         at a price of RMB36.48 per share with total consideration of RMB999,999,974. As at 31 December
         2018, the Group holds an aggregate of 66,156,114 (2017: 66,156,114) ordinary shares of Tibet
         Pharmaceutical. As the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Tibet Pharmaceutical in
         both years, it is accounted for as an associate of the Group. Included in the cost of investment in Tibet
         Pharmaceutical as at 31 December 2018, there is a goodwill of approximately RMB1,654,481,000
         (2017: RMB1,654,481,000).

         In the opinion of the directors of the Company, as the recoverable amount is higher than the carrying
         amount at the end of both reporting periods, no impairment loss was recognised for the years ended 31
         December 2018 and 2017. Details of the assumptions used in the impairment assessment of interest in
         Tibet Pharmaceutical are disclosed in note 4.

   Summarised financial information of associates
   Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s associates is set out below. The
   summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements
   prepared in accordance with IFRSs.

   All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        142
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

            Summarised financial information of associates - continued

            Tibet Pharmaceutical
                                                                                      31.12.2018         31.12.2017
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

            Current assets                                                             1,087,632            812,124
            Non-current assets                                                         1,444,420           1,517,921
            Current liabilities                                                         (261,268)           (264,264)
            Non-current liabilities                                                      (13,627)            (20,378)

                                                                                          2018                2017
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
            Turnover                                                                   1,027,879            915,626
            Profit for the year                                                          218,088            234,291
            Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                             62,821             (13,772)
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                      280,909            220,519
            Dividends received from the associate during the year                         25,470              21,963


            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
            associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                      31.12.2018         31.12.2017
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

            Net assets of Tibet Pharmaceutical                                         2,257,157           2,045,403
            Non-controlling interests                                                      (4,681)             (2,200)
                                                                                       2,252,476           2,043,203
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in
             Tibet Pharmaceutical                                                        36.83%              36.83%
                                                                                         829,587             752,512
            Goodwill                                                                   1,654,481           1,654,481
            Effect of fair value adjustment at acquisition                                32,861              32,861
            Effect of deferred tax relating to fair value adjustment
             at acquisition                                                                (8,215)             (8,215)
            Other adjustments                                                            (17,244)            (20,674)
            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Tibet
             Pharmaceutical                                                            2,491,470           2,410,965




143   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               (CONTINUED)
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




16. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

   Summarised financial information of associates - continued

   Ophol
                                                                             31.12.2018         31.12.2017
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

   Current assets                                                                    45               5,817
   Non-current assets                                                                  -                   -
   Current liabilities                                                               (13)                (11)

                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

   Turnover                                                                          72                 354
   Profit for the year                                                               72                 587
   Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                                128                (339)
   Total comprehensive income for the year                                          200                 248
   Dividends received from the associate during the year                          1,463               1,576


   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
   associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                             31.12.2018         31.12.2017
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

   Net assets of Ophol                                                               32               5,806
   Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Ophol                        24.49%              24.49%
   Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Ophol                                   8               1,422




                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       144
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                         Exclusive
                                                        distribution       Patent          Product
                                                           rights          rights            rights          Total
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                           (Note a        (Note b)          (Note c)
                                                         & Note b(i))
            COST
            At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017
             and 2018                                       2,111,920         320,431          800,556        3,232,907
            AMORTISATION
            At 1 January 2017                                135,914           78,921          112,475         327,310
            Charge for the year                              103,135           19,448           42,688         165,271
            At 31 December 2017                              239,049           98,369          155,163         492,581
            Charge for the year                              103,402           23,960           38,889         166,251
            At 31 December 2018                              342,451          122,329          194,052         658,832
            IMPAIRMENT LOSS
            At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017
             and 2018                                          20,000                -                 -         20,000
            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2018                             1,749,469         198,102          606,504        2,554,075
            At 31 December 2017                             1,852,871         222,062          645,393        2,720,326


            Notes:

            (a)      Exclusive distribution rights

                     (i)	On 9 March 2008, the Group entered into an exclusive distribution agreement and a
                         supplementary agreement (the “XinHuoSu Agreements”) with Tibet Pharmaceutical in connection
                         to a finished drug product (Lyophilized Recombinant Human Brain Natriuretic Peptide) which was
                         distributed in the PRC market under the trade name of XinHuoSu for a term of three years with
                         effect from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2012.

                     	Pursuant to the XinHuoSu Agreements, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution right of
                       XinHuoSu for nil consideration and committed to handle the Phase IV clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                       for 2,000 cases in the PRC to meet the drug safety standards set by the China Food and Drug
                       Administration. The drug, XinHuoSu, to be used in the 2,000 case clinical trials would be
                       provided by Tibet Pharmaceutical free of charge. All other costs of the 2,000 case clinical trials
                       should be borne by the Group.




145   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

         (i)   - continued

                 In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution
                 right of XinHuoSu on the basis that the Group should complete the clinical trials of XinHuoSu
                 and would bear all the costs of the clinical trials. Therefore, the costs incurred in clinical trials of
                 approximately RMB4,745,000 were capitalised as an intangible asset.

         	As at 31 December 2011, the exclusive distribution right was fully amortised.

         (ii)	On 23 August 2012, the Group entered into a product rights transfer agreement (the “Agreement”)
              with 北京亞東生物製藥有限公司 (Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Beijing Yadong”),
              an independent third party. According to the Agreement, Tianjin Kangzhe purchased from Beijing
              Yadong the exclusive distribution rights of three Traditional Chinese Medicinal Products - Yin
              Lian Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang (collectively referred to as
              “Three Products”) for a term of 20 years with effect from 23 August 2012 at a consideration of
              RMB33,000,000. Tianjin Kangzhe exclusively promotes and sells the Three Products in the PRC
              and Beijing Yadong is responsible for the production of the Three Products as required by Tianjin
              Kangzhe and sells the Three Products exclusively to Tianjin Kangzhe.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2016, as the market base of Three Products was relatively
                 weak and the actual sales of Three Products was lower than previously expected, there was
                 an impairment indicator. Management performed an impairment assessment by estimating the
                 recoverable amount of Three Products. The recoverable amount of Three Products had been
                 determined from a value in use, based on the expected free cash flow up to the end of the
                 exclusive distribution right at a discount rate of 11%. The recoverable amount of approximately
                 RMB5,850,000 was lower than the carrying amount of approximately RMB25,850,000, an
                 impairment loss of RMB20,000,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2016.

                 During the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2018, management reviews the carrying amount
                 of Three Products and determines that there is no further impairment.

         	The exclusive distribution rights are amortised over their expected useful lives of 20 years.
           As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount was approximately RMB5,103,000 (2017:
           RMB5,474,000).




                                                                            CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED           146
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (a)   Exclusive distribution rights - continued

                  (iii)	On 26 February 2016, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca
                        AB, an independent third party, pursuant to which AstraZeneca AB granted an exclusive license
                        to the Group for the commercialisation of Plendil (Felodipine Sustained Release Tablet) in the
                        PRC, at a consideration of US$310,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,029,012,000).
                        US$155,000,000 had been paid in 2016 and the remaining balance of US$155,000,000 had
                        been paid in 2017. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of the exclusive distribution
                        right was approximately RMB1,741,569,000 (2017: RMB1,843,019,000).

                  	Under the exclusive license agreement, the Group has agreed to meet certain pre-agreed annual
                    sales target in relation to the sales of Pendil in the PRC for the first three years of the term of the
                    exclusive license agreement. The Group has reached the sales target in 2018.

                  	The expected useful life of the exclusive license right is 20 years.

            (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights

                  (i)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Great Move Enterprises Limited (“Great Move”)
                       and 51% of equity interest in Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kangzhe
                       Guangming”) on 3 April 2011 and 30 April 2011, respectively. This included the acquisition of
                       exclusive distribution rights and patent rights for the sales of several products. The exclusive
                       distribution rights and patent rights were measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition
                       and the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting
                       Limited, an independent valuer.

                  	The fair value of the patent rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                    rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                    pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. The fair value of the exclusive
                    distribution rights at the date of acquisition was determined based on the multi-period excess
                    earnings method by capitalising future cash flows derived from the intangible assets for the
                    remaining term of the distribution rights.

                  	As at the acquisition date, the major patent rights owned by Tianjin Kangzhe, the wholly
                    owned subsidiary of Great Move, represented YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa amounting to
                    RMB137,917,000 and RMB8,287,000, respectively and the exclusive distribution rights owned by
                    Tianjin Kangzhe amounted to RMB39,350,000. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amounts
                    of patent rights of YiNuoShu and ShaDuoLiKa and exclusive distribution rights owned by Tianjin
                    Kangzhe were approximately RMB74,455,000, nil and nil, respectively (2017: RMB82,885,000,
                    RMB4,996,000 and RMB1,278,000).




147   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (b)   Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

         (i)     - continued

         	The Group also acquired the exclusive distribution right and patent right of XiDaKang amounting
           to RMB5,813,000 and RMB7,715,000, respectively through the acquisition of a former subsidiary,
           Kangzhe Guangming. As at 31 December 2018, the exclusive distribution right and patent
           right of XiDaKang were approximately RMB2,797,000 and RMB2,169,000, respectively (2017:
           RMB3,100,000 and RMB2,399,000).

         	The expected useful lives of the exclusive distribution rights and patent rights are ranging from 1
           year to 17 years.

         (ii)	On 27 December 2013, the Group entered into a transfer agreement with the shareholders of
              non-controlling interests of Kangzhe Guangming (the “Sellers”) in connection with the transfer of
              the patent right of XiDaKang at a consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Sellers, who directly held
              49% equity interest of Kangzhe Guangming, agreed to transfer the 49% interest in the patent right
              of XiDaKang to Kangzhe Hunan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The consideration
              will be settled by the first payment of RMB30,000,000 and annual payment of RMB1,000,000 to
              the Sellers over the next ten years. The directors of the Company recognised the payable as a
              deferred consideration payable (see note 28) in the amount of RMB6,145,000 at initial recognition
              which represents the present value of the annual consideration of RMB1,000,000 over next ten
              years discounted at 10%. Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the 51% interest in the patent
              right of XiDaKang was also transferred from Kangzhe Guangming to Kangzhe Hunan. Starting
              from 27 December 2013, Kangzhe Hunan has replaced Kangzhe Guangming as the patent
              right owner of XiDaKang. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount was approximately
              RMB23,540,000 (2017: RMB26,062,000).

         	The expected useful lives of the patent right is 14 years.

         (iii)	The Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                (formerly known as Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
                Ltd.) (“Kangzhe Lengshuijiang”) on 28 February 2013. This included the acquisition of the patent
                right of GanFuLe. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                independent valuer.

         	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
           rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
           pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
           patent right of GanFule owned by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang amounted to RMB16,005,000.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       148
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

            Notes: - continued

            (b)	Acquisition of exclusive distribution rights and patent rights - continued

                  (iii)   - continued

                          During the year ended 31 December 2016, Kangzhe Lengshuijiang was deregistered and merged
                          with Kangzhe Hunan. The assets and liabilities held by Kangzhe Lengshuijiang were transferred
                          to Kangzhe Hunan at the time of merger and Kangzhe Hunan is responsible for the production of
                          GanFuLe after the merger. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of the patent right of
                          GanFuLe was approximately RMB8,059,000 (2017: RMB9,421,000).

                  	The expected useful live of the patent right is 11 years.

                  (iv)	The Group acquired 52.01% of equity interest in Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                        (“Xili Pharmaceutical”) on 16 February 2015. This included the acquisition of the patent right of
                        DanShenTong. The patent right was measured at their fair values at the date of acquisition and
                        the valuation of the intangible assets was performed by Vigers Appraisal & Consulting Limited, an
                        independent valuer.

                  	The fair value of the patent right at the date of acquisition was determined based on the royalty
                    rate method by capitalising future royalty income which a market participant would be willing to
                    pay to use the patents for the remaining term of the patent right. As at the acquisition date, the
                    patent right of DanShenTong owned by Xili Pharmaceutical, amounted to RMB114,489,000.
                    As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount was approximately RMB89,879,000 (2017:
                    RMB96,299,000).

                  	The expected useful live of the patent right is 18 years.

            (c)	Acquisition of product rights

                  (i)	On 1 July 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Stulln with an
                       independent third party, Pharma Stulln GmbH (“Pharma”) in connection with the transfer of
                       all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese market (including Hong Kong and Macau Special
                       Administration Regions (“SAR”)), including but not limited to the right of manufacturing
                       Stulln for the Chinese market, marketing authorisation for the Chinese market and relevant
                       intellectual property rights, including trademark in Chinese characters and know-how of Stulln,
                       and has been licensed the exclusive right to utilise the trademark in English characters, at a
                       consideration of EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB72,317,000). During the
                       year ended 31 December 2014, the residual balance of the exclusive agency right of Stulln
                       of approximately RMB14,625,000 was transferred to product right accordingly. As at 31
                       December 2018, the carrying amount of the product right was approximately RMB59,150,000
                       (2017: RMB64,231,000), which included a deferred consideration payable (see note 28) in the
                       amount of approximately EUR1,909,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB14,981,000 (2017:
                       EUR2,736,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB21,343,000)), which represented the present
                       value of the annual consideration of EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB7,307,000)
                       over next two (2017: three) years discounted at 10%.

                  	The expected useful life of the product right is 20 years.


149   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

   Notes: - continued

   (c)	Acquisition of product rights - continued

         (ii)	On 17 December 2014, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Lamisil Tablet
              and Parlodel Tablet (the “Products”) with two independent third parties, Novartis AG and Novartis
              Pharma AG, the suppliers of the Products in Switzerland in connection with the transfer of
              all assets related to the Products, including the drug production license of Lamisil Tablet, co-
              marketing authorisation in Switzerland and imported drug license in China of Parlodel Tablet,
              all know-how, books and records, commercial and medical information exclusively to the
              Products for Chinese market (For Lamisil Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland;
              For Parlodel Tablet, Chinese market refers to Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong SAR and
              Taiwan), at a consideration of US$25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB152,972,000).
              As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount was approximately RMB129,872,000 (2017:
              RM137,989,000).

         	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.

         (iii)	On 25 March 2015, the Group entered into a series of agreements related to Combizym and
               Hirudoid (the “Purchased Products”) with an independent third party, DKSH International AG, in
               connection with the purchase of (i) all trademarks regarding the Purchased Products; (ii) all market
               authorisations or similar licenses, certificates or approvals regarding the Purchased Products
               and all rights, benefits or other interests obtained; (iii) the exclusive right and title to develop,
               manufacture, register, apply for registration, import, market, distribute, sell or otherwise use and/
               or exploit the Purchased Products; and (iv) all books and records, commercial information and
               medical information related to the Purchased Products, with respect to Combizym in China,
               Hong Kong and Switzerland, and certain other designated countries or areas in Asia, and with
               respect to Hirudoid in China, at a consideration of Swiss Franc (“CHF”) 76,600,000 (equivalent
               to approximately RMB486,019,000). As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount was
               approximately RMB417,482,000 (2017: RMB443,173,000).

         	The expected useful life of the product rights is 20 years.


18. GOODWILL
   For the purposes of impairment testing, the entire amount of goodwill has been allocated to five (2017: five)
   CGUs, representing five (2017: five) subsidiaries, namely Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United Trading
   Limited (“Sky United”), Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development (2017: Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe
   Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet Kangzhe Development). Tianjin Kangzhe is engaged in
   marketing, promotion and sale of drugs. Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development are engaged in trading
   of drugs. Kangzhe Hunan and Xili Pharmaceutical are engaged in production of medicines. The carrying
   amounts of goodwill as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 allocated to these units are as follows:




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          150
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      18. GOODWILL - continued
                                                                                              2018                 2017
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

            Tianjin Kangzhe                                                               1,160,333            1,160,333
            Kangzhe Hunan                                                                    21,295               21,295
            Sky United                                                                        2,963                2,963
            Xili Pharmaceutical                                                             198,090              198,090
            Tibet Kangzhe Development                                                         1,854                1,854
                                                                                          1,384,535            1,384,535


            The recoverable amounts of Tianjin Kangzhe, Kangzhe Hunan, Sky United, Xili Pharmaceutical and Tibet
            Kangzhe Development are determined based on value in use calculations. The key assumptions for the value
            in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices
            and direct costs during the year. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates that reflect current
            market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The growth rates are
            based on industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past performance
            and expectations of future changes in the market.

            During the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, no impairment loss was recognised.

            Tianjin Kangzhe

            At 31 December 2018, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, and discount rate of
            11% (2017: 11%). Tianjin Kangzhe’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth
            rate of 5% (2017: 3%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
            industry.

            Kangzhe Hunan

            At 31 December 2018, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, and discount rate of
            11% (2017: 11%). Kangzhe Hunan’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth
            rate of 4% (2017: 4%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
            industry.

            Xili Pharmaceutical

            At 31 December 2018, the impairment review is determined based on cash flow projections which were
            derived from the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, and discount rate of
            11% (2017: 11%). Xili Pharmaceutical’s cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using a growth
            rate of 5% (2017: 9%). This growth rate is based on management’s best estimate and past experience on the
            industry.

            The goodwill of Sky United and Tibet Kangzhe Development was immaterial as at the end of both reporting
            periods.

151   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




19. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                            2018
                                                                                                         RMB’000

   Listed investments:
   Equity securities listed in London (Note 1)                                                             10,279
   Unlisted investments:
   Equity securities (Note 2)                                                                             230,953
   Total                                                                                                  241,232


   The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI
   as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would
   not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising
   their performance potential in the long run.

   Notes:

            1.	The above listed equity investment represents ordinary shares of an entity listed in London.
                This investment is not held for trading, instead, it is held for long-term strategic purposes.
                The investment is denominated in British Pound (“GBP”) and the fair value is based on the
                quoted market price. During the year ended 31 December 2018, loss on change in fair value of
                RMB14,065,000 has been recognised in other comprehensive income.

            2.    During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has acquired various equity interests in the
                  following biotech/pharmaceutical companies,

                  （a）	An European company for a consideration of EUR4,000,000 (equivalents to
                      RMB30,607,000);

                  （b）	A British company for a consideration of GBP5,000,000 (equivalents to RMB44,771,000);

                  （c）	An European company for a consideration of approximately EUR2,500,000 (equivalents to
                      RMB19,911,000); and

                  （d）	An American company for a consideration of approximately US$19,500,000 (equivalents
                      to RMB135,664,000).

            	The fair values of the above unlisted equity investments were performed by Vigers Appraisal &
              Consulting Limited, a professional independent valuer. During the year ended 31 December 2018,
              no change in fair value has been recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         152
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      20. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE INVESTMENT
                                                                                                                     2017
                                                                                                                  RMB’000
            Listed investments:

             - Equity securities listed on the London Stock Exchange
                                                                                                                     23,020

            The investment is denominated in British Pound and its fair value is based on the quoted market prices.
            During the year ended 31 December 2017, change in fair value of RMB3,271,000 was recognised in other
            comprehensive income.

      21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            Raw materials                                                                      16,015                13,038
            Work in progress                                                                   13,495                 9,968
            Finished goods                                                                    405,151               437,395
                                                                                              434,661               460,401


      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            Trade receivables                                                               1,290,530             1,003,640
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                   (9,828)               (9,828)
                                                                                            1,280,702               993,812
            Bills receivables                                                                 291,621               349,633
            Purchase prepayment                                                                70,978                51,703
            Value added tax receivable                                                              -                35,237
            Prepaid lease payments                                                              1,878                 1,425
            Deposits paid for acquisition of intangible assets (Note)                          95,262                72,142
            Other receivables and deposits                                                     73,575                55,582
                                                                                            1,814,016             1,559,534
            Current portion                                                                 1,718,754             1,487,392
            Non-current portion                                                                95,262                72,142
                                                                                            1,814,016             1,559,534


            Note:

            The deposits mainly represent RMB72 million paid to a third party for acquisition of product right of Movicol.




153   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES - continued

   The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 0 to 90 days to its trade customers, but longer credit
   period up to four months is allowed to some selected customers.

   An aging analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on the invoice date
   at the respective reporting period, which approximated the respective revenue recognition date is as follows:

                                                                                       2018                  2017
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   0 - 90 days                                                                     1,008,465               867,489
   91 - 365 days                                                                     272,237               120,911
   Over 365 days                                                                           -                 5,412
                                                                                   1,280,702               993,812


   As at 31 December 2018, total bills received amounting to RMB291,621,000 (2017: RMB349,633,000) are
   held by the Group for future settlement of trade receivables. The Group continues to recognise their full carrying
   amounts at the end of the reporting period. All bills received by the Group are with a maturity period of less
   than six months.

   As at 31 December 2018, 85% (2017: 86%) the trade receivables that were neither past due nor impaired were
   of good credit quality because of satisfactory repayment history.

   As at 31 December 2018, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
   carrying amount of RMB187,659,000 (2017: RMB138,398,000) which are past due at the reporting date for
   which the Group has not provided for impairment loss. Based on the historical experiences of the Group, trade
   receivables past due but not impaired are generally recoverable due to the long term relationship and good
   repayment record. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

   The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables which are past due but not impaired:

                                                                                       2018                  2017
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   0 - 90 days                                                                       142,833               122,287
   91 - 365 days                                                                      44,826                14,821
   Over 365 days                                                                           -                 1,290
                                                                                     187,659               138,398


   The Group has provided full impairment for receivables that aged over 3 years from invoice date because
   historical experience is such that receivables that are past due beyond 3 years are generally not recoverable.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          154
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES - continued

            Movement in the allowance for credit losses:
                                                                                                         Allowance for
                                                                                                          credit losses
                                                                                                             RMB’000

            Balance at 1 January 2017                                                                            6,096
            Impairment losses recognised on receivables                                                          3,732
            Balance at 31 December 2017 and 2018                                                                 9,828


            Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set
            out in note 34.


      23. AMOUNT DUE FROM AN ASSOCIATE
            As at 31 December 2018, the balance of approximately RMB31,816,000 (2017: RMB31,816,000) represented
            deposit to Tibet Pharmaceutical for exclusive distribution right.

            As at 31 December 2018, the balance of approximately RMB137,749,000 (2017: RMB119,207,000)
            represented promotion income receivables from Tibet Pharmaceutical. The Group allows a credit period of 90
            days to Tibet Pharmaceutical. The balance as at 31 December 2018 was aged within three months (2017:
            within three months) based on the invoice date.


      24. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
            The bank deposits carry interest at the prevailing market rate of approximately 0.35% to 2.75% (2017: 0.35%
            to 3%) per annum.

            Included in bank balances are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than functional currency
            of the relevant group entities:

                                                                                            2018                2017
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

            GBP                                                                            35,287                  920
            United States Dollar (“US$”)                                                    5,462                2,090
            Euro (“EUR”)                                                                    3,851               19,658
            CHF                                                                             2,547                1,057
            Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)                                                        2,081                2,361




155   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
   An aging analysis of the trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting periods
   is as follows:

                                                                                        2018                 2017
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

   0 - 90 days                                                                        104,724               124,497
   91 - 365 days                                                                            5                 2,653
   Over 365 days                                                                        1,405                 2,861
   Trade payables                                                                     106,134               130,011
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                       100,679                94,683
   Other tax payables                                                                  51,252                28,518
   Accrued promotion expenses                                                          41,254                95,022
   Accruals                                                                            35,072                33,493
   Other payables                                                                      32,206                60,054
   Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                           15,618                16,001
   Deferred promotion income in respect of purchase                                         -                42,587
   Advance from customers                                                                   -                 6,457
                                                                                      382,215               506,826


   The credit period on purchases of goods is ranging from 0 to 120 days.

   Included in trade and other payables are the following amounts denominated in currency other than functional
   currency of the relevant group entities:

                                                                                        2018                 2017
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

   EUR                                                                                   9,635               16,069



26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                 31 December              1 January
                                                                                        2018                  2018*
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

   Sales of pharmaceutical products                                                      5,469                6,457


   *	The amounts in this column are after the adjustments from the application of IFRS 15.

   Contract liabilities as current based on the Group’s earliest obligation to transfer goods to the customers.




                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED       156
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES - continued

            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in prior periods.
                                                                                                                Sales of
                                                                                                            Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                               Products
                                                                                                               RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
             liability balance at the beginning of the year                                                          6,457


            Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

            When the Group receives a deposit before the goods delivered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the
            start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.


      27. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                               2018                  2017
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

            Bank loans                                                                     1,465,195              2,105,048
                                                                                           1,465,195              2,105,048
            Analysed as:

            Secured                                                                          105,000                165,000
            Unsecured                                                                      1,360,195              1,940,048
                                                                                           1,465,195              2,105,048




157   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




27. BANK BORROWINGS - continued

                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

   The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
    Within one year                                                             25,000              65,000
    Within a period of more than one year but not
     exceeding two years                                                     1,440,195             488,010
    Within a period of more than two years but not
     exceeding five years                                                             -          1,552,038
                                                                             1,465,195           2,105,048

   Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current
    liabilities                                                                 (25,000)           (65,000)
   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                               1,440,195           2,040,048


   *	The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

   The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contractual interest rate) on the Group’s
   borrowings and their carrying values are as follows:

                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
   Fixed-rate borrowings
    Denominated in RMB (range from 5.22% to 5.23%
      per annum as at 31 December 2018 and from 4.99%
      to 5.23% per annum as at 31 December 2017)                               105,000             165,000

   Variable-rate borrowings (Note b)
    Denominated in US$ (3.53% as at 31 December 2018 and
     31 December 2017) (Note a)                                              1,360,195           1,940,048
   Total                                                                     1,465,195           2,105,048


   Notes:

   (a)	Variable rate at London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 1.8% as at 31 December 2018 (2017:
        LIBOR plus 1.8%).

   (b)	As at 31 December 2018, the Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest
        rate movements on the variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately RMB1,360,195,000 (2017:
        RMB1,940,048,000). The principal amount of the variable-rate bank borrowings will be repayable on 23
        June 2020. Details of the interest rate swaps are disclosed in note 30.




                                                                    CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED      158
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      27. BANK BORROWINGS - continued

            During the year, in respect of a bank loan with a carrying amount of RMB25,000,000 as at 31 December
            2018, a subsidiary of the Company breached certain of the terms of the bank loan, which are primarily
            related to the debt-asset ratio of the subsidiary. On discovery of the breach, the directors of the Company
            informed the lender and commenced a renegotiation of the terms of the loan with the relevant banker. As at 31
            December 2018, those negotiations had not been concluded. As at 31 December 2018, the bank borrowings
            of RMB25,000,000 has already been classified as a current liability based on the originally agreed repayment
            period. Up to the date of approval for issuance of the consolidated financial statements, the negotiations are
            still in progress. Based on the current financial position of the Group, the directors of the Company is confident
            that the Group has sufficient financial resources to repay the bank borrowings of RMB25,000,000 and there is
            no threat to the continuing operations of the Group.

            As at 31 December 2018, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of approximately RMB1,904,740,000
            (2017: RMB1,548,802,000).


      28. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYABLES
                                                                                                2018                  2017
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

            Non-current                                                                          9,926               17,896
            Current                                                                              8,847                8,802
                                                                                                18,773               26,698


            During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group acquired 49% interest in the patent right of XiDaKang
            for a consideration of RMB40,000,000 (see note 17(b) (ii)). In addition to the first payment of RMB30,000,000,
            further consideration is payable annually of RMB1,000,000 for 10 years commencing on 27 December 2014.
            The present value of the discounted consideration determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to
            RMB6,145,000 was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at initial recognition. As at
            31 December 2018, the carrying value amounting to RMB3,792,000 (2017: RMB5,355,000) was included in
            deferred consideration payables.

            During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group acquired all assets related to Stulln for the Chinese
            Market, part of the consideration is payable annually in the amount of EUR1,000,000 (equivalent to
            approximately RMB7,307,000) for five years since 2016. The present value of the discounted consideration
            determined based on a discount rate of 10% amounting to approximately EUR3,614,000 (equivalent to
            approximately RMB30,342,000) was accounted for by the Group as deferred consideration payable at
            initial recognition. As at 31 December 2018, the carrying value amounting to approximately EUR1,909,000
            (equivalent to approximately RMB14,981,000) (2017: EUR2,736,000 (equivalent to approximately
            RMB21,343,000)) was included in deferred consideration payables.




159   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




29. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and
   prior years:


                                              Fair value
                                            adjustments Unrealised
                                              to assets    profit of              Fair value
                                Unrealised     acquired     equity                 gain on
                                 profits on  in business instruments              cash flow
                                inventories combinations at FVTOCI                 hedges           Others         Total
                                  RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000                RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

   At 1 January 2017                  29,343          (41,599)        (63,964)                 -      1,201        (75,019)
   (Charge) credit to profit
    or loss for the
    year (note 10)                    (3,662)           3,049                 -                -              -       (613)
   Charge to other
    comprehensive
    income                                  -                 -               -         (1,984)               -     (1,984)
   At 31 December 2017                25,681          (38,550)        (63,964)          (1,984)       1,201        (77,616)
   (Charge) credit to profit
    or loss for the
    year (note 10)                    (6,170)           3,767                 -                -              -     (2,403)
   Charge to other
    comprehensive
    income                                  -                 -               -           (680)               -       (680)
   At 31 December 2018                19,511          (34,783)        (63,964)          (2,664)       1,201        (80,699)


   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                            2018                     2017
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Deferred tax assets                                                                      20,712                  26,882
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                               (101,411)               (104,498)
                                                                                           (80,699)                (77,616)


   At 31 December 2018, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB38,290,000 (2017:
   RMB19,550,000). No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of such tax losses due to the
   unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2018 are tax
   losses of approximately RMB22,935,000 (2017: RMB7,447,000) that will expire within 5 years from the year of
   originating. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely. During the year ended 31 December 2018,
   tax losses of approximately RMB698,000 (2017: RMB671,000) was expired.




                                                                             CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED            160
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      29. DEFERRED TAX - continued

            As at 31 December 2018, the Group had deductible temporary differences of RMB599,167,000
            (2017:RMB582,619,000) available for offsetting against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been
            recognised in respect of RMB78,044,000 (2017: RMB102,724,000) of such deductible temporary difference.
            No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining balance of RMB521,123,000 (2017:
            RMB479,895,000) as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
            temporary differences can be utilised.

            Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiary, from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
            financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to RMB3,701,717,000 (2017: RMB2,834,141,000) as the Group is able to control the
            timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.


      30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                             2018                 2017
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Derivative under hedging accounting
             - Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps                                        16,144              12,023
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                               16,722                   -
                                                                                             32,866              12,023


            Interest rate swaps

            The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimise its exposure to interest rate movements on its variable-rate
            bank borrowings. The interest rate swaps and the corresponding bank borrowings have the same terms, such
            as principal amounts, interest rate spread, start dates, repayment data, maturity and counterparties, and the
            directors of the Company consider that the interest rate swaps are highly effective hedging instruments. Major
            terms of the interest rate swaps as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 are set out below:

            At 31 December 2018

            Notional amount                  Contract date        Maturity date         Receive              Pay
            (Note)

            US$40,000,000                     23 June 2017        23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%           3.52%
            US$32,000,000                     10 July 2017        23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%           3.52%
            US$113,000,000                   18 August 2017       23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%           3.54%
            US$15,000,000                  11 September 2017      23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%           3.54%




161   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

   Interest rate swaps – continued

   At 31 December 2017

   Notional amount                  Contract date       Maturity date          Receive              Pay
   (Note)

   US$140,000,000                   23 June 2017         23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%          3.52%
   US$32,000,000                    10 July 2017         23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%          3.52%
   US$113,000,000                  18 August 2017        23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%          3.54%
   US$15,000,000                 11 September 2017       23 June 2020       LIBOR + 1.8%          3.54%

   Note:	The notional amount will be expired on 23 June 2020, which are the same as corresponding bank
         borrowings.

   The fair values of interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and
   discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates. All of the above interest
   rate swaps are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the
   fair value gain of approximately RMB4,121,000 (2017: RMB12,023,000), net of income tax of approximately
   RMB680,000 (2017: RMB1,984,000), resulting in a net amount of approximately RMB3,441,000 (2017:
   RMB10,039,000) have been recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity and are
   expected to be released to profit or loss at various dates during the lives of the swaps when the hedged
   interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.

   Foreign Exchange Forward Contract

   Notional amount                                         Maturity date        Exchange rate range agreed

   US$200,000,000 (Note)                                   23 June 2020         US$1:RMB6.7 to RMB7.2
   EUR1,500,000                                            4 January 2019       EUR1:RMB7.81

   Note:

   The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to minimize its exposure to exchange rate change on its
   bank borrowings. The foreign exchange forward contracts and the corresponding bank borrowings have the
   same principal amounts and maturity dates.




                                                                      CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED        162
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      31. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                         shares                Amount
                                                                                           ‘000               RMB’000
            Ordinary shares of US$0.005 each
            Authorised
            At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017 and
             31 December 2018                                                        20,000,000                765,218
            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017                                        2,487,247                 85,200
            Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                        (6,839)                 (237)
            At 31 December 2018                                                        2,480,408                 84,963


            Note: During the year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through The Stock Exchange of Hong
            Kong Limited as follows:

            Date of                       No. of ordinary               Price per share                 Aggregated
            repurchase               shares of US$0.005 each       Highest          Lowest           consideration paid

            11 October 2018                 1,122,000              HK$8.90          HK$8.78            HK$9,960,300
            12 October 2018                  150,000               HK$9.10          HK$9.07            HK$1,364,800
            15 October 2018                  150,000               HK$9.27          HK$9.24            HK$1,398,810
            16 October 2018                  500,000               HK$9.12          HK$9.03            HK$4,542,680
            18 October 2018                  500,000               HK$9.00          HK$8.90            HK$4,479,210
            19 October 2018                  500,000               HK$9.18          HK$9.16            HK$4,589,840
            23 October 2018                  500,000               HK$9.09          HK$8.93            HK$4,504,150
            25 October 2018                  500,000               HK$9.10          HK$8.97            HK$4,525,610
            26 October 2018                  500,000               HK$8.86          HK$8.75            HK$4,418,130
            14 November 2018                 500,000               HK$9.20          HK$9.12            HK$4,576,230
            30 November 2018                 800,000               HK$8.52          HK$8.52            HK$6,816,000
            07 December 2018                1,117,000              HK$7.80          HK$7.64            HK$8,617,200

            The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.

            As the repurchase of ordinary shares disclosed above, 1,272,000 ordinary shares have been repurchased by a
            subsidiary of the Comapny during the year.

            Save as disclosed above, none of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
            Company’s listed securities during the year.




163   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




32. RESERVES
   Capital reserve

   Capital reserve resulted from transactions between the Group and its shareholders. It mainly represents
   equity shares of Shenzhen Kangzhe granted by Mr. Lam Kong, a director and former shareholder of Shenzhen
   Kangzhe, to certain employees for their services rendered in prior year, rights granted by Mr. Lam Kong to
   certain employees to receive cash at a pre-determined formula for their services rendered in prior year, waiver
   of an advance to the Company by Mr. Lam Kong in 2006, discount on acquisitions of additional interest in
   subsidiaries from Mr. Lam Kong in 2004 and 2005, the difference between the transfer of the entire interest in
   Shenzhen Kangzhe to Sino Talent Limited (“Sino Talent”) pursuant to the group restructuring in 2005 and the
   nominal value of Shenzhen Kangzhe’s share capital, and difference between the par value of shares issued
   by the Company for the entire interest in CMS International Limited (“CMS International”) and Healthlink
   Consultancy Inc. (“Healthlink”) pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2006 and the nominal value of the issued
   share capital of CMS International and Healthlink in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares. The
   balance was reduced by the capitalisation issue in 2007. The equity shares and rights granted by Mr. Lam
   Kong to certain employees had been terminated on or before 2006.

   On 19 April 2010, the Group acquired an additional interest in Sky United. An amount of approximately
   RMB15,026,000, representing the excess of the fair value of the new ordinary shares issued by the Company
   over the decrease in the carrying value of the non-controlling interest is charged to capital reserve.

   During the year ended 31 December 2010, a deemed distribution to a shareholder was charged to capital
   reserve in respect of expenses incurred for a shareholder during the initial public offering exercise by the
   Company.

   Surplus reserve fund

   Articles of Association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC require the appropriation of certain
   percentage of their profit after taxation each year to the surplus reserve fund until the balance reaches 50%
   of the registered capital of the relevant subsidiaries. In normal circumstances, the surplus reserve fund shall
   only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the subsidiaries’
   production and operation. For the capitalisation of surplus reserve fund into registered capital, the remaining
   amount of such reserve shall not be less than 25% of the registered capital.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         164
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      33. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of cash and cash equivalents, bank borrowings and equity
            attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves including accumulated
            profits.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review,
            the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
            recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
            dividends and new share issues.


      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                             2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
            Financial assets
            Derivative instruments under hedge accounting
             (cash flow hedges-interest rate swaps)                                         16,144              12,023
            Derivative financial instruments
             – foreign exchange forward contracts                                           16,722                   -
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                           2,556,969                   -
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                   241,232                   -
            Loans and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents)                          -           2,370,309
            AFS investment                                                                       -              23,020
            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                           (1,672,215)          (2,440,127)




165   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

   Financial risk management objectives and policies

   The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables,
   amount due from an associate, derivative financial instruments, AFS investments, bank balances and cash,
   trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred consideration payables. Details of these financial
   instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include
   market risk (interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies
   on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to
   ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

   Market risk

   Interest rate risk management

   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank borrowings (see note 27).

   The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances (see note 24)
   and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 27). The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated
   on the fluctuation of interest rates at LIBOR arising from the Group’s US$ denominated borrowings. The Group
   aims at keeping borrowings at fixed rates. In order to achieve this result, the Group entered into interest rate
   swaps to hedge against its exposures to changes in cash flow of the borrowings. The critical terms of these
   interest rate swaps are similar to those of hedged borrowings. These interest rates swaps are designated as
   effective hedging instruments and hedge accounting is used (see note 30). Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is
   presented.

   Interest income of RMB26,076,000 (2017: RMB17,654,000) from financial assets that are measured at
   amortised cost and loans and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents) for the year ended 31
   December 2018.

   Interest expense of RMB71,885,000 (2017: RMB82,250,000) on financial liabilities not measured at fair value
   through profit or loss that are measured at amortised cost for the year ended 31 December 2018.

   Foreign currency risk management

   Some subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency purchases, which expose the Group to foreign
   currency risk. Approximately 57% (2017: 31.9%) of the Group’s purchases are denominated in currencies
   other than the functional currencies of the group entities making the purchase. All sales of the Group are
   denominated in functional currency of the group entities making the sale. Management conducts periodic
   review of exposure and settlements of various currencies, and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
   exposures should the need arise.




                                                                              CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED             166
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Market risk - continued

            Foreign currency risk management - continued

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (representing equity
            instruments at FVTOCI, AFS investment and bank balances and cash) and monetary liabilities (representing
            trade and other payables, deferred consideration payables and bank borrowings) at the reporting date are as
            follows:

                                                           Assets                                  Liabilities
                                                         2018                2017                 2018                2017
                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000

            GBP                                         90,337               23,940                   -                   -
            US$                                        173,992                2,090           1,362,587           1,940,048
            EUR                                         54,369               19,658              24,616              37,412
            CHF                                          2,547                1,057                   -                   -
            HK$                                          2,990                2,361                   -                   -


            The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of the GBP, US$, EUR, CHF and HK$. The following table details
            the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2017: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currencies of the relevant
            group entities against the relevant foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
            currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5%
            (2017: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes equity instruments at FVTOCI,
            AFS investments, bank balances, trade and other payables, bank borrowings and deferred consideration
            payables of which the foreign currency exposures are not hedged with hedging instruments. A positive/
            negative number below indicates an increase/decrease in post-tax profit for the year where the functional
            currencies of the relevant group entities strengthen 5% (2017: 5%) against the relevant foreign currencies. If
            there is a 5% (2017: 5%) weakening in functional currencies of the relevant group entities against the relevant
            foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year:

                                                                                                2018                  2017
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against GBP                                                (3,388)                (898)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against US$                                               44,571               72,673
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against EUR                                                (1,116)                666
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against CHF                                                   (96)                 (40)
            RMB (as functional currency of the
             relevant group entities) against HK$                                                  (112)                 (89)


167   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Market risk - continued

   Foreign currency risk management - continued

   In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the
   year end exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during the year.

   Other price risk management

   The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities. The Group’s equity price
   risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in pharmaceutical industry sector quoted in the
   London Stock Exchange.

   In management’s opinion, the Group’s exposure to other price risk is minimal and therefore, no sensitivity
   analysis is prepared.

   Credit risk and impairment assessment

   The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties failure to perform their
   obligations as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 in relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the
   carrying amount of those assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

   In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
   determination of credit limits, credit approvals. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-
   up action is taken to recover overdue debts. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assesses the
   potential customers’ credit quality and defines credit limits by customers. In addition, the Group performs
   impairment assessment under ECL model upon application of IFRS 9 (2017: incurred loss model) on trade
   balances individually or based on provision matrix. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that
   the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

   The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are banks with good reputation.

   The Group has concentration of credit risk on amount due from an associate. As at 31 December
   2018, the carrying amount of the Group’s amount due from an associate was RMB169,565,000 (2017:
   RMB151,023,000). The directors of the Company do not consider that the credit risk in relation to the amount
   due from an associate is significant because the associate is financially healthy.




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED          168
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

            Other than concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks with high credit
            ratings and amount due from an associate, the Group has no significant concentration of credit risk on trade
            and other receivables, with exposure spread over a number of counterparties and customers.

            The Group has concentration of credit risk by geographical location as majority of the customers are located in
            the PRC for both years.

            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

            Internal                                                                                     Other
            credit rating   Description                                       Trade receivables          financial assets
            Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk of default and    Lifetime ECL -             12m ECL
                            does not have any past-due amounts                not credit-impaired

            Watch list      Debtor frequently settles after due date          Lifetime ECL -             12m ECL
                                                                              not credit-impaired
            Doubtful        There have been significant increases in credit Lifetime ECL -               Lifetime ECL - not
                            risk since initial recognition through information not credit-impaired       credit-impaired
                            developed internally or external resources
            Loss            There is evidence indicating the asset is credit- Lifetime ECL -             Lifetime ECL -
                            impaired                                          credit-impaired            credit-impaired
            Write-off       There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in Amount is written off     Amount is written off
                            severe financial difficulty and the Group has no
                            realistic prospectof recovery

            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
            assessment:


                                                                  Internal                                         Gross
                                                                   credit                                         carrying
                              2018                      Notes      rating    12-month or lifetime ECL             amounts
                                                                                                                  RMB’000
            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Trade receivables                            22       Note 1     Lifetime ECL (provisional matrix)     1,286,596
                                                                  Loss       Credit impaired                           3,934
                                                                                                                   1,290,530

            Bills receivables (Note 2)                   22       Low risk   12m ECL                                 291,621
            Amount due from an associate (Note 2)        23       Low risk   12m ECL                                 169,565




169   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      (CONTINUED)
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

   Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

   Credit risk and impairment assessment - continued

   Notes:

   (1)	For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss
        allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for debtors with significant outstanding balances or credit-impaired,
        the Group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, grouped by
        internal credit rating.

            As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers
            in relation to its pharmaceutical operation. The following table provides information about the exposure
            to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed based on provision matrix as at 31 December
            2018 within lifetime ECL (not credit impaired). Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amount
            of RMB3,934,000 as at 31 December 2018 were assessed individually.

            Gross carrying amount
                                                                                 Average               Trade
            Internal credit rating                                               loss rate          receivables
                                                                                                     RMB’000
            Low risk                                                              0.1%                   1,008,465
            Watch list                                                            1.2%                     276,349
            Doubtful                                                              100%                       1,782
                                                                                                         1,286,596


            The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life
            of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
            effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific
            debtors is updated.

            The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
            financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
            under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over
            three years past due, whichever occurs earlier. The Group has taken legal action against the debtors to
            recover the amount due. No additional impairment loss on trade receivables has been provided during
            the year ended 31 December 2018 as the Group has already made adequate provision for credit loss on
            trade receivables as at 31 December 2017.

   (2)	The Group assessed the loss allowance for bills receivables and amount due from an associate on
       12-month ECL basis. In determining the ECL, the Group has taken into account the historical default
       experience and forward looking information as appropriate. There had been no significant increase in
       credit risk since initial recognition. The Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate
       in connection with payments and concluded that credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding balances
       is insignificant.


                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         170
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

            Financial risk management objectives and policies - continued

            Liquidity risk management
            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
            deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
            in cash flows.

            Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors, which has built an
            appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and long-
            term funding and liquidity management requirements.

            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
            based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
            financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically, bank loans
            with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the probability of the
            banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative financial liabilities are based
            on the agreed repayment dates.

            The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
            undiscounted amount is derived from current interest rate at the end of the reporting period.


                                              Weighted Repayable on                               Total     Carrying
                                              average   demand or                             undiscounted amount at
                                              interest   less than   1 to 5             Over      cash    31 December
                                                rate       1 year    years            5 years    flows        2018
                                                 %       RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2018
            Trade and other payables                  -        188,247            -           -        188,247        188,247
            Deferred consideration payables          10          8,847       11,134           -         19,981         18,773
            Fixed rate bank borrowings             5.22         25,326       93,203           -        118,529        105,000
            Variable-rate bank borrowings          3.54         48,151    1,380,455           -      1,428,606      1,360,195
                                                               270,571    1,484,792           -      1,755,363      1,672,215


                                              Weighted Repayable on                               Total     Carrying
                                              average   demand or                             undiscounted amount at
                                              interest   less than   1 to 5             Over      cash    31 December
                                                rate       1 year    years            5 years    flows        2017
                                                 %       RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2017
            Trade and other payables                  -        308,381            -          -         308,381        308,381
            Deferred consideration payables          10          8,802       19,079      1,000          28,881         26,698
            Fixed rate bank borrowings             5.17         68,358      122,325          -         190,683        165,000
            Variable-rate bank borrowings          3.53         68,581    2,033,286          -       2,101,867      1,940,048
                                                               454,122    2,174,690      1,000       2,629,812      2,440,127




171   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (CONTINUED)
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
   basis

   Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
   following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in particular,
   the valuation techniques and inputs used).


                                                                       Fair value        Valuation technique(s)
      Financial assets                 Fair value as at                hierarchy            and key input(s)
                                 31/12/2018        31/12/2017

   1) Interest rate swaps      Assets -           Assets -       Level 2            Discounted cash flow.
        classified as          RMB16,144,000      RMB12,023,000;                    Future cash flows are estimated
        derivative financial                                                        based on forward interest rates
        instruments                                                                 (from observable yield curves
                                                                                    a t t h e e n d o f t h e re p o r t i n g
                                                                                    period) and contracted interest
                                                                                    rates, discounted at a rate that
                                                                                    reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                    counterparties.



   2) Foreign exchange         Assets -           Nil                 Level 2       Discounted cash flow.
        forward contracts      RMB16,722,000                                        Future cash flows are estimated
        classified as                                                               based on forward exchange
        derivative financial                                                        rate and contracted exchange
        instruments                                                                 rate, discounted at a rate that
                                                                                    reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                    counterparties.


   3)	Equity instruments at Listed equity         Listed equity       Level 1       Quoted bid prices in an active
       FVTOCI - Listed/     securities on the     securities on the                 market.
       AFS investment       London Stock          London Stock
                            Exchange -            Exchange -
                            RMB10,279,000         RMB23,020,000
   4)	Equity instrument at Unlisted equity Nil                        Level 3       Back-solve approach.
       FVTOCI - Unlisted investments:                                               Black-Scholes Option Pricing
                           RMB230,953,000                                           Model are based on risk-free
                                                                                    rate, expected dividend yield and
                                                                                    liquidation timing.




                                                                           CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                 172
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued
            Fair value measurements of financial instruments - continued

            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
            basis - continued

            There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the year.

            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities
            recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.


      35. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
          ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
            cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
            activities.

                                                                             Deferred
                                                              Bank         consideration       Dividend
                                                           borrowings        payables          payables           Total
                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                            (note 27)        (note 28)         (note 12)

            At 1 January 2018                                 2,105,048            26,698                 -        2,131,746
            Financing cash flows                               (762,969)            (9,807)        (728,515)      (1,501,291)
            Dividends declared                                        -                  -          728,515          728,515
            Finance costs                                        70,029              1,856                -           71,885
            Net foreign exchange loss                            53,087                 26                -           53,113
            At 31 December 2018                               1,465,195            18,773                   -      1,483,968

                                                                             Deferred
                                                               Bank        consideration       Dividend
                                                           borrowings        payables          payables           Total
                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                             (note 27)        (note 28)         (note 12)

            At 1 January 2017                                 1,612,398         1,118,463                 -        2,730,861
            Financing cash flows                                338,944        (1,072,889)         (611,117)      (1,345,062)
            Dividends declared                                        -                  -          611,117          611,117
            Finance costs                                        79,524              2,726                -            82,250
            Net foreign exchange loss (gain)                     74,182            (10,088)               -            64,094
            Others (note 36)                                          -            (11,514)               -           (11,514)
            At 31 December 2017                               2,105,048            26,698                   -      2,131,746




173   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




36. NON-CASH TRANSACTION
   During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group agreed with Pharma to settle the deferred consideration
   payable of EUR2,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB15,358,000) on a net basis, upon offsetting with
   the interest-bearing and secured loan receivable due from Pharma with a carrying amount of EUR1,500,000
   (equivalent to approximately RMB11,514,000). The remaining balance of EUR500,000 (equivalent to
   RMB3,844,000) was settled by the Group in cash.


37. OPERATING LEASE
   The Group as lessee

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments under non-
   cancellable operating leases which fall due as follows:

                                                                                       2018                 2017
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

   Within one year                                                                     4,152                5,066
   In the second to fifth year inclusive                                               6,289               10,472
                                                                                      10,441               15,538


   Operating lease payments represent rental payable by the Group for certain of its office premises. The lease is
   negotiated for a lease term of 1 to 5 years at fixed monthly rental. All operating lease contracts contain market
   review clauses in the event that the Group exercises its option to renew.

   The Group does not have an option to purchase the leased asset at the expiry of the lease period.


38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                       2018                 2017
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
   Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
    property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
    contracted for but not provided in the consolidated
    financial statements                                                              20,560               21,568




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         174
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related financial parties of the
            Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions
            between the Group and other related parties are disclosed below, in addition to the transactions and balances
            disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements.

            (a)	The Group entered into the following transactions with related parties during the year:

                    Name of
                    related company          Relationship     Nature of transactions              2018              2017
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

                    Ophol                    Associate        Interest expense                       71               354
                    Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate        Promotion income                  406,084           305,612
                    Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate        Purchase of goods                       -           161,424
                    Tibet Pharmaceutical     Associate        Interest income                         -            10,295


            (b)	On 8 May 2015, A&B (HK) Company Limited (“A&B”), a company wholly-owned by a controlling
                shareholder of the Company, entered into agreements with Faron Pharmaceuticals, Ltd (“Faron”), to
                acquire 15.72% of the shareholding of Faron, assets related to Traumakine in the PRC, Hong Kong,
                Macau and Taiwan (the “Territory”), intellectual properties related to Traumakine from the Territory and the
                right to exchange Traumakine information with Faron.

            	On 19 May 2015, the Group entered into agreements with A&B and/or Faron respectively, to acquire
              the assets related to Traumakine in the Territory. The consideration for above transfer will be further
              negotiated and agreed between A&B and the Group at a later stage prior to the launch of Traumakine
              in the Territory, the amount would be calculated with reference to the net sales of Traumakine in the
              Territory.

                  The acquisition was not yet completed up to the date of this report.

            (c)	The key management personnel includes solely the directors of the Company and the compensation
                 paid to them as disclosed in note 8.

      40. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in the PRC are members of the state-managed retirement benefit
            schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
            percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

            The employees employed in Hong Kong are required to join the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
            Scheme”). Contributions to the MPF Scheme are made in accordance with the statutory limits prescribed by
            the Mandatory Provident Fund Ordinance of Hong Kong.

            During the year, the total expense recognised in the profit or loss for the above schemes amounted to
            RMB43,052,000 (2017: RMB26,942,000).




175   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME
   The 2009 Scheme was adopted by the Board on 31 July 2009 (“Adoption Date”). Unless terminated earlier by
   the Board, the 2009 Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 20 years commencing on the Adoption
   Date. Pursuant to the rules of the 2009 Scheme, the Company set up a trust through a trustee (the “Trustee”),
   Fully Profit Management (PTC) Limited, for the purpose of administration the 2009 Scheme. A summary of
   some of the principal terms of the 2009 Scheme is set out in below.

   (a)	The purpose of the 2009 Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain employees who have
        been actively involved in the business development of the Group and to establish and maintain a
        superannuation fund for the purpose of providing retiring allowances for certain employees (including
        without limitation employees who are also directors) of the Group, and to give incentive in order to retain
        them for the continual operation and development of the Group.

   (b)	Under the 2009 Scheme, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) may, from time to time, at its absolute
       discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think appropriate select an employee
       (the “Member”) who completed 10 years’ services in the Group (subject to consent of the Board if the
       employee completed 5 years’ services in the Group) for participation in the 2009 Scheme for 10 years
       after retirement (the “Payment Year”) (subject to adjustment set out in (d) below).

   (c)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount not less than 0.5%, but
        no more than 3% of its after tax profits shown on the audited consolidated financial statements of the
        Group, or issue such number of shares of the Company to the Trustee in consideration of payment of
        such amount as the Board may determine with reference to the aforesaid contribution as against the
        then market value of the shares of the Company (the “Yearly Contributions”), subject to the Board’s
        approval.

   (d)	The amount payable to the Members depends on the value of the assets held by the Trustee (the
        “Fund”). If the value of the Fund is less than the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by
        the Company, the amount payable to the Members and the Payment Year will be adjusted by a factor
        derived from the value of the Fund and the aggregate amount of contributions previously made by the
        Company. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Yearly Contributions to the Fund. As
        such, the 2009 Scheme is classified as defined contribution scheme.




                                                                        CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED         176
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      41. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SCHEME - continued

            On 22 December 2016, the Board has resolved to adopt two new employee incentive schemes, with details as
            follows:

            (a)	The Bonus Scheme

                  i.	This scheme is for the purpose of providing discretionary cash bonuses to selected employees of
                       the Group to recognise their contribution to the Group.
                  ii.	This scheme is open to the employees employed by the Group, except for the directors of the
                       Company.

            (b)	The New KEB Scheme

                  i.	The New KEB Scheme will replace the 2009 Scheme and shall comprise terms which are
                       substantially similar to the 2009 Scheme.
                  ii.	The subsisting rights of all participants under 2009 Scheme will be rolled over to the New KEB
                       Scheme.

            For the purposes of effecting the merger and facilitating the administration of the Bonus Scheme and the
            New KEB Scheme, the Company has resolved to set up a new trust comprising the Bonus Scheme and KEB
            Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Master Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Master
            Scheme shall be valid and effective until the later of the termination of the Bonus Scheme or the New KEB
            Scheme. The term of each of the Bonus Scheme and the New KEB Scheme is 20 years subject to the terms
            of their respective scheme rules. TMF Trust (HK) Limited (“TMF”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is
            appointed as the initial trustee of the new trust (the “New Trustee”).

            A summary of some of the principal terms of the Bonus Scheme is set out in below:

            (a)	The Company will, on a yearly basis, contribute the sum equal to an amount of 5% to 15% on the net
                 profit growth on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (“Annual Contribution”),
                 subjected to the approval from the Benefit Scheme Executive Committee, comprising executive directors
                 of the Company. No contribution will be made by the Company if there is no growth on the net profit in
                 the year.

            (b)	The amount payable to the members of the Bonus Scheme in a financial year depends on a variety of
                 factors, including the value of the assets held by the New Trustee (the “New Fund”), the appreciation
                 in the value of the assets held under the New Fund, the financial performance of the Group and the
                 performances of individual employees during the year. The New Fund is independent from the Company
                 and the change in value of the New Fund has no impact on the Group’s financial performance and
                 financial position. The only obligation of the Company is to make the Annual Contributions to the New
                 Fund subject to the terms of the scheme rules of the Bonus Scheme. The Bonus Scheme is classified
                 as a discretionary scheme of the Company.

            During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company recognised an expense of RMB9,000,000 (2017:
            RMB30,000,000) on the Master Scheme based on the Group’s financial performance. RMB9,000,000 (2017:
            RMB30,000,000) were recognised as employee benefit expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
            and other comprehensive income.




177   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                (CONTINUED)
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




42. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017, the details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set as follows:

                                  Place of                Issue and
                               incorporation/              fully paid
                               establishment            share capital/                     Equity interest
    Name of subsidiaries       and operation          registered capital                 held by the Group                   Principal activities
             (Note i)                            31 December       31 December      31 December       31 December
                                                    2018             2017                 2018                2017
                                                                                   Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

   CMS International           British Virgin     US$10,000       US$10,000        100%         -       100%         -       Investment holding
    (Note a)                    Islands

   Kangzhe Hunan               PRC               RMB36,750,000 RMB36,750,000          -      100%         -       100% Production of
    (wholly-owned                                                                                                       medicines
    domestic enterprise)

   Tibet Kangzhe Enterprise PRC                  RMB10,000,000 RMB10,000,000          -      100%         -       100% Investment holding
    Management Co. Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)

   Kangzhe Pharmaceutical      British Virgin    RMB21,288,000 RMB21,288,000          -      100%         -       100% Investment holding
    Industrial Ltd. (Note a)    Islands

   Shenzhen Kangzhe            PRC              RMB350,000,000 RMB350,000,000         -      100%         -       100% Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                               promotion
    enterprise)                                                                                                         and sale of drugs

   Sino Talent                 Hong Kong                   HK$1             HK$1      -      100%         -       100% Investment holding

   Sky United                  Hong Kong                HK$10            HK$10        -      100%         -       100% Trading of drugs

   Changde Kangzhe           PRC                  RMB2,000,000    RMB2,000,000        -      100%         -       100% Marketing and
    Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                            promotion of drugs
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)(Note b)

   CMS Pharma                  Malaysia                    US$1             US$1      -      100%         -       100% Trading of drugs

   Kangzhe Pharmaceutical PRC                    RMB50,000,000 RMB50,000,000          -      100%         -       100% Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)
   Great move (Note a)         British Virgin        US$10,000       US$10,000        -      100%         -       100% Investment holding
                                Islands

   Generous Wealth Limited Hong Kong                       HK$1             HK$1      -      100%         -       100% Investment holding
    (Note a)

   Tianjin Kangzhe             PRC              RMB500,000,000 RMB500,000,000         -      100%         -       100% Marketing,
    (wholly foreign-owned                                                                                               promotion
                                                                                                                        and sale of drugs
    enterprise)

   Lengshuijiang Kangzhe    PRC                   RMB7,000,000    RMB6,000,000        -      100%         -       100% Production of
   Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd,                                                                                             medicines
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)
   Kangzhe Agricultural        PRC               RMB20,000,000 RMB20,000,000          -      100%         -       100% Agriculture
    (wholly-owned domestic
    enterprise)




                                                                                          CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED                     178
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




      42. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY - continued
                                                  Place of                      Issue and
                                               incorporation/                    fully paid
                                               establishment                  share capital/                              Equity interest
              Name of subsidiaries             and operation                registered capital                          held by the Group              Principal activities
                       (Note i)                                       31 December        31 December             31 December         31 December
                                                                          2018               2017                     2018                2017
                                                                                                               Directly Indirectly Directly Indirectly

            香港鼎成投資有限公司                         Hong Kong                   HK$10,000              HK$10,000       -       100%         -       100%     Investment holding
             (Note a)

            Bridging Pharma Limited            United Kingdom                  GBP100                GBP100       -       100%         -       100%     Investment holding
             (Note a)

            Bridging Pharma GmbH               Switzerland                 CHF20,000              CHF20,000       -       100%         -       100%     Investment holding
             (Note a)

            Xili Pharmaceutical                PRC                   RMB11,360,000 RMB11,360,000                  -      52.01%        -      52.01% Production of
             (sino-foreign                                                                                                                            medicines
             equity joint venture)

            Tibet Kangzhe Technology PRC                              RMB3,000,000              RMB3,000,000      -       100%         -       100%     Marketing and
             (wholly-owned domestic                                                                                                                      promotion of drugs
             subsidiary)

            Tibet Kangzhe                      PRC                 RMB100,000,000 RMB100,000,000                  -       100%         -       100%     Trading of drugs
             Development
             (wholly-owned
             domestic subsidiary)

            CMS Bridging Limited               Hong Kong                          HK$1                 HK$1       -       100%         -       100%     Investment holding
             (formerly known as
             Everest Fortune
             Limited) (Note c)

            CMS Medical Venture                British Virgin              US$50,000               US$50,000      -       100%         -       100%     Investment holding
             Investment Limited                 Island

            CMS Medical Limited                Malaysia                           US$1                     -      -       100%         -          -     Investment holding
             (Note d)

            CMS Medical Venture                Hong Kong                       HK$100                      -      -       100%         -          -     Investment holding
             Investment Limited
             (HK) Limited (Note e)

            CMS Bridging Trading               Macau                     MOP$25,000                        -      -       100%         -          -     Investment holding
             Macau Limited (Note f)

            CMS Medical Hong Kong Hong Kong                                       HK$1                     -      -       100%         -          -     Investment holding
             Limted (Note g)

            Shenzhen Kangzhe                   PRC                   RMB10,000,000                         -      -       100%         -          -     Provision of service
             Pharmaceutical Service
             Limited (Note h)

            Notes:

            (a) Being inactive subsidiaries.
            (b) The subsidiary was deregistered on 23 January 2019.
            (c) The subsidiary was established on 6 January 2016 and changed its name as CMS Bridging Limited in 2018.
            (d) The subsidiary was established on 16 May 2018.
            (e) The subsidiary was established on 29 May 2018.
            (f) The subsidiary was established on 28 December 2018.
            (g) The subsidiary was established on 26 September 2018.
            (h) The subsidiary was established on 20 December 2018.
            (i) None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the yea




179   CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED
      ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (CONTINUED)
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




43. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
   Non-current asset
    Interests in subsidiaries                                                      3,236,839         3,236,306
   Current assets
    Amount due from a subsidiary                                                   1,900,000           800,000
    Bank balances and cash                                                             2,403               234
                                                                                   1,902,403           800,234
   Current liabilities
    Amount due to a subsidiary                                                        2,958              2,958
    Other payables and accruals                                                       3,698              2,506
                                                                                      6,656              5,464
   Net current assets                                                              1,895,747           794,770
   Total assets less current liabilities                                           5,132,586         4,031,076
   Capital and reserves
    Share capital (note 31)                                                           84,963            85,200
    Reserves                                                                       5,047,623         3,945,876
   Total equity                                                                    5,132,586         4,031,076


   Movement in reserves


                                             Share        Capital  Accumulated      Dividend
                                           premium       reserve     profits        reserve         Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
   Balance at 1 January 2017                2,444,296        6,960    1,034,373        289,516      3,775,145
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                             -           -       781,848               -        781,848
   Dividends paid                                   -           -      (321,601)       (289,516)      (611,117)
   Dividends proposed                               -           -      (346,474)        346,474              -
   Balance at 31 December 2017             2,444,296        6,960     1,148,146         346,474      3,945,876
   Profit and total comprehensive
    income for the year                             -           -     1,883,045               -      1,883,045
   Dividends paid                                   -           -      (382,041)       (346,474)      (728,515)
   Dividends proposed                               -           -      (355,691)        355,691               -
   Repurchase of ordinary shares              (52,783)          -             -               -         (52,783)
   Balance at 31 December 2018             2,391,513        6,960     2,293,459         355,691      5,047,623




                                                                         CHINA MEDICAL SYSTEM HOLDINGS LIMITED     180
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018
