                        Dexus (ASX:DXS)
                        ASX release




For personal use only
                        14 August 2019
                        2019 Annual Report
                        Dexus provides its 2019 Annual Report which will be mailed to Security holders who have elected to
                        receive a hard copy on 29 August 2019.



                        For further information please contact:
                         Investor Relations                                             Media Relations
                         Rowena Causley                                                 Louise Murray
                         +61 2 9017 1390                                                +61 2 9017 1446
                         +61 416 122 383                                                +61 403 260 754
                         rowena.causley@dexus.com                                       louise.murray@dexus.com


                        About Dexus
                        Dexus is one of Australia’s leading real estate groups, proudly managing a high quality Australian property portfolio
                        valued at $31.8 billion. We believe that the strength and quality of our relationships is central to our success, and are
                        deeply committed to working with our customers to provide spaces that engage and inspire. We invest only in Australia,
                        and directly own $15.6 billion of office and industrial properties. We manage a further $16.2 billion of office, retail,
                        industrial and healthcare properties for third party clients. The group’s circa $9.3 billion development and concept
                        pipeline provides the opportunity to grow both portfolios and enhance future returns. With 1.7 million square metres of
                        office workspace across 53 properties, we are Australia’s preferred office partner. Dexus is a Top 50 entity by market
                        capitalisation listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (trading code: DXS) and is supported by 26,000 investors
                        from 19 countries. With 35 years of expertise in property investment, development and asset management, we have a
                        proven track record in capital and risk management, providing service excellence to tenants and delivering superior risk-
                        adjusted returns for investors. www.dexus.com
                        Download the Dexus IR app
                        Download the Dexus IR app to your preferred mobile device to gain instant access to the latest stock price, ASX
                        Announcements, presentations, reports, webcasts and more.
                        Dexus Funds Management Ltd ABN 24 060 920 783, AFSL 238163, as Responsible Entity for Dexus (ASX: DXS)
         Annual
         Report
         2019




For personal use only
         Securing opportunities.
         Adding value.
         Securing opportunities.
         Adding value.




For personal use only
         The 2019 financial year was an active
         one for Dexus, where we have leveraged
         our capabilities to secure opportunities with
         embedded value that will enhance returns
         for Dexus Security holders into the future.


         Through our day-to-day operational
         focus on leasing, funds management,
         development management, customer
         and sustainability we have continued
         to create sustained value for our
         stakeholders.




         About this
         report

         We are in the process of redesigning our reporting
         to better articulate how we deliver long-term value
         for Dexus Security holders, our third party capital
         partners and other key stakeholders. This report
         refers to the International Integrated Reporting
         Council <IR> Framework to outline our strategy, key
         resources and business activities undertaken to
         create sustained value. We also explore the external
         factors, or key megatrends, influencing our business
         model as well as identify the key risks and material
         issues that could impact our business.
                                                                                                                                  Dexus 2019 Annual Report           1




                                                            In this
                                                            report

                                                            Overview
                                                            FY19 highlights               2
                                                            About Dexus                   4




For personal use only
                                                            Our purpose                   5
                                                            Chair and CEO review          6

                        +
                        Our people are inspired and
                                                            Approach 
                                                            How we create value
                                                            Megatrends
                                                                                          12
                                                                                         14
                        motivated to create spaces          Strategy                     16
                        where people thrive, supported      Key business activities      18
                        by a culture that delivers          Key resources               20
                        sustained value for our investors   Material issues and risks
                        and other stakeholders.             Material issues             22
                                                            Key risks                   24
                                                            Performance
                                                            Financial                   28
                                                            Properties                  38
                                                            People and capabilities     50
                                                            Customers and communities   54
                                                            Environment                 58
                                                            Governance 62
                                                            Board of Directors          64
                                                            Directors’ report           68
                                                            Remuneration report         68
                                                            Directors’ report           90
                                                            Financial report            95
                                                            Investor information       157


                                                            2019 Annual
                                                            Reporting Suite

                                                            Dexus presents its 2019 Annual Reporting Suite
                                                            for the year ended 30 June 2019, available at
                                                            www.dexus.com/investor-centre
                                                            Annual
                                                            Report
                                                            2019                                                    2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                    An integrated summary of the value created
                                                            Securing opportunities.
                                                            Adding value.




                                                                                                                    across Dexus’s key resources and the
                                                                                                                    Consolidated Financial report.
                                                            Financial
                                                            Statements                                              2019 Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    The Financial Statements for Dexus Industrial
                                                            2019




                                                                                                                    Trust, Dexus Office Trust and Dexus Operations
                                                                                                                    Trust, which should be read in conjunction
                                                                                      The Financial Statements
                                                                                      for Dexus Industrial Trust,
                                                                                      Dexus Office Trust and
                                                                                      Dexus Operations Trust.




                                                                                                                    with the 2019 Annual Report.
                                                                                                                    2019 Sustainability Performance Pack
                                                                                                                    Comprehensive sustainability reporting that
                                                                                                                    supports the results outlined in the 2019
                                                                                                                    Annual Report.
                                                            Annual
                                                            Results
                                                            Presentation
                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Results Presentation
                                                                                                                    A summary of Dexus’s operational and
                                                            2019




                                                                                      A summary of Dexus’s
                                                                                                                    financial performance.
                                                                                      operational and
                                                                                      financial performance.




                                                                                                                    2019 Property Synopsis
                                                                                                                    An overview of Dexus’s property portfolio.




                                                            The 2019 Annual Reporting Suite is available in
                                                            hard copy by email request to ir@dexus.com or
                                                            by calling +61 1800 819 675.

                                                            www.dexus2019.reportonline.com.au
         2       Overview / FY19 highlights




         FY19 highlights




For personal use only
         Throughout this report we detail the key
         resources and relationships we rely on
         to create value now and into the future.




         Financial
                                              5.0 5.5
                                              Growth in
                                                               %
                                                                          Growth in
                                                                                          %
                                              distribution per security   AFFO per security
         Maintaining strong financial
         performance by delivering            FY18: 5.1% growth           FY18: 5.1% growth
         on our strategy




                                              10.1                %
                                              Return on Contributed Equity
                        p.28                  FY18: 7.6%




                                              $
                                                  1.6bn
         Properties                           Gross Value Added to the Australian
                                              economy from developments completed
         Our strategy is underpinned          in FY19 and currently underway
         by our business activities of




                                              10,149
         developing, managing and
         transacting properties




                                              Construction jobs supported from
                                              developments completed in FY19
                        p.38                  and currently underway
                                                                              Dexus 2019 Annual Report   3




                                                                  +
                                                                   40
                                                                  Employee Net Promoter Score

                        People and
                        capabilities
                                                                  37%




For personal use only
                        Attracting, retaining and
                        developing an engaged                     Females in senior and
                        workforce that delivers on                executive management roles
                        our strategy
                                                                  Progressing the 2021 target
                                                                  of a minimum of 40%
                                 p.50
                                                                  FY18: 34%




                                                                  +
                                                                      46
                        Customers and                             Customer Net Promoter Score


                        communities
                                                                  FY18: +32




                                                                         1.2m
                        Supporting the success of our
                        customers, the wellbeing of building
                        occupants, the strength of our local
                        communities and the capabilities
                                                                  >$
                        of our suppliers

                                                                  Community contribution value

                                                                  FY18: $1.0m
                                 p.54




                                                                  46GWh
                                                                  Contracted renewable energy to
                                                                  power 50% of the base building
                        Environment                               load for over 40 properties across
                                                                  our NSW group portfolio
                        Advancing the efficiency and
                        resilience of our portfolio to minimise
                        its environmental footprint and
                        mitigate climate risk
                                                                  950,351sqm
                                                                  Rated 5 star NABERS Energy or
                                                                  above across our group office
                                                                  portfolio (1m sqm target by 2020)

                                 p.58                             FY18: 892,000sqm
         4       Overview / About Dexus




        About
        Dexus

              31.8bn




For personal use only
         $                                Dexus is a Top 50 entity by market
                                          capitalisation listed on the Australian
         Total funds under                Securities Exchange (trading code: DXS)
         management                       and is supported by more than
                                          26,000 investors from 19 countries.

         157                              With 35 years of expertise in property,
                                          investment, development and asset
                                                                                         We consider sustainability to be an
                                                                                         integral part of our business with the
         Properties                       management, we have a proven track             objectives of leading cities, future-
                                          record in managing capital and risk to         enabled customers, strong communities,
                                          deliver superior risk-adjusted returns for     thriving people and an enriched
                                          our investors.                                 environment supporting our overarching
                                                                                         goal of sustained value.
                                          We invest only in Australia, and directly
                                          own $15.6 billion of office and industrial     We believe the strength and quality of


         4.7m
                                          properties. We manage a further                our relationships will always be central
                                          $16.2 billion of office, retail, industrial    to our success and we are deeply
                                          and healthcare properties for our third
                                                                                         committed to working with our customers
                                          party capital partners. The group’s circa
                                          $9.3 billion development and concept           to provide spaces that engage and
         square metres                    pipeline provides the opportunity to grow      inspire.
         across the group                 both portfolios and enhance future returns.




                                          Dexus group
                                          portfolio
         $    14bn                                                                                          Dexus $15.6bn                 Dexus
         Market capitalisation                                                                              Dexus Wholesale               Austra
         as at 30 June 2019                                                                                 Property Fund $10.4bn         Partne
                                                                                                            Dexus Industrial              Health
                                                                                                            Partner $0.2bn                Prope
                                                                                                            Australian Mandate $2.1bn     Dexus
                                                                                                                                          Logist



                                                             31.8bn
                                                                           Dexus $15.6bn                    Dexus Office Partner $2.5bn

                                                        $
         Top 50
                                                                           Dexus Wholesale                  Australian Industrial
                                                                           Property Fund $10.4bn            Partner $0.4bn
                                                                           Dexus Industrial                 Healthcare Wholesale
                                                             Funds under
                                                                     Partner $0.2bn                         Property Fund $0.1bn

         Entity on ASX                                       management
                                                                     Australian Mandate $2.1bn              Dexus Australian
                                                                                                            Logistics Partner $0.5bn




         539                                 Dexus $15.6bn                    Dexus Office Partner $2.5bn

         Employees                           Dexus Wholesale
                                             Property Fund $10.4bn
                                                                              Australian Industrial
                                                                              Partner $0.4bn
                                             Dexus Industrial                 Healthcare Wholesale
                                             Partner $0.2bn                   Property Fund $0.1bn
                                             Australian Mandate $2.1bn        Dexus Australian
                                                                              Logistics Partner $0.5bn
                                                                                                              Dexus 2019 Annual Report   5




                   Our
                   Purpose




For personal use only
                    Our purpose is an affirmation of our reason for
                    being in business and supports our strategy
                    and business model. It is the driving force
                    behind our brand and desired culture.
                    Who we are                    Why we come              What we                             How we behave
                    We are a passionate and       to work                  believe in                          and what we value
                    agile team who want to make
                                                  We create spaces where   We are here to create value for:    –– Openness and trust
                    a difference
                                                  people thrive            –– Our customers                    –– Empowerment
                                                                           –– Our investors                    –– Integrity
                                                                           –– Our communities
                                                                           –– Our people




                                                                                                Cairns

                                                                                                     Townsville




                                                                                                                  Brisbane




                                  Perth
                                                                                                              Sydney
                                                                              Adelaide
                                                                                                  Canberra

                                                                                            Melbourne




                    Group portfolio composition

                    $   21.8bn $4.6bn                                      $  5.1bn                            $   0.2bn
                    Office                        Industrial               Retail                              Healthcare
         6       Overview / Chair and CEO review




         Chair and
         CEO review




For personal use only
         We entered the year
         with a clear strategy and
         readiness to respond to
         both market opportunities
         and challenges.


                                                                                  Richard Sheppard                   Darren Steinberg
                                                                                  Chair                              Chief Executive Officer



         Our focus on maintaining a leading               This year we have adopted elements              –– The remaining 50% interest
         position in the Australian property              of integrated reporting to enhance                 in MLC Centre, Sydney
         market has been achieved through                 the way we report to our investors and             (25% Dexus, 25% DWPF),
         delivering strong financial results              demonstrate our focus on long-term                 enabling the commencement
         underpinned by the performance                   value creation. We also defined our                of a project to transform the
         of our portfolio, selective acquisitions         organisational purpose, which reinforces           precinct into a true mixed-use
         where we could add value, growth in              our reason for being in business. It is a          destination, which involved securing
         our funds management business and                key anchor for employee engagement                 a long-term lease with the
         the delivery of trading profits.                 and attracting talent, and will align our          NSW Government to enable the
                                                          decision making to values and principles           reactivation of the Theatre Royal
         Our strategic objectives of leadership in
                                                          beyond financial outcomes.                      –– Three properties located adjacent
         office and being the funds management
         partner of choice are underpinned by                                                                to 56 Pitt Street, Sydney (50% Dexus,
         two megatrends, urbanisation and                 Securing opportunities.                            50% Dexus Office Partner), two
                                                                                                             of which have exchanged to be
         the growth in global pension capital
         fund flows. Urbanisation will drive long
                                                          Adding value.                                      acquired on delayed settlement
         term value creation from our properties          A consequence of our scale means that              terms post 30 June 2019, providing
         located in key economic hubs around              we are continually reviewing acquisition           a compelling opportunity to
         Australia, while the growth in global            opportunities and seeking properties               consolidate the site and create a
         pension capital fund flows is contributing       where we can add value.                            potential super site (Pitt and Bridge
         to the attraction of like-minded partners                                                           precinct) to deliver a significant
                                                          This approach resulted in the group                office development located in the
         and investors to invest alongside us over
                                                          securing $3.1 billion of properties this year      financial core of the Sydney CBD
         the long term.
                                                          while increasing our exposure in a tightly         in a future supply cycle.
         Total funds under management                     held precinct of the Melbourne CBD.
         increased to $31.8 billion, with $15.6 billion   These included:                                 Our ability to deliver on these
         directly invested in office and industrial                                                       opportunities is in part due to the
                                                          –– A future development site at 60 and          conservative management of our
         assets. Dexus remains Australia’s largest
                                                             52 Collins Street, Melbourne (100%           balance sheet and recycling capital
         owner and manager of office property,
                                                             Dexus) to create the latest generation       from divestments.
         with $21.8 billion invested in the Central
                                                             of prime office space in the ‘Paris end’
         Business Districts (CBDs) of key office
                                                             of the Melbourne CBD
         markets around Australia. Our scale
         provides us with the ability to produce          –– A large-scale mixed-use development
         solutions that meet the evolving needs of           at 80 Collins Street, Melbourne
         our customers.                                      (75% Dexus, 25% Dexus Wholesale
                                                             Property Fund (DWPF)) further
         In our funds management business, we                expanding our presence in the ‘Paris
         now manage $16.2 billion of properties              end’ of the Melbourne CBD
         across the office, industrial, retail
         and healthcare sectors, providing an
         important source of income and assisting
         us in obtaining scale in our core markets.
                                                                                                                 Dexus 2019 Annual Report   7




For personal use only
                    Delivering
                    sustained value
                    This year we again delivered strong
                    financial performance for investors.
                    The full year distribution of 50.2 cents
                    per security reflects a 5.0% increase on
                    the prior year, in line with our guidance
                    of circa 5% growth. This achievement
                    demonstrates our track record of
                    delivering consistent distribution growth,
                    resulting in a 6.6% compound annual
                    growth rate since FY12.
                    Dexus’s net profit after tax was
                    $1.28 billion, down 25.9% primarily
                    due to revaluation gains which were
                    $428.7 million lower than in FY18.
                    Underlying Funds from Operations
                    per security of 62.9 cents, which
                    excludes trading profits, grew by
                    3.8%, highlighting the contribution
                    from the property portfolio and funds
                    management business.
                    Adjusted Funds From Operations
                    (AFFO) per security growth and Return
                    on Contributed Equity (ROCE) through
                    the cycle are key measures that drive
                    long‑term value creation for security
                    holders. In FY19, we delivered AFFO per
                    security growth of 5.5% and a ROCE
                    of 10.1%.




                        History of Dexus distribution per security1 (cents)

                                             55     6.6%                                           47.8   50.2
                                                    CAGR                                   45.47
                                                    since FY12             41.04   43.51
                                             45
                                                           36.00   37.56
                                                  32.10


                        cents per security
                                             35

                                             25

                                             15

                                              5
                                                  FY12      FY13   FY14    FY15    FY16    FY17    FY18   FY19

                        1. Adjusted for the one-for-six security consolidation completed in FY15. Compound
                           annual growth rate (CAGR) is calculated over seven years.
         8       Overview / Chair and CEO review




         Chair and
         CEO review




For personal use only
         In a year of significant transaction                    In FY19, each of our earnings drivers           In trading, we secured $34.7 million of
         activity, we maintained a strong and                    positively contributed to the financial         trading profits net of tax following the
         conservative balance sheet. We                          result. Across our property portfolio,          sale of 32 Flinders Street in Melbourne.
         funded the acquisition of Dexus’s                       we achieved valuation increases of              Dexus progressed the sale of the North
         additional 25% interest in the MLC                      $773.1 million, and our office and industrial   Shore Health Hub, St Leonards2, and post
         Centre, Sydney with the issue of                        portfolios delivered +3.4% and +8.0%1           30 June 2019 exchanged contracts to
         $425 million of Exchangeable Notes.                     like‑for-like income growth respectively.       sell a 25% interest in 201 Elizabeth Street,
         Under this structure, we were able to                                                                   Sydney, while entering into a put and call
                                                                 Our funds management business
         offer Exchangeable Note holders the                                                                     option to sell the remaining 25% interest
                                                                 continued to expand through the
         ability to own DXS securities in the                                                                    in late 2020. The sale of 201 Elizabeth
                                                                 launch of a new logistics fund called
         future combined with a return, while we                                                                 Street is expected to contribute circa
                                                                 the Dexus Australian Logistics Trust
         received competitively priced funding                                                                   $34 million in trading profits pre-tax
                                                                 (DALT), the introduction of other new
         that matched the income profile of                                                                      in FY20 and a further circa $34 million
                                                                 third party capital partners, acquisitions,
         the property.                                                                                           in FY21 in the event either option is
                                                                 developments and valuation increases.
                                                                                                                 exercised.
         In May 2019 an equity raising, comprising               Importantly, our funds continued to
         a $900 million institutional placement                  achieve strong performance while                Dexus delivered a 39.4% total Security
         and a $50 million Security Purchase                     delivering on our third party capital           holder return for the year, outperforming
         Plan (SPP), was used to partially fund                  partners’ objectives.                           the S&P/ASX 200 Property Accumulation
         Dexus’s 75% interest in 80 Collins Street,                                                              (A-REIT) Index by 201 basis points.
                                                                 We now manage 129 properties on
         Melbourne. In response to strong interest                                                               This outperformance occurred in an
                                                                 behalf of 79 third party capital partners
         for the SPP from eligible Security holders,                                                             environment of reducing 10-year bond
                                                                 and welcomed GIC (Government
         we decided to increase the $50 million                                                                  yields where well managed A-REITs
                                                                 Investment Corporation of Singapore)
         cap to $63.9 million in June 2019, enabling                                                             with exposure to office and industrial
                                                                 as a foundation investor in DALT, which
         all eligible applications to be accepted.                                                               properties, generating an attractive
                                                                 will be a circa $2 billion portfolio on
                                                                                                                 yield, were favoured by investors.
         We continued to maintain a strong and                   completion, seeded with assets from
                                                                                                                 Dexus continues to outperform the
         conservative balance sheet with gearing                 Dexus’s existing industrial portfolio.
                                                                                                                 A-REIT index over three, five and
         at 24.0% at 30 June 2019, well below our                We also welcomed M&G Real Estate as
                                                                                                                 ten-year time horizons.
         target range of 30-40%. This provides us                a new investor in the Dexus Industrial
         with the capacity to fund projects in our               Partnership and Employees Provident
         development pipeline.                                   Fund (EPF) Malaysia as a new investor
                                                                 in the Healthcare Wholesale Property
                                                                 Fund (HWPF). DWPF attracted nine
                                                                 new investors over the year, including
                                                                 six investors which joined through an
                                                                 equity raising to fund its acquisition
                                                                 of an additional 25% interest in the
                                                                 MLC Centre.




             Total Security holder Return

             50%
                        39.4%
             40%                                                                                                            We are focused on
             30%                                                                                                            creating sustained
                                                                 20.0%
             20%
                            19.3%
                                 11.5%
                                           18.2%
                                                          12.9
                                                             %        13.6%
                                                                                     17.4%
                                                                                          14.0%                             value and making
                                                                              8.9%             10.0%
              10%                                  8.1%                                                                     decisions that
               0%
                          One year          Three years*           Five years*         10 years*
                                                                                                                            future‑proof
                                Dexus    S&P/ASX 200 A-REIT Index        S&P/ASX 200 Index
                                                                                                                            the business.
             *Annualised compound return. Source: UBS Australia at 30 June 2019.




         1. Excluding one-off income is 2.5%.
         2. Subject to Responsible Entity and Advisory Committee approvals and securing debt financing.
                                                                  Dexus 2019 Annual Report   9




For personal use only
                    Contributing to
                    leading cities
                    As a real estate company, our properties
                    are central to how we create value,
                    being concentrated in Australia’s major
                    cities which we help shape as leading
                    destinations to live, work and play.
                    The leasing success achieved across our
                    office and industrial portfolios this year
                    optimised cash flow and maintained high
                    occupancy levels, with our office portfolio
                    occupancy at 98.0% and industrial
                    portfolio occupancy at 97.0%.
                    The group’s circa $9.3 billion development
                    and concept pipeline provides Dexus
                    with the opportunity to enhance future
                    returns by growing the core property
                    portfolio and those managed on behalf
                    of our third party capital partners.
                    Development is an efficient use of our
                    capital at this time in the cycle when
                    access to quality properties on-market
                    is competitively bid. Our $7.1 billion
                    group development pipeline comprises
                    committed and uncommitted projects,
                    and our circa $2.2 billion pipeline of
                    potential concept development projects
                    across the group provides us with
                    embedded future growth.
                    In May 2019, our newest office
                    development at 100 Mount Street
                    in North Sydney was completed,
                    providing a showcase for smart
                    building technology and setting a new
                    benchmark for office in the North Sydney
                    CBD. Marking a significant milestone, the
                    development of our premium industrial
                    estate Quarry at Greystanes was
                    completed, delivering a key economic
                    hub to Western Sydney and enhancing
                    returns for Dexus Security holders
                    and our third party capital partners.
         10      Overview / Chair and CEO review




         Chair and
         CEO review




For personal use only
         Developing                                  Building strong                               Enriching
         thriving people                             partnerships                                  the environment
         Our people are central to the success       We build strong partnerships with our         This year we progressed our ambitious
         of our strategy and their knowledge,        customers, local communities and              long-term goal to achieve net zero
         expertise and ability to innovate are       suppliers to create value across our          carbon emissions by 2030 by improving
         critical inputs to how we add value.        properties.                                   energy efficiency and increasing
                                                                                                   the adoption of renewable energy
         We are continuing to build an engaged       Our customers are at the heart of what
                                                                                                   sources. Importantly, we obtained
         workforce which is committed to             we do and we spend time understanding
                                                                                                   external certification that our
         delivering on our strategy. We are          their needs and delivering solutions
                                                                                                   2030 target aligns with the global
         proud of the high levels of engagement      to help them thrive in their workspace.
                                                                                                   ambitions of the Paris Agreement.
         demonstrated by our strong employee         Our annual customer survey returned
         Net Promoter Score of +40.                  a customer Net Promoter Score of +46,         We progressed our 2020 NABERS
                                                     a significant increase from +32 in FY18,      targets and secured one of Australia’s
         We believe the best thinking and
                                                     reflecting the strength of our customer       first supply-linked renewable Energy
         outcomes are realised through an
                                                     centric approach.                             Supply Agreements, through which 50%
         inclusive and diverse workforce, and
                                                                                                   of base building power across 40 NSW
         have made progress against our              Our success depends on our
                                                                                                   properties will be sourced from wind
         gender diversity target. This year, we      relationships with local communities
                                                                                                   and solar projects from 1 January 2020.
         achieved 37% female representation          that interact with our assets and people
         across senior and executive                 as part of their daily lives. This year       We completed a portfolio-wide review
         management roles, an improvement            we delivered community contributions          of exposure to the physical impacts of
         from 34% at FY18.                           valued at more than $1.2 million, helping     climate change, with the results informing
                                                     to extend our social impact.                  our strategy to enhance portfolio
         We continued to build the capabilities
                                                                                                   resilience for the long term. Refer to
         of our workforce, focusing on the           We also supported employment
                                                                                                   page 60 for our approach to climate
         development of our leaders to lead high     across the communities in which we
                                                                                                   related issues disclosed in accordance
         performing teams to deliver our strategy.   operate through the group’s spend on
                                                                                                   with the Taskforce on Climate-related
         We also provided training across the        operational suppliers, totalling over
                                                                                                   Financial Disclosures’ recommendations.
         workforce that both enhances business       $550 million during the year.
         capability and meets our people’s needs                                                   Going beyond managing our own
                                                     We are committed to ensuring our
         for career development.                                                                   emissions, we are focused on bringing
                                                     operations provide quality jobs with the
                                                                                                   our customers on the journey to reduce
         The safety of our employees,                right conditions. Recognising the global
                                                                                                   total building energy consumption.
         contractors, customers and community        challenge of addressing modern slavery
                                                                                                   We continue to see the benefits of our
         is of paramount importance and we           and the new Modern Slavery Act coming
                                                                                                   energy, water and waste management
         maintained our steadfast focus during       into effect in Australia on 1 January 2019,
                                                                                                   initiatives, both in terms of portfolio
         the year. Independent external safety       we signed up to the UN Global Compact,
                                                                                                   efficiency and customer satisfaction.
         audits across our corporate and             signalling our continued commitment
         management workspaces achieved              to corporate sustainability principles.
         a strong score of 98%.                      We also updated our Human Rights
                                                     Policy and formed an internal Modern
                                                     Slavery Working Group involving broad
                                                     operational functions across the
                                                     business. We are collaborating with our
                                                     suppliers to understand how we can
                                                     support and contribute to upholding
                                                     human rights across our supply chain.
                                                                                                                     Dexus 2019 Annual Report          11




For personal use only
                                                                                                           Outlook
                                                                                                           We expect to continue to deliver on our
                                                                                                           strategy and enhance our capabilities
                                                                                                           while retaining our financial strength to
                                                                                                           create value in the years ahead.
                                                                                                           Australian office and industrial property
                                                                                                           market fundamentals remain solid and
                                                                                                           continue to support our business despite
                                                                                                           increased economic uncertainty. We
                                                                                                           remain attracted to Australian cities due
                                                                                                           to their enduring appeal for commerce
                                                                                                           and businesses, talent and investors
                                                                                                           supported by population growth,
                                                                                                           employment growth and considerable
                                                                                                           infrastructure construction activity.
                                                                                                           Our circa $9.3 billion group development
                                                                                                           and concept pipeline is a source of
                                                                                                           embedded long-term value, and the
                                                                                                           diversification of our funds management
                                                                                                           business sets us up for further expansion
                                                                                                           as domestic and global pension
                                                                                                           capital fund flows continue to grow.
                                                                                                           Dexus’s market guidance for the
                                                                                                           12 months ending 30 June 2020 is
                                                                                                           to deliver distribution per security
                                                                                                           growth of circa 5%.
                                                                                                           On behalf of the Board and
                    Focusing on strong                         Recognising the importance of
                                                                                                           management, we extend our
                                                               managing environmental, social and
                    governance                                 governance (ESG) issues, we are currently   appreciation to our people across
                                                               finalising plans to establish a new Board   Australia for their dedication and
                    We instil robust corporate governance
                                                               Committee in FY20, known as the Board       significant contribution in delivering
                    and sound risk management at all levels
                                                               ESG Committee, which will oversee the       this year’s strong result. We also thank
                    of our business and we continually work
                                                               implementation of the group’s ESG           our third party capital partners for
                    on maintaining a strong culture across
                                                               activities, including our Sustainability    entrusting us with the management
                    the group.
                                                               Approach. We also created a Head of         of their investments, and our customers
                    Together, the Board and senior             Governance function within the business     for their commitment across our
                    management are responsible for             with a core focus on ensuring the Board     property portfolio.
                    creating a culture where everyone          and our people operate under leading
                                                                                                           Importantly, we thank our investors for
                    has ownership and responsibility for       governance policies and procedures.
                                                                                                           your continued investment in Dexus.
                    acting lawfully and responsibly. We are
                    reinforcing and sustaining this culture    There were no changes to the
                    across the business, ensuring that it      composition of our Board during the
                    supports best practice norms and           year, with the structure comprising
                                                               seven non-executive directors and           Richard Sheppard
                    behaviours. The right culture encourages
                                                               one executive director, with female         Chair
                    sound decision making by managing risk
                    and upholding business ethics.             gender representation at 38%.

                    To support this culture, we articulate     Further details relating to the Board
                    our core values of openness and            and our governance practices are            Darren Steinberg
                    trust, empowerment and integrity,          included in the Governance and              Chief Executive Officer
                    and recognise the Board’s oversight        Board of Directors section, as well as
                    role to ensure that management instils     the Corporate Governance Statement
                    these values.                              available at www.dexus.com
               12            Approach / How we create value




               How we
               create value




For personal use only
               Our value creation roadmap outlines the process
               through which we create value for our stakeholders.




                                                 Strategy                            Key resources           Key business
                                                    p.16                               p.20                  activities
                                                                                                                  p.18
                             Megatrends
                                                    Our strategy is to
                                 p.14
                                                    deliver superior
                                                                                         FINANCIAL
                                                    risk-adjusted returns
                                                    for investors from
                                                    high quality real
                                                    estate in Australia’s
                                                    major cities
                             URBANISATION
                                                                                         PROPERTIES




      External environment
                             GROWTH IN              Strategic
                             PENSION CAPITAL
                             FUND FLOWS             objectives
                                                                                                       MANAGING
                             THE RISE OF
                                                    Leadership in Office                                                   OUR
                             THE MILLENNIAL         Being the leading                   PEOPLE AND
                                                                                                                         BUSINESS
                             WORKER                 owner and manager of                CAPABILITIES                      MODEL
                                                    Australian office property
                             TECHNOLOGICAL
                             CHANGE
                                                    Funds management
                             ENVIRONMENTAL          partner of choice
                             SUSTAINABILITY         Being the wholesale                                                  TRANSACTING
                                                                                       CUSTOMERS AND
                                                    partner of choice in                COMMUNITIES
                                                    Australian property




                                                                                        ENVIRONMENT




                                                           Material issues and risks
                                                                           p.22-27
                                                                                             Dexus 2019 Annual Report   13




For personal use only
                                            Our vision is to be globally
                                            recognised as Australia’s leading
                                            real estate company
                                              p.16




                                                                             Value created
                                                                                from p.28


                                                          EARNINGS DRIVERS

                                              Property        Funds          Trading          SUSTAINED
                                              portfolio       management                        VALUE




                                                           VALUE DRIVERS
                                              Portfolio
                                              scale &         Economic       Development       LEADING
                                                              contribution   pipeline           CITIES
                                              occupancy




      DEVELOPING
                                                           VALUE DRIVERS

                                              Employee        Inclusion &    Succession       THRIVING
                                              engagement      diversity      strength          PEOPLE




                                                           VALUE DRIVERS                       FUTURE ENABLED
                                                                                                 CUSTOMERS
                                              Customer        Community      Supply             AND STRONG
                                              experience      contribution   chain focus        COMMUNITIES




                                                           VALUE DRIVERS

                                              Resource        Climate        Performance       ENRICHED
                                              efficiency      resilience     ratings         ENVIRONMENT




                    Why we come to work: to create spaces where people thrive
                    Our values: Openness and trust | Empowerment | Integrity
         14      Approach / Megatrends




         Megatrends
                                                   Megatrend           Description


                                                   Urbanisation        Urbanisation in major cities both in
                                                                       Australia and around the world is




For personal use only
                                                                       increasing. This creates challenges
         We are in a period                                            for social equity, the environment,
                                                                       transport systems and city planning.
         of rapid change
         and the context in
         which we operate
         our business, both
         today and in the
                                                   Growth in           Funds under management within
         future, is informed                       pension capital     pension funds are expected to
                                                   fund flows          increase significantly as populations
         by the disruption                                             in developed nations continue to
                                                                       age. Consequently, real estate is
         and opportunity                                               expected to receive a higher share of

         created by global                                             capital allocation.


         megatrends.
         There are various megatrends that could
         impact Dexus’s strategy and outlook,      The rise of the     Increased participation by millennials
         and the nature and potential of these     millennial worker   in the workforce is changing how
         can change over time.                                         people work.
         We actively review the megatrends our
         business faces over the medium and long
         term, which is a process overseen by
         the Board. This section outlines the
         key megatrends, the implications for
         our business model and how we are
         monitoring and responding to them.




                                                   Technological       Technology and connectivity is
                                                   change              driving mobility and collaboration
                                                                       in workplaces. Artificial Intelligence,
                                                                       automation and robotics is replacing
                                                                       repetitive tasks, together with a new
                                                                       focus on the value of big data and
                                                                       analytics.




                                                   Environmental       A growing global population
                                                   sustainability      continues to place demands on the
                                                                       world’s finite resources, while the
                                                                       financial impacts of environmental
                                                                       risks such as climate change are
                                                                       becoming increasingly apparent.
                                                                                                                     Dexus 2019 Annual Report   15




                                                                                                                              Key resources
                                                                                                                              that the
         Implications for our business model and how                                                                          megatrends
         we are monitoring and responding to megatrends                                                                       relate to

         An investment in Dexus is an investment in Australia’s cities. Our property portfolio is concentrated in the
         CBDs of Australia’s major cities and we believe these locations are where our customers want and need to be.




For personal use only
         In response to the megatrend of urbanisation, we are expanding our existing development capabilities so we
         are optimally positioned to maximise value from our existing portfolio. In addition, we are investing in mixed-use
         development capabilities so that our contribution towards the creation of vibrant ‘work, live, play’ communities
         is maximised. We are working closely with our third party capital partners, public authorities, real estate
         consultants, technology providers and the wider community in undertaking these activities.
         We are conscious of the impacts that will arise from continued urbanisation on the environment. In response
         we are embracing new initiatives and technologies to directly contribute toward the establishment of efficient,
         reliable, and environmentally friendly energy sources while reducing the emissions and waste created from our
         properties and business activities.


         Dexus is a leading Australian real estate fund manager. Our funds management business provides wholesale
         investors with exposure to quality sector specific and diversified real estate investment products. The property
         funds within our unlisted funds management platform have a strong track record of performance and benefit
         from leveraging the leasing, asset and property management capabilities provided by Dexus. For acquisition
         and development opportunities, we often invest alongside our third party capital partners, enhancing alignment
         to our strategy to generate superior risk-adjusted returns.
         We expect that our funds management business will benefit from the megatrend of the growth in pension
         fund capital flows through selectively expanding existing funds and launching new investment products where
         we believe a competitive advantage can be obtained, as demonstrated by the recent establishment of the
         Healthcare Wholesale Property Fund (HWPF) and Dexus Australian Logistics Trust (DALT).


         Millennial workers are technology savvy and have different expectations regarding the workplace than previous
         generations. Workplaces are now expected to provide a seamless experience, while enabling collaboration and
         providing the flexibility to work anywhere at any time.
         We are responding to the megatrend of the rise of the millennial worker and their growing demands for seamless
         experiences by reducing pain points, enabling collaboration and developing communities within our properties.
         Major initiatives include:
         –– Simple and easy lease
         –– Dexus Place
         –– SuiteX
         –– Online building portals
         Wellness is an important priority for millennials. In response, we have developed Wellplace, catering for the
         growing importance of wellbeing in the workplace by providing a suite of health and wellbeing services and
         amenities to our customers through the online building portals.
         We have enabled these factors for our own workforce through the adoption of a flexible working policy that
         enables our employees to work anywhere, anytime, supporting personal wellbeing and productivity.


         Technological advancement brings opportunities to further support our customers in their growth and
         productivity goals, and we are implementing innovative technologies in new developments to deliver a better
         customer experience and optimise workforce productivity.
         In response to the technological change megatrend, we have established a smart building blueprint to provide
         a benchmark for technology solutions across our properties that promotes both connectivity across different
         spaces and flexibility in workplace locations.
         To support our employees, we are investing in systems and processes that will define a foundation for
         operational excellence. This includes the implementation of a new enterprise platform designed to enhance the
         efficiency of our day-to-day operations and reduce the operational demands on our people, enabling us to
         focus more time and energy on our customers.


         For over a decade, we have reduced our environmental footprint by concentrating on improving energy and
         water efficiency across our properties as well as reducing the group’s greenhouse gas emissions.
         We have integrated risks and opportunities from climate change into our operations, through investing in the
         physical resilience of the portfolio and supporting the transition to a low carbon economy by committing to
         achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2030.
         16      Approach / Strategy




         Strategy




For personal use only
         Dexus’s strategy is to deliver superior
         risk-adjusted returns for investors from
         high-quality real estate in Australia’s
         major cities.

         Delivering superior risk-adjusted returns        Our scale supports the generation of
         means outperforming the relevant three           investment outperformance through
         and five-year benchmarks in each                 providing valuable customer insights
         market in which Dexus owns or manages            and the opportunity to invest in people,
         properties while providing Dexus Security        systems and technologies that enhance
         holders with sustainable and growing             our customers’ experience. It also
         distributions.                                   enhances our ability to find the ideal
                                                          workspace solution for customers and
         We have two strategic objectives that            generates cost efficiencies.
         underpin this strategy.
                                                          Our objectives of leadership in office and
         – 	Leadership in office: being the             funds management partner of choice
              leading owner and manager of                complement each other. Our success
              Australian office property                  in the office sector has enabled Dexus
         – 	Funds management partner of                 to attract investment partners not just
              choice: being the wholesale partner         in office, but also in the industrial and
              of choice in Australian property            healthcare sectors, in turn providing
                                                          the opportunity to drive investment
         Leadership in office is an aspiration that       performance for those third party
         is supported by our scale. As the largest        capital partners.
         office owner and manager in Australia,
         we have scale that provides many
         advantages.



         To be globally
         recognised as
         Australia’s leading
         real estate company



                                                Vision


                                                  Our
                                                Purpose
                                                 → p.5
                                Strategy                                         Leadership
                                                      Strategic                  in Office

                                                      objectives                 Being the leading
                                                                                 owner and manager of
                                                                                 Australian office property

         To deliver superior                                                     Funds management
         risk‑adjusted returns                                                   partner of choice
         for investors from
         high‑quality real estate                                                Being the wholesale
         in Australia’s major cities                                             partner of choice in
                                                                                 Australian property
                                Dexus 2019 Annual Report   17




For personal use only
                        What sets
                        Dexus apart?



                        A quality real estate
                        portfolio located across
                        key Australian cities




                        A scalable
                        customer offering




                        A development and
                        trading business that
                        unlocks value




                        A high performing funds
                        management business
                        with diverse sources
                        of capital




                        A talented, engaged,
                        inclusive and
                        diverse workforce
         18      Approach / Key business activities




         Key business
         activities




For personal use only
         We create value for all our
         stakeholders through utilising our
         asset management, development
         and transaction capabilities.



                        Key business                                           Value created
                        activities                                                 p.28–61



                                                                                EARNINGS DRIVERS

                                                                   Property        Funds      Trading            SUSTAINED
                                                                   portfolio       management                      VALUE




                                                                                 VALUE DRIVERS
                                                                   Portfolio       Economic       Development
                                                                   scale &         contribution   pipeline        LEADING
                                                                   occupancy                                       CITIES



                        MANAGING                      DEVELOPING
                                       OUR                                       VALUE DRIVERS
                                     BUSINESS                      Employee   Inclusion &         Succession     THRIVING
                                      MODEL                        engagement diversity           strength
                                                                                                                  PEOPLE




                                                                                 VALUE DRIVERS                   FUTURE ENABLED
                                                                                                                   CUSTOMERS
                                                                   Customer        Community      Supply           AND STRONG
                                                                   experience      contribution   chain focus     COMMUNITIES
                                     TRANSACTING


                                                                                 VALUE DRIVERS
                                                                   Resource        Climate        Performance
                                                                   efficiency      resilience     ratings         ENRICHED
                                                                                                                ENVIRONMENT
                                                                               Dexus 2019 Annual Report   19




For personal use only
                    Managing
                    The majority of our earnings are derived from the
                    rental income we receive from the properties we
                    own in our $15.6 billion Australian property portfolio.
                    In addition, we manage $16.2 billion of Australian
                    property investments on behalf of our third party
                    capital partners. We utilise our asset and property
                    management expertise to maximise cash flow
                    across the group portfolio. This active approach
                    seeks to add value through development or leasing
                    to diversify the customer mix and capitalise on the
                    stage that we are at in the property cycle. Our
                    in-house project delivery group assists in effectively
                    managing downtime and delivering capital works
                    projects in a timely manner.




                    Developing
                    Dexus has a circa $9.3 billion group development
                    and concept pipeline. We utilise our expertise to
                    access and manage development opportunities,
                    enhancing future returns and improving portfolio
                    quality and diversification. Development also
                    delivers on our third party capital partners’
                    strategies and provides organic growth in assets
                    under management, and therefore revenue
                    potential to Dexus.




                    Transacting
                    We utilise our multi-disciplinary expertise to identify,
                    evaluate, and execute acquisition and divestment
                    opportunities across a range of sectors and asset
                    types. We invest alongside our third party capital
                    partners to access product with the objectives
                    of improving portfolio quality and performance
                    and achieving scale in our core markets. We have
                    demonstrated our ability to invest capital at the
                    right time in the property cycle, acting quickly and
                    evolving our approach to secure opportunities while
                    adhering to our strict investment criteria.
         20      Approach / Key resources




         Key resources




For personal use only
         We rely on our key resources or relationships
         to create value now and into the future.

              Key resources                 How our key resources are linked to value creation

                                            Our financial resources are the pool of funds available to us for deployment, which
              Financial
                                            includes debt and equity capital, as well as profits retained from our property
                                            management, development and trading activities. This also includes the financial
                                            capital from our third party capital partners which we deploy on their behalf.
                                            Our prudent management of financial capital underpins the delivery of superior
                                            risk-adjusted returns to Dexus Security holders with a through the cycle target for
                                            Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) per security growth of 3-5% and Return
                                            on Contributed Equity (ROCE) of 7-10%. Our policy is to pay distributions to Security
                                            holders in line with free cashflow for which AFFO is a proxy.

                                            As a real estate company, our properties are central to how we create value.
              Properties
                                            We actively manage our property portfolio to enhance its potential, while unlocking
                                            further value by developing our properties to further enhance quality in their current
                                            use, or for higher and better uses.
                                            Our portfolio is concentrated in Australia’s major cities, which we help shape as
                                            leading destinations to live, work and play.




              People                        Our people’s knowledge and expertise are critical inputs to how we create value.

              and capabilities              We are a passionate and agile team who want to make a difference. We focus on
                                            sustaining a high-performing workforce supported by an inclusive and diverse culture.
                                            Our intellectual capital enables us to instil strong corporate governance, sound risk
                                            management and maintain a focus on safety at all levels of our business.




              Customers and                 Our capacity to create value depends on strong relationships with our customers,
                                            local communities and suppliers.
              communities
                                            We work in partnership with our customers to provide engaging and productive
                                            spaces that anticipate their evolving needs.
                                            We support the communities in which we operate in recognition of their contribution
                                            to the activity and vibrancy of our spaces.
                                            We partner with our suppliers to deliver our development projects and manage our
                                            properties more efficiently, while maintaining a proactive focus on safety.



                                            The efficient use of natural resources and sound management of environmental
              Environment
                                            risks supports our creation of value through delivering cost efficiencies and
                                            operational resilience.
                                            We understand, monitor and manage our environmental impact, setting short-term
                                            and long-term measurable environmental performance targets.
                                            We prepare for the physical impacts of climate change, while harnessing
                                            opportunities that support the transition to a low carbon economy.
                                                                                                                  Dexus 2019 Annual Report       21




For personal use only
        The value that is created                                                                   How we measure value

        Sustained value                                                                             –	Growth in distribution per security
                                                                                                    –	Growth in Adjusted Funds From
        Superior long-term returns for our investors and third party capital partners.
                                                                                                       Operations (AFFO) per security
                                                                                                    –	Return on Contributed Equity
                                                                                                       (ROCE)
                                                                                                       	p.28




        Leading cities                                                                              –	
                                                                                                      Scale: value of portfolio
                                                                                                    –	Customer demand and space use:
        A high-quality portfolio that contributes to economic prosperity and supports sustainable      portfolio occupancy rates
        urban development across Australia’s key cities.
                                                                                                    –	Economic contribution: Construction
                                                                                                       jobs supported and Gross Value
                                                                                                       Added (GVA) to the economy from
                                                                                                       development projects
                                                                                                    –	Future value: value of development
                                                                                                       and concept pipeline
                                                                                                       	p.38

        Thriving people                                                                             –	Employee engagement: employee
                                                                                                       Net Promoter Score
        An engaged and capable workforce that delivers on our strategy.
                                                                                                    –	Gender diversity: female representation
                                                                                                       in senior management roles
                                                                                                    –	Succession strength: proportion of internal
                                                                                                       candidates placed in available roles
                                                                                                       	p.50

        Future enabled customers and strong communities                                             –	Customer advocacy: customer
                                                                                                       Net Promoter Score
        Satisfied and successful customers supported by high-performing workspaces and a
                                                                                                    –	Community contribution: total value
        comprehensive customer product and service offering.
                                                                                                       contributed
        Well connected, prosperous and strong communities within and around our properties.         –	Supply chain economic contribution:
        A network of capable and effective supplier relationships that ensures environmental,          value of spend with suppliers
        social and governance standards are maintained throughout our supply chain.                    p.54




        Enriched environment                                                                        –	Resource efficiency – energy and water
                                                                                                       reductions and waste management
        An efficient and resilient portfolio that minimises our environmental footprint and
                                                                                                    –	Climate resilience: Greenhouse gas
        mitigates climate risk.
                                                                                                       emissions reductions
                                                                                                    –	Performance ratings: NABERS Energy
                                                                                                       and Water ratings
                                                                                                       p.58
                        22                  Material issues and risks / Material issues




                        Material issues




For personal use only
                        Our material issues are informed by our
                        knowledge of our business environment
                        and play a key role in business planning.

                        Dexus has used the materiality                               We included issues that linked to                  to their impact on our ability to create
                        definitions from the Integrated                              strategy, governance, performance or               value. In the key risks section on page
                        Reporting Framework and the GRI                              opportunities, while considering what              24, we show how these material
                        Standards, which consider material issues                    was important to key stakeholders                  issues relate to key business risks.
                        to be those that are of high importance                      and what we as a company can
                        to our stakeholders and that affect the                      have a material impact upon.                       Further information on our
                        organisation’s ability to create value                                                                          Materiality process is included in
                                                                                     We have created a matrix to assist in
                        over the short, medium and long term.                                                                           our 2019 Sustainability Performance
                                                                                     prioritising the top 20 material issues
                        This year, we undertook a materiality                        as the basis for ongoing disclosure.               Pack available on our website
                        assessment to identify key topics                            The matrix shows the importance that               at www.dexus.com
                        that impact our ability to create                            Dexus and its stakeholders place on
                        value for our stakeholders.                                  these top 20 material issues in relation




                                                                                  Dexus’s top 20 material issues matrix1




    IMPORTANCE TO DEXUS STAKEHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                  Energy                                           governance
                                                                                                                  efficiency                                       & transparency
                                                                                                                                                   Economic
                                                                                                                                                performance                Health,
                                                                                                                                                                           safety and
                                                                                                                       Climate change                                      security
                                                                                           Water use                   impacts




         Importance to Dexus stakeholders
                                                                                                                                             Market
                                                                       Economic                                                              volatility
                                                                       impact on local
                                                                                                   Supply chain
                                                                       communities                                               Inclusion &              Risk & crisis
                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                 diversity                management
                                                                                                                                                                     Customer
                                                                                                                                  Customer                           attraction
                                                                                                         Emissions             engagement                            & retention
                                                                                          Human rights




                                                                                                                                                                Talent attraction
                                                                                                                                                                & retention
                                                                                                                                    Equal
                                                                                                                                    remuneration

                                                                                                                                                     Human capital
                                                                                                                                                     development
                                                                                            Waste management

                                                    Biodiversity



                                                                                                                                                      IMPORTANCE TO BUSINESS
                                                                                                                                                            Importance to Dexus
                        1. Each of the listed material issues are considered of high importance to Dexus stakeholders and to Dexus’s business.
                                                                                                                          Dexus 2019 Annual Report     23




For personal use only
                    Our material issues                          We have reviewed the impact that
                                                                 each material issue has on our key
                    influence our ability                        resources and have arranged these
                    to create value by                           into two main categories: a material
                                                                 impact and an important connection.
                                                                                                                Further information on how
                                                                                                                these material issues influence
                    impacting one or more                        The Financial key resource column in           our respective key resources
                                                                 the table below recognises that all            is provided on pages 28-61
                    of the key resources                         material issues ultimately impact our          and in the 2019 Sustainability
                    that Dexus relies on.                        ability to create financial value.             Performance Pack.




                                                             Financial        Properties         People and           Customers          Environment
                                                                                                 capabilities            and
                                                                                                                     communities

                        Biodiversity

                        Climate change impacts

                        Corporate governance &
                        transparency

                        Customer attraction & retention

                        Customer engagement

                        Economic impact on local
                        communities

                        Economic performance

                        Emissions

                        Energy efficiency

                        Equal remuneration

                        Health, safety & security

                        Human capital development

                        Human rights

                        Inclusion & diversity

                        Market volatility

                        Risk & crisis management

                        Supply chain management

                        Talent attraction & retention

                        Waste management

                        Water use



                          Material impact        Important connections      Recognises influence on financial value creation
         24      Material issues and risks / Key risks




         Key risks

                                                         Key risk                                                         Link to




For personal use only
         There are various                                                                                                material issues

         risks that could
                                                         Performance                                                      –– Economic
         impact Dexus’s                                  Ability to meet market guidance, deliver superior risk
                                                                                                                             performance

         strategy and                                    adjusted performance relative to industry benchmarks
                                                         and complete developments in line with expectations.
                                                                                                                          –– Economic
                                                                                                                             impact on local

         outlook. We                                                                                                         communities
                                                                                                                          –– Customer
         understand                                                                                                          attraction &
                                                                                                                             retention
         that effective
         risk management
         requires an
         understanding
         of risks during                                 Capital markets
                                                         Positioning the capital structure of the business to withstand
                                                                                                                          –– Economic
                                                                                                                             performance

         all phases of                                   unexpected changes in equity and debt markets.                   –– Market volatility

         the investment
         life cycle.
         We actively review and manage
         the risks facing our business
         over the short, medium and
         long‑term, overseen by the
                                                         Key client                                                       –– Economic
                                                                                                                             performance
         Board Risk Committee. Periodically,             Retention of existing wholesale third party
                                                         client or funds management partner.                              –– Corporate
         we formally re‑assess our key risks
                                                                                                                             governance &
         through an extensive process,
                                                                                                                             transparency
         facilitated by an independent
         specialist. In the intervening years,
         an annual management review of
         the key risks is conducted in line with
         reporting disclosure requirements.
         This year, we undertook risk                    Compliance and regulatory                                        –– Corporate
         assurance mapping which reviewed                                                                                    governance &
                                                         Compliance with regulatory requirements including
         the assurance program and the key               continuous disclosure, ASX Listing Rules, REIT status               transparency
         risks. We also reviewed risk ratings            and Dexus policies and procedures.
         and control processes. In this section
         we outline our key risks and Dexus’s
         approach to responding to them,
         combined with how the key risks
         link to our material issues and key
         resources. For more information
         on our material issues, refer to
         page 22 or the 2019 Sustainability
                                                         Cyber/data and governance                                        –– Risk & crisis
                                                                                                                             management
         Performance Pack.                               Management and maintenance of data security.
                                                                                                                          –– Corporate
                                                                                                                             governance &
                                                                                                                             transparency
                                                                                                                      Dexus 2019 Annual Report   25




                  Potential impacts                    How Dexus is responding                                         Link to key resources




For personal use only
                  –– Reputational damage               The group’s risk appetite is reviewed and approved annually
                  –– Reduced investor sentiment        by the Board and reviewed by management on a quarterly
                     (equity and debt)                 basis. The Board approved strategy is formally reviewed
                                                       throughout the year with processes in place to monitor and
                  –– Loss of broader community
                                                       manage risks that may impact on performance.
                     confidence
                                                       The Investment Committee is responsible for material
                  –– Reduced credit ratings
                                                       investment decisions, subject to delegated authority, and
                     and reduced availability
                                                       detailed due diligence is undertaken for all acquisitions
                     of debt financing
                                                       and divestments. External experts are appointed to assist
                                                       in the design and costing process for developments.
                                                       These procedures are designed to mitigate against poor
                                                       performance outcomes by ensuring decisions are made
                                                       using relevant information and in the best interests of
                                                       Dexus’s Security holders.

                  –– Constrained capacity              Our prudent management of capital, including regular
                     to execute strategy               sensitivity analysis and periodic independent reviews of
                  –– Increased cost of funding         hedging policy, assists in protecting Dexus’s balance sheet
                     (equity and debt)                 from unexpected changes in capital markets.
                  –– Reduced investor sentiment        Further information relating to financial risk management
                     (equity and debt)                 is detailed in Note 12 of the Financial Statements.
                  –– Reduced credit ratings and
                     reduced availability of debt
                     financing

                  –– Inability to attract new third    Our funds management model includes strong governance
                     party capital partners or loss    principles and processes designed to build and strengthen
                     of existing third party capital   relationships with existing and new third party capital
                     partners                          partners. Our active approach to engagement across the
                  –– Reduced funds                     business enables employees to understand the interests
                     management income                 of third party capital partners and design strategies to
                                                       maintain partner satisfaction. Our funds management team
                                                       also undertakes a periodic client survey to understand
                                                       perceptions and identify areas for improvement.

                  –– Reputational damage               We maintain comprehensive compliance policies
                  –– Loss of broader community         and procedures that are regularly updated to ensure
                     confidence                        the business operates in accordance with regulatory
                                                       expectations. Our employees and service providers
                  –– Increased compliance costs
                                                       receive training on their compliance obligations and are
                  –– Sanctions impacting on            encouraged to raise concerns as appropriate. Independent
                     business operations               industry experts are appointed to undertake reviews
                  –– Reduced investor sentiment        where appropriate.
                     (equity and debt)

                  –– Lost productivity following       We conduct regular training, testing and disaster recovery
                     cyber disruption                  activities, along with the employment of data security
                  –– Reputational and/                 software, to assist in reducing the risk of a breach of data
                     or financial damage               security. We regularly review policies and procedures on
                                                       information security and provide training to all employees.
                  –– Negative impact on customer
                     and/or funds management
                     partner relationships
         26      Material issues and risks / Key risks




         Key risks

                                                         Key risk                                                        Link to




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         material issues


                                                         Security and emergency management                               –– Risk & crisis
              Board focus                                Ensuring the safety of employees, customers and the
                                                                                                                            management
                                                         public at Dexus sites.                                          –– Health safety &
              The Board Risk Committee is                                                                                   security
              responsible for reviewing the
                                                                                                                         –– Supply chain
              Risk Management framework
                                                                                                                            management
              and risk appetite for the
              group. In FY19 the Board Risk                                                                              –– Customer
                                                                                                                            engagement
              Committee was involved in:
              –– Considering and reviewing
                 the top key risks, their
                 controls and mitigants                  Talent and capability                                           –– Talent attraction
                                                                                                                            & retention
              –– Reviewing cyber risk                    Retention of key talent within Dexus.
                                                                                                                         –– Human capital
                 and ongoing resilience
                                                                                                                            development
              –– Overseeing Dexus’s
                                                                                                                         –– Equal remuneration
                 preparedness to respond
                 to a crisis                                                                                             –– Equal development



                                                         Corporate culture                                               –– Inclusion & diversity
                                                         Maintaining a respectful, open and transparent culture which    –– Corporate
                                                         supports diversity of opinion and values including acting          governance &
                                                         honestly, ethically and with integrity.                            transparency
                                                                                                                         –– Equal remuneration
                                                                                                                         –– Human rights




         The nature and                                  Climate change                                                  –– Climate change
         potential of our                                Mitigation against the impact of climate change.
                                                                                                                            impacts
                                                                                                                         –– Energy efficiency
         risks can change                                                                                                –– Emissions
         over time.                                                                                                      –– Water use
                                                                                                                         –– Biodiversity
                                                                                                                         –– Waste
                                                                                                                            management


                                                         Building and workplace health & safety                          –– Health, safety
                                                                                                                            & security
                                                         Identification and remediation of health and safety issues
                                                         relating to the fabric of properties across the portfolio       –– Customer
                                                         including facades. Prevention of death or serious injury at a      engagement
                                                         Dexus owned or controlled site due to unsafe work practices.
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report   27




                  Potential impacts                       How Dexus is responding                                         Link to key resources




For personal use only
                  –– Death or injury to individuals       We maintain a business continuity management framework
                     at Dexus properties                  to mitigate against safety threats, including the adoption
                  –– Reputational damage                  of plans relating to crisis management, business continuity
                                                          and emergency management. Responsiveness at each
                  –– Loss of broader community
                                                          property is regularly tested through scenario exercises.
                     confidence
                                                          Key performance indicators for reporting and resolution of
                  –– Costs associated with criminal/      security issues are embedded into contractor agreements
                     civil proceedings                    at Dexus-managed sites.
                  –– Costs associated with
                     remediation and/or restoration

                  –– Disruption/impact to customer        We aim to maintain an engaged and high‑performing
                     relationships and/or revenue         workforce that is aligned with our corporate objectives
                  –– Increased workforce costs            and is inspired to stay with the business. We focus on
                                                          professional development at all levels to enhance employee
                  –– Reduced workforce productivity
                                                          capabilities and support continued employee engagement.
                  –– Loss of corporate knowledge          We develop succession plans for key employees and
                                                          undertake external mapping for key roles to assist in the
                                                          retention of key talent.

                  –– Excessive regrettable employee       Our Board and Group Management Committee focus on
                     turnover and associated              fostering a culture that supports employees to deliver on
                     increased costs                      the group’s purpose of creating spaces where people thrive.
                  –– Inability to attract talent          We regularly survey employees and gather data through
                                                          other reports to understand organisational culture and
                  –– Reduced investor sentiment
                                                          identify potential challenges that may require additional
                     (equity and debt)
                                                          focus. We strive to invest in our employees’ development
                  –– Inappropriate conduct leading        and reward their achievement of sustainable business
                     to investigation, potential costs    outcomes that add value to our stakeholder.
                     and reputational damage

                  –– Increased costs associated with      We focus on enhancing the resilience of our properties
                     physical risks (e.g. asset damage    to physical climate risks, implementing energy efficiency
                     from extreme weather)                initiatives and deploying renewable energy projects. Dexus’s
                  –– Increased costs associated           approach to climate change risk management is disclosed
                     with transition risks (e.g. carbon   in accordance with the recommendations of the Task Force
                     regulation, requirements for         on Climate-related Financial Disclosures on page 60 and in
                     building efficiency)                 the 2019 Sustainability Performance Pack.




                  –– Death or injury                      We adopt a series of measures to ensure building
                  –– Reputational damage                  and workplace health and safety is maintained in and
                                                          around our properties, including:
                  –– Loss of broader community
                     confidence                           –– Adoption of comprehensive work health and safety
                                                             programs and compliance by site contractors and
                  –– Costs or sanctions associated
                                                             employees, including independent certification
                     with regulatory response
                                                             against OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety
                  –– Costs associated with criminal/         Management Systems
                     civil proceedings
                                                          –– Engagement of external consultants for facade audits
                  –– Costs associated with
                                                          –– Ongoing monitoring and testing of existing sites
                     remediation and/or restoration
                                                          –– Regular training for both employees and
                                                             service providers.
         28      Performance / Financial




         Financial




For personal use only
         Dexus’s quality portfolio, development pipeline and growing
         funds platform are underpinned by a strong balance sheet,
         facilitating a secure earnings stream with growth potential.


         Strategy                                          Case study
         Our strategy contributes to the generation
         of long-term and sustainable returns. The
         balance sheet investment strategy remains
                                                           Attracting new investors for
         focused on:                                       sustained performance
         –– Activating and investing in the
            development pipeline
                                                           Dexus broadened its relationships with third
         –– Supporting growth in the funds
                                                           party capital partners, attracting and securing
            management business
                                                           stable long-term capital sources to invest
         –– Selective core asset acquisitions which        alongside it through the cycle.
            provide potential to unlock additional
                                                           During the year Dexus established a circa
            value in the future, and
                                                           $2 billion1 Dexus Australian Logistics Trust (DALT)
         –– Divesting non-core assets to continue          with sovereign fund, GIC as its foundation
            improving the quality of the portfolio         investor. DALT was seeded with assets from
         In addition, we maintain diverse sources of       Dexus’s existing industrial portfolio and has an
         capital as well as conservative gearing to        active acquisition and development mandate.
         provide capacity to fund the committed            New investors were also secured across other
         development pipeline and optionality to fund      managed funds, including:
         the uncommitted development pipeline.             –– M&G Real Estate purchased Future
         Earnings drivers                                     Fund’s 50% interest in the Dexus Industrial
                                                              Partnership, which has achieved strong
         Our earnings drivers comprise three areas:           performance since inception and now has a
         –– Property portfolio: the largest driver of         revitalised growth mandate
            financial value, containing the Dexus          –– Healthcare Wholesale Property Fund (HWPF)
            owned office and industrial portfolio             secured a major equity commitment of $100
         –– Funds management: providing access to             million from Employees Provident Fund (EPF)
            wholesale sources of financial capital and        Malaysia. The investment enables HWPF to
            a steady annuity-style income stream              progress the acquisition of a large scale,
         –– Trading: packaging of properties to               high-quality healthcare asset for the fund’s
            generate trading profits                          portfolio2
                                                           –– DWPF undertook an equity raising to
         How we measure                                       fund the acquisition of an additional
                                                              25% interest in the MLC Centre. The offer
         financial performance                                raised approximately $340 million of equity,
         When measuring financial performance,                attracting six new investors
         we focus on growth in Adjusted Funds From
         Operations (AFFO) and distributions per           These new investor relationships have further
         security as well as Return on Contributed         diversified Dexus’s unlisted investor base,
         Equity to measure the returns achieved for        enabling it to pursue value accretive acquisition
         our Security holders.                             and development opportunities both within the
                                                           funds management business and directly on
         In addition to the investment characteristics     balance sheet.
         outlined above, Dexus targets 10-year
         unlevered internal rate of returns of 7-8% for
         new acquisitions.

                        To learn more about our progress
                        against our FY19 Sustained Value   1. On completion.
                        commitments, refer to the 2019     2. Subject to Responsible Entity and Advisory
                        Sustainability Performance Pack       Committee approvals and securing
                        available at www.dexus.com            debt financing.
                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report       29




                                                        Sustained
                                                        Value




                                5.0%
                                Growth in distribution per security




For personal use only
                                5.5%
                                Growth in AFFO per security



                                10.1%
                                Return on contributed equity




                        Board focus
                        Financial performance is a key focus area for the
                        Board and the Board Audit Committee. In FY19,
                        the Board and Board Audit Committee were
                        involved in:
                        –– Considering and approving Dexus’s financial
                           reports, audit reports, market guidance,
                           distribution details, funding requirements
                           and liquidity, as well as property portfolio
                           valuation movements
                        –– Approving the group’s Financial KPIs and
                           scorecard, in addition to annual and half year
                           results materials
                        –– Approving the group’s capital management
                           activities including a $425 million
                           Exchangeable Note offering and an equity
                           raising, comprising a $900 million institutional
                           placement and a $63.9 million SPP, which was
                           increased from its original $50 million cap




                                Future focus
                                –– Deliver circa 5% growth in
                                   distribution per security for FY20
                                –– Extend Weighted Average Lease
                                   Expiry (WALE) and maximise
                                   AFFO across the property portfolio
                                –– Maintain a strong balance sheet
                                   and further diversify debt
         30      Performance / Financial




         Financial




For personal use only
         Group performance and outlook
         This year we again delivered strong financial                                                AFFO is a financial
         performance for our investors.                                                               measure of real estate
                                                                                                       operating performance
         Group performance                             to growth in funds under management             and is determined by
                                                       largely driven by acquisitions alongside
         Our net profit after tax was $1.28 billion,   $773.1 million of revaluation gains.            adjusting Statutory
         down 25.9% on the prior year. The key
         driver of this movement was $773.1            Our underlying business, excluding               net profit after tax
         million net revaluation gains, which were     trading profits, delivered FFO per security
                                                       of 62.9 cents and grew by 3.8% on the
                                                                                                        for certain items
         $428.7 million lower than the prior year.
                                                       prior year. AFFO per security of 50.3 cents       which are non-
         These revaluation gains alongside an
         equity raising, comprising an institutional
                                                       grew 5.5%, driven by FFO growth and
                                                       slightly lower maintenance capital
                                                                                                         cash, unrealised or
         placement and Security Purchase Plan          expenditure.                                      capital in nature,
         (SPP) also contributed to the 84 cent
         increase in Net Tangible Assets (NTA)         Distributions per security were 50.2 cents,        then adjusting for
         per security to $10.48. Operationally,
         Funds From Operations (FFO) increased
                                                       up 5.0% on the prior year, with our
                                                       distribution payout remaining in line
                                                                                                           maintenance capex
         $28.2 million or 4.3% to $681.5 million.      with free cash flow in accordance with              and incentives.
         The key drivers of the increase include:      Dexus’s distribution policy.
         –– Office Property FFO increased as
            a result of lease commencements
                                                       We achieved a ROCE of 10.1% driven                 The Directors
                                                       largely by the strong AFFO result as well
            across the portfolio and acquisitions,     as revaluation gains from the recently             consider AFFO
            partly offset by divestments, vacancy
            at 240 St Georges Terrace and a
                                                       completed development at 100 Mount                  to be a measure
                                                       Street in North Sydney.
            delayed tenant payment                                                                         that reflects
                                                       We continued to maintain a strong
         –– Industrial Property FFO increased
                                                       and conservative balance sheet with                  the underlying
            due to lease commencements,
            development completions and
                                                       gearing at 24.0% at 30 June 2019, well
                                                       below Dexus’s target range of 30–40%.
                                                                                                            performance
            one-off income, which was offset
            by divestments
                                                       In May 2019, we raised $900 million                   of the Group.
                                                       through an institutional placement and
         –– Net finance costs reduced by               a further $63.9 million through an SPP in
            $17.3 million driven by capitalised        June 2019, enabling us to partially fund
            interest on development affected           80 Collins Street, Melbourne.
            properties and a lower cost of debt
                                                       Total debt duration remained high at
         This was partially offset by:
                                                       6.7 years and we further diversified our
         –– A slight decrease in the quantum           funding sources through the issue of
            of trading profits recognised              $425 million of Exchangeable Notes to
            year-on-year                               fund Dexus’s share of the acquisition of the
         Dexus’s management expense ratio              remaining stake in MLC Centre, Sydney.
         (MER) reduced to 30 basis points due


         Key financials                                      FY19           FY18       Change
         Funds From Operations (FFO) ($m)                    681.5          653.3            4.3%
         Net profit after tax ($m)                          1,281.0        1,728.9        (25.9)%
         AFFO per security (cents)                            50.3            47.7           5.5%
         Distribution per security (cents)                    50.2            47.8           5.0%
         ROCE (%)                                            10.1%            7.6%        2.5ppt
         Net tangible asset backing per security ($)         10.48            9.64           8.7%
         Gearing (look-through) (%)                         24.0%           24.1%          (10)bp
                                                                                                                                  Dexus 2019 Annual Report            31




For personal use only
                                                                                              FY19             FY18
                    Statutory profit reconciliation                                            ($m)             ($m)
                    Statutory AIFRS Net profit after tax                                     1,281.0         1,728.9
                    (Gains)/losses from sales of investment property                             (1.8)           0.9
                    Fair value gain on investment property                                    (773.1)        (1,201.8)
                    Fair value loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives                      (109.4)            77.5
                    Incentives amortisation and rent straight-line1                            116.8            101.4
                    Non-FFO tax expense                                                         15.7              7.3
                    Other unrealised or one-off items                                          152.3           (60.9)
                    Funds From Operations (FFO)      2
                                                                                              681.5            653.3
                    Maintenance capital expenditure                                            (63.2)           (72.9)
                    Cash incentives and leasing costs paid                                     (37.6)           (33.2)
                    Rent free incentives                                                       (63.5)           (61.7)          89% of FFO from Property portfolio

                    Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO)3                                     517.2           485.5                Total Property FFO 89%
                                                                                                                                    Office property FFO 73%
                    Distribution                                                              529.0           486.4
                                                                                                                                    Industrial property FFO 16%
                    AFFO payout ratio                                                        98.7%4          100.2%                 Management operations 7%
                                                                                                                                    Trading profits (net of tax) 4%
                                                                             FY19             FY18        Change
                    FFO composition                                           $m               $m              %
                    Office property FFO                                       610.5           603.8              1.1%
                    Industrial property FFO                                   137.3            132.7            3.5%
                    Total property FFO                                        747.8           736.5             1.5%
                    Management operations       5
                                                                               54.6             52.5           4.0%
                    Group corporate                                           (30.2)           (27.4)          10.2%
                    Net Finance costs                                          (117.1)        (134.4)          (12.9)%
                    Other (including tax)                                      (8.3)           (10.5)          (21.0)%
                    Underlying FFO                                           646.8             616.7            4.9%
                    Trading profits (net of tax)                               34.7            36.6             (5.2)%
                    FFO                                                       681.5           653.3            4.3%
                    1. Including cash, rent free and fit out incentives amortisation.
                    2. Including Dexus’s share of equity accounted investments.
                    3. AFFO is in line with the Property Council of Australia definition.
                    4. FY19 distribution payout ratio has been adjusted to exclude the $18.3 million of distributions
                       paid on new securities issued through the Institutional Placement and Security Purchase
                       Plan announced on 2 May 2019, which were fully entitled to the distribution for the six months
                       ending 30 June 2019. The distribution payout ratio was 102.3% including this amount.
                    5. Management operations income includes development management fees and in FY19
                       includes bidding costs for a development opportunity.



                    Group outlook
                    Moderating economy to benefit from stimulus
                    Australian economic growth is                      Australia’s Q1 2019 GDP growth rate of 1.8%       We expect financing costs to remain low
                    moderating as the housing market                   per annum is approximately equal to the           after two cuts to official interest rates.
                    rebalances. However, the medium-term               average rate of growth across the OECD.           10-year government bond yields are
                    outlook should benefit from reductions                                                               forecast to remain below 2% for the next
                                                                       Business confidence is below average
                    in official cash rates and fiscal stimulus                                                           couple of years, supporting investment
                                                                       given uncertainty regarding the US and
                    from tax rebates.                                                                                    demand for the office, industrial and
                                                                       China trade war, Brexit and a slowing in
                                                                                                                         alternative sectors.
                    The economy continues to benefit                   Japan and Europe. However, confidence
                    from population growth of 1.6% and                 is likely to benefit from residential prices
                    a substantial infrastructure pipeline.             which are beginning to stabilise.
         32      Performance / Financial




         Financial




For personal use only
         Property portfolio performance
         We remain focused on maximising the performance of the property portfolio through leasing
         and asset management activities, with the property portfolio contributing to 89% of FFO in FY19.


         Office portfolio                                        Our office portfolio delivered 3.4%                Industrial portfolio
                                                                 like-for-like income growth which was
         performance                                             affected by vacancy at Sydney Olympic              performance
         During the year, we leased                              Park as well as a tenant dispute in                During the year, we leased
         189,459 square metres of office space                   Queensland, with timing for receipt of             324,765 square metres of industrial
         across 267 transactions as well as                      proceeds uncertain. The Queensland                 space across 87 transactions, with the
         52,815 square metres of space across                    space has already been leased to a new             portfolio continuing to benefit from an
         office developments, locking in future                  tenant that is now in occupation. The              uptick in logistics and e-commerce
         income streams.                                         portfolio achieved a 10.6% total return            demand. Portfolio occupancy
                                                                 for the year to 30 June 2019 which was             remained high at 97.0% (FY18: 98.3%)
         It has been an excellent year in which                  driven by valuation uplifts and leasing.           and like-for-like income growth was
         robust enquiry has converted to                         Sydney office properties continued to              8.0%1 (FY18: 3.0%), an elevated result
         significant leasing success, including                  experience strong effective rental growth.         due to one-off income achieved
         at our key office developments at
                                                                 Occupancy increased to 98.0% at                    above forecast.
         100 Mount Street in North Sydney
         and 240 St Georges Terrace in Perth.                    30 June 2019 (FY18: 96.0%) driven by               Our industrial portfolio delivered a
         100 Mount Street is now 96% committed                   leasing in our largest core market,                total return of 12.9% for the year to
         after completing in May 2019, while                     Sydney, as well as Brisbane.                       30 June 2019 (FY18: 13.6%).
         240 St Georges Terrace is now 93%
         committed.




         Dexus office portfolio vs MSCI at 31 March 20192                               Dexus industrial portfolio vs MSCI at 31 March 20192
         20%                                                                            20%



         18%                                                                            18%



          16%                                                                           16%

                                           14.0% 13.9%                                           13.9% 13.8% 13.8%
                                                                  13.3% 13.5
                                                                            %
         14%                                                                            14%
                           13.1 12.9%
                              %
                                                         13.0%                  12.8%                                      13.2%                                13.2%
                                                                                                                                   13.0%           12.7% 12.9
                                                                                                                                                            %
                   12.7%

                                                                                        12%
                                                                                                                                           11.8%
          12%



         10%                                                                            10%
                        One year             Three years             Five years                      One year                Three years              Five years

                  Dexus office portfolio     Dexus group office portfolio       MSCI          Dexus industrial portfolio     Dexus group industrial portfolio      MSCI




         1. Excluding one-off income is 2.5%.
         2. Period to 31 March 2019 which reflects the latest MSCI Australian Quarterly Digest for All Property benchmark (formerly IPD) data available.
                                                                                                Dexus 2019 Annual Report    33




For personal use only
                    Property market outlook
                    Office markets well positioned.
                    Leading indicators such as job advertisements and
                    business confidence have eased. Net absorption is likely
                    to be subdued in FY20 given a lack of available space
                    in Sydney and Melbourne.
                    Australian office markets are well placed to handle a
                    period of softer demand. Vacancy rates are at historic
                    lows for Sydney (4.1%) and Melbourne (3.8%), and supply
                    growth is still moderate overall with the exception of       Office
                    Melbourne (albeit 75% of the Melbourne supply up to the

                                                                                 +3.4%                    13.4%
                    end of FY22 is pre-committed).
                    The Brisbane and Perth markets are in recovery phase
                    with rising rents and falling vacancy rates. The fact that   Effective LFL            Average
                    Brisbane and Perth are at different points in the cycle to
                    Sydney and Melbourne provides useful diversification.        income                   incentives1
                                                                                 FY18: +4.5%              FY18: 13.9%
                    Inner city areas and CBDs benefit from faster
                    employment growth than other regions. Over the long
                    term, office properties in the CBD stand to benefit
                    from a virtuous cycle of employment growth and new
                    infrastructure investment.
                                                                                 189,459sqm
                                                                                 Space leased1
                    The industrial sector is in a growth phase.
                    Demand is running at above average levels given

                                                                                 98.0%                    4.4 years
                    population growth and infrastructure investment
                    combined with investment in supply chains by retailers
                    and suppliers.
                    E-commerce is emerging as a significant driver               Occupancy                WALE
                    of demand as online sales expand at double digit             FY18: 96.0%              FY18: 4.6 years
                    growth rates.
                    Rents continue to grow, particularly in land constrained
                    areas in Sydney and Melbourne. Conditions in Brisbane
                    are expected to continue to improve in the medium            Industrial
                    term as the economy strengthens.

                                                                                 +8.0          %2
                                                                                                          11.7%
                                                                                 Effective LFL            Average
                                                                                 income                   incentives
                                                                                 FY18: +3.0%              FY18: 12.6%




                                                                                 324,765sqm
                                                                                 Space leased



                                                                                 97.0%                    4.7 years
                    1. Excluding development leasing of 52,815 square metres.
                    2. Excluding one-off income is +2.5%.                        Occupancy                WALE
                                                                                 FY18: 98.3%              FY18: 4.8 years
         34      Performance / Financial




         Financial




For personal use only
         Funds management performance
         Our strategic objective of                       The establishment of this new unlisted          All funds delivered strong performance,
                                                          logistics vehicle unlocks the growth            with DWPF achieving a one-year total
         being the wholesale partner                      potential of the group’s industrial             return of 10.24% post fees, outperforming
         of choice in Australian                          platform, broadening relationships and          its benchmark over one, three, five,
         property and track record                        providing a stable long-term source of          seven and ten years. The Dexus Office
                                                          capital to invest alongside us through          Partnership has delivered an annualised
         of driving investment                            the cycle.                                      unlevered total property return of 14.3%
         performance enables Dexus                                                                        since inception.
                                                          We also welcomed M&G Real Estate as
         to attract third party capital                   a new investor in the Dexus Industrial          Post 30 June 2019, Dexus reached
         partners to invest alongside                     Partnership. Since its establishment            agreement to restructure the investment
         through the cycle.                               in June 2014, we have achieved an               management joint venture with
                                                          unlevered IRR of 14.5% on our investment        Commercial & General for HWPF,
         Third party funds under management               in the Partnership (post fees) and will         resulting in a streamlined governance
         increased to $16.2 billion, up 16% from          continue to deliver on the Partnership’s        structure and Dexus continuing as the
         30 June 2018, driven by the launch of a          growth mandate through acquisitions             sole investment manager of the Fund.
         new fund, acquisitions, developments             and active management.                          Dexus has also agreed to purchase
         and revaluations, partially offset by                                                            Commercial & General’s units in HWPF.
         divestments.                                     DWPF undertook an equity raising to
                                                          fund its acquisition of an additional 25%
         We welcomed GIC as the foundation                interest in the MLC Centre acquisition,
                                                                                                          Management operations FFO
         investor in the Dexus Australian Logistics       raising $340 million of equity, attracting
         Trust (DALT). DALT has been seeded with          six new investors and further diversifying
                                                                                                          $60m
         assets from Dexus’s existing industrial          DWPF’s unitholder base. An additional
         portfolio comprising $1.4 billion of core        three investors joined the fund during
         logistics properties and a $138 million          the year.                                                        $54.6m
         development landbank (circa $0.5 billion                                                         $55m
         on completion).                                  HWPF made significant progress in its                   $52.5m
                                                          capital raising efforts, securing a major
                                                          equity commitment of $100 million               $50m
                                                          from Employees Provident Fund (EPF)
                                                          Malaysia. This commitment will enable
                                                          HWPF to acquire1 North Shore Health
                                                                                                          $45m
                                                          Hub, Stage 1 of the development
                                                          at 12 Frederick Street, St Leonards
                                                          currently held in Dexus’s Trading portfolio.
                                                                                                          $40m
                                                                                                                   FY18     FY19
         Diversified Funds Management platform            Funds Management portfolio



                        189%              $16.2bn
                        growth in FUM    on behalf of
                        since FY12      79 clients from
                                         10 countries
         16
         14
          12
         10
          8
          6
                   $5.6bn
                                                                        $  16.2bn
          4                                                                                                               DWPF $10.4bn
           2                                                                                                              Australian Industrial Partner $0.4bn
                                                                                                                          Australian Mandate $2.1bn
          0
                        FY12                 FY19                                                                         Dexus Office Partner $2.5bn
                                                                                                                          Dexus Industrial Partner $0.2bn
                                                                                                                          Dexus Australian Logistics Partner $0.5bn
                                                                                                                          HWPF $0.1bn
         1. Subject to Responsible Entity and Advisory Committee approvals and securing debt financing.
                                                                                                                   Dexus 2019 Annual Report          35




                    Funds management                                           Trading performance




For personal use only
                    outlook                                                    and outlook
                    Our funds management                                       Trading is a capability that involves the
                    business’s current exposure                                identification of opportunities, repositioning
                    is 53% to office properties,                               to enhance value, and realising value
                    14% to industrial properties,                              through divestment.
                    32% to retail properties and                               Trading properties are either acquired with the direct purpose
                    1% to healthcare properties.                               of repositioning or development, or they are identified in Dexus’s
                                                                               existing portfolio as having value-add potential and subsequently
                    Office and industrial property                             transferred into the trading trust to be repositioned, and then sold.
                    performance is expected to be
                    influenced by the key lead indicators                      Trading profits of $34.7 million net of tax were achieved in FY19
                    described on page 33.                                      following the sale of 32 Flinders Street, Melbourne.

                    Australian retail turnover growth remains                  Construction is now underway at the North Shore Health
                    positive at 3.1% per annum on a moving                     Hub at 12 Frederick Street in St Leonards, with the facility
                    annual basis. Going forward, spending                      approximately 50% leased ahead of expected completion in
                    should benefit from the stimulatory effect                 late 2020. The multi-tenanted facility is located adjacent to the
                    of recent cuts in bank mortgage rates                      existing North Shore hospital precinct, offering occupants a new
                    and Federal tax rebates.                                   benchmark in medical workspace.

                    Online retail sales grew at 4.8% per                       Dexus progressed the sale of the North Shore Health Hub,
                    annum in the year to May 2019. The                         St Leonards1, and post 30 June 2019 exchanged contracts to sell
                    importance of quality shopping centres                     a 25% interest in 201 Elizabeth Street, Sydney, while entering into a
                    is reinforced by a recent survey which                     put and call option to sell the remaining 25% interest in late 2020.
                    found that 60% of online sales captured                    The sale of 201 Elizabeth Street is expected to contribute circa
                    by domestic retailers are by players with                  $34 million in trading profits pre-tax in FY20 and a further circa
                    an omni-channel (physical) presence.                       $34 million in FY21 in the event either option is exercised.

                    Demand for healthcare services                             Five projects2 diversified across sectors and trading strategies
                    will continue to benefit from ageing                       have been earmarked to deliver trading profits of $210-$300
                    demographics, longer life expectancy                       million pre-tax in future years, including 201 Elizabeth Street and
                    and population growth.                                     North Shore Health Hub mentioned above.




                                                                 Trading FFO


                                                                 FY18                                                           $36.6m


                                                                 FY19                                                     $34.7m

                    1. Subject to Responsible Entity
                       and Advisory Committee                      $20m          $25m               $30m                $35m               $40m
                       approvals and securing
                       debt financing.
                    2. Includes North Shore Health
                       Hub, St Leonards and
                       201 Elizabeth Street, Sydney.
         36      Performance / Financial




         Financial




For personal use only
         Financial position and capital management
         Financial position                                                                                              30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                            2019              2018
         –– Total look-through assets increased
                                                                                                                              $m                $m
            by $2,567 million primarily due
            to $1,726 million of acquisitions,      Office investment properties                                              13,193              11,038
            development capital expenditures
                                                    Industrial investment properties                                           2,337              2,245
            and $773.1 million of property
            valuation increases, partially offset   Healthcare investment properties                                              86                 54
            by $682 million of divestments.         Other 1
                                                                                                                                 860                572
         –– Total look-through borrowings
                                                    Total tangible assets                                                    16,476               13,909
            increased by $786 million due to
            funding required for the acquisition    Borrowings                                                                (4,231)             (3,445)
            of the remaining interest in the        Other liabilities                                                            (751)             (658)
            MLC Centre, Sydney as well as
            development capital expenditure         Net tangible assets                                                       11,494              9,806
            partly offset by divestments.           Total number of securities on issue                               1,096,857,665      1,017,196,877
         –– Total number of securities on issue     NTA ($)                                                                   10.48                 9.64
            increased by 79,660,788 following
            the institutional placement and         1. Excludes the $73.2 million deferred tax liability on management rights in line with accounting
            SPP mentioned on page 30.                  changes as disclosed in the FY17 financial statements.




         Capital management                                                                                              30 June           30 June
         We continued to maintain a strong
                                                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                    Key metrics                                                               $m                $m
         and conservative balance sheet, with
         gearing at 24.0%.                          Gearing (look-through)1                                                   24.0%               24.1%
         A $963.9 million institutional placement   Cost of debt2                                                                4.0%              4.2%
         and SPP enabled us to partially fund
                                                    Duration of debt                                                      6.7 years         7.0 years
         the acquisition of 80 Collins Street,
         Melbourne.                                 Hedged debt (incl caps)     3
                                                                                                                                 74%                71%
         Total debt duration remained high at       S&P/Moody’s credit rating                                                A-/A3                A-/A3
         6.7 years and we further diversified our
                                                    1. Adjusted for cash and debt in equity accounted investments.
         funding sources through the issue of       2. Weighted average for the year, inclusive of fees and margins on a drawn basis.
         $425 million of Exchangeable Notes         3. Average for the year. Hedged debt (excluding caps) was 58% for the 12 months to
         to fund Dexus’s 25% interest of the           30 June 2018 and 55% for the 12 months to 30 June 2019.
         acquisition of the remaining stake in
         the MLC Centre, Sydney.                    Diversified sources of debt

         Our strong balance sheet provides the
         capacity to fund projects in our current
         and future development pipeline.
         We have manageable short-term
         refinancing requirements and remain
         within all of our debt covenant limits
         and target ranges.
                                                              Debt capital
                                                                 markets             Bank debt

                                                                  64% 36%
                                                                                                                       Bank debt facilities 36%
                                                                                                                       Commercial Paper 2%
                        To learn more about our
                                                                                                                       MTN 12%
                        Sustained Value approach
                        visit www.dexus.com                                                                            Exchangeable Notes 9%
                                                                                                                       USPP 34%
                                                                                                                       144A 7%
                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report   37




For personal use only
         38      Performance / Properties




         Properties




For personal use only
         As a real estate group, our properties are
         central to our value creation framework.

         Dexus owns and manages high-quality,              Leading Cities                                Our experience in developing high
         sustainable properties located in                                                               quality properties across Australian CBDs
         the key CBDs around Australia.                    Cities around the world are just one          has demonstrated the value of securing
         Underpinned by our customer-centric               third of their way through a 100-year         opportunities and development sites
         approach, we utilise our asset and                cycle of urbanisation. In Australia,          with a long-term focus on creating value.
         property management expertise to                  this is supported by strong long-term
                                                           population growth forecasts in Sydney         Kings Square, Perth was acquired by
         optimise building functionality and
                                                           and Melbourne and record levels of            Dexus as a fund-through development
         maintain high occupancy levels. Further
                                                           infrastructure investment to support          project with DWPF in 2013. The property
         value is unlocked by capitalising on
                                                           their accessibility, liveability and          has performed well throughout a
         development opportunities, in turn
                                                           sustainability as they grow.                  challenging period in the Perth market,
         enhancing portfolio quality and
                                                                                                         due to income security being locked in
         increasingly meeting the growing
                                                           One of the key megatrends impacting           at the time of acquisition, and the office
         demands of our customers.
                                                           our business model is the continued           complex is now 99% leased.
                                                           growth of cities and urbanisation. There
                                                           is a mutual relationship between these        On the east coast, after years of
                                                           growth drivers and the role that Dexus        limited supply 100 Mount Street was the
                                                           can, and does, play in shaping our cities     catalyst for the next wave of quality
                                                           for the future as desirable places to live,   office accommodation coming online
                                                           work and play.                                in North Sydney that is appealing to
                                                                                                         a more diverse range of tenants who
                                                           This is consistent with our strategy          see North Sydney as a viable alternative
                                                           which is centred on delivering superior       to the Sydney CBD. The premium tower
                                                           returns from high quality real estate         was completed in May 2019 and is now
                                                           located in Australia’s major cities.          96% leased.
                                                           This city focus means that our value
                                                           creation potential is closely linked to the
                                                           success of Australia’s major cities which
         Our development                                   are recognised for their amenity, ease
                                                                                                         Our approach
                                                           of access, and place to do business.
         projects contribute to                            We are Australia’s preferred office           towards Leading
         creating Leading Cities                           partner with 1.7 million square metres of
                                                           office space spanning across 53 office        Cities involves:
         by adding to the fabric                           properties, covering the central business     –– Developing world-class office
         and economic prosperity                           districts of Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane
                                                           and Perth.
                                                                                                            properties that deliver customer-
                                                                                                            focused, sustainable workplaces
         of cities, and satisfying                         Our leasing efforts impact portfolio
                                                                                                            and which enhance the amenity
         the evolving needs of our                         occupancy which is a key driver
                                                                                                            and vibrancy of CBDs
                                                                                                         –– Contributing to the long-term
         growing customer base.                            of cash flow optimisation. In FY19,
                                                           the Sydney and Brisbane office
                                                                                                            viability of cities by integrating
                                                                                                            sustainable outcomes into
                                                           markets drove strong leasing activity            developments
                                                           resulting in an increase in Dexus’s
                                                                                                         –– Building mutual city partnerships
                                                           office portfolio occupancy to 98.0%              through collaboration with
                                                           (FY18: 96.0%), with 52,815 square                industry associations
                                                           metres (FY18: 52,589 square metres)
                                                           of development leasing undertaken,
                                                           securing future income streams.




                        To learn more about our progress
                        against our FY19 Leading Cities                                                               To learn more about our
                        commitments, refer to the 2019                                                                Leading Cities approach
                        Sustainability Performance Pack                                                               visit www.dexus.com
                        available at www.dexus.com
                                                                                     Dexus 2019 Annual Report          39




                                                                                            Leading
                                                                                            Cities




                                                                 $31.8bn                     98.0%




For personal use only
                                                                 Value of property           Dexus office
                                                                 portfolio                   portfolio occupancy



                                                                 10,149                     $1.6bn
                                                                 Construction               Gross Value Added1
                                                                 jobs supported2            (GVA) to the
                                                                                            Australian economy

                                                                                            Circa

                                                                 $7.1bn                     $2.2bn
                                                                 Group                      Future concept
                                                                 development                development
                                                                 pipeline                   opportunities



                        Board focus
                        From a property portfolio perspective, the Board approves any acquisitions, divestments
                        or developments. In FY19, the Board approved:
                        –– Acquiring 52 and 60 Collins Street, Melbourne (a future development site)
                        –– Acquiring the remaining interest in the MLC Centre, Sydney (Dexus 25%)
                        –– Acquiring 80 Collins Street, Melbourne (Dexus 75%)
                        –– Acquiring key Sydney properties, on a deferred settlement basis, to create a potential
                           super site incorporating 56 Pitt Street, Sydney
                        –– Establishing DALT which involved the sale of end value circa $2 billion of industrial
                           properties into the trust
                        –– Divesting 11 Talavera Road, Macquarie Park and Finlay Crisp Centre, Canberra
                        –– Activating development projects at:
                           •• North Shore Health Hub, Stage 1 of 12 Frederick Street, St Leonards an identified
                              trading property earmarked to become an asset of the HWPF
                           •• 140 George Street, Parramatta owned within the Dexus Office Partnership, subject
                              to tenant pre-commitment




                                                                 Future focus
                                                                 –– Maintain Dexus office portfolio occupancy
                                                                    at or above 95%
                                                                 –– Create city retail precincts that improve the
                                                                    amenity and vibrancy of our CBDs
                                                                 –– Contribute to economic growth through the
                                                                    generation of employment and contribution
                                                                    to GVA from development projects



                                                                 1. Total Gross Value Added (GVA) includes estimated
                                                                    direct GVA and indirect GVA generated to the
                                                                    economy by developments completed in FY19 and
                                                                    currently underway. Source: Urbis; Dexus.
                                                                 2. Total construction jobs include direct and indirect
                                                                    employment supported by developments completed
                                                                    in FY19 and currently underway. Source: Urbis; Dexus.
         40      Performance / Properties




         Properties




For personal use only
        Securing opportunities.                    The recent acquisition of properties      In Melbourne, we secured 60 and
                                                   located adjacent to 56 Pitt Street,       52 Collins Street, providing a unique
        Adding value.                              Sydney provides a compelling              opportunity to consolidate the two sites
        The acquisition of the remaining 50%       opportunity to consolidate the sites      to create value by delivering the latest
        interest in MLC Centre, Sydney during      and to create a potential super site      generation of office space in the next
        FY19 enabled the commencement              (Pitt and Bridge precinct) and deliver    supply cycle in a prime location where
        of a project that will transform the       a significant office development          our customers want to be.
        retail offering over four levels, create   located in the financial core of the
        a new lobby entrance, enhance              Sydney CBD for a future supply cycle.
        the street appeal and community
        offering in the Sydney CBD.




                        Our office properties are located where
                         our customers want and need to be.


                                Sydney                                                        Melbourne



                   937,503square metres
                                                                                       377,116
                                                                                            square metres




                               Brisbane                                                          Perth



                   271,920square metres
                                                                                     121,606square metres
                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report   41




For personal use only
         42      Performance / Properties




         Properties                                                  Our development pipeline includes
                                                                     properties Dexus is developing to hold
                                                                     directly or on behalf of our third party
                                                                     capital partners (Core) and properties
                                                                     that will be packaged and sold to




For personal use only
         Committed development pipeline                              generate trading profits (Trading).




         Our committed development
         pipeline includes properties that
         have achieved relevant approvals
         and have commenced or are set
         to commence construction shortly.




         180 Flinders Street,
         Melbourne (Core)
         A vibrant new office tower which
         complements the refurbishment of the
         existing heritage offices and building façade
         fully restored to its former glory.

         Project cost: $146 million
         Ownership: 100% Dexus
         Expected completion: Mid-2020




         12 Creek Street – The Annex,
         Brisbane (Core)
         A new development featuring boutique office
         space with a rooftop terrace, cascading gardens
         that combine in a vertical village to provide access
         to fresh air, and a casual dining precinct set in
         a vibrant forecourt.

         Project cost: $62 million
         Ownership: 50% Dexus, 50% DWPF
         Expected completion: Late 2019




         240 St Georges Terrace,
         Perth (Core)
         A Premium office building redevelopment located in the
         heart of the Perth CBD with new end-of-trip amenity,
         refurbished office floors and the introduction of a Dexus
         Place, along with a renewed street entry, improved retail
         offering and a new childcare centre.

         Project cost: $193 million
         Ownership: 100% Dexus
         Expected completion: Late 2019
                                                                                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report   43




For personal use only
                    MLC Centre, 19 Martin Place,
                    Sydney (Core)
                    The MLC Centre precinct will be transformed into a
                    vibrant community offering retail, dining, cultural and
                    commercial spaces in the heart of the Sydney CBD.

                    Project cost: $170 million
                    Ownership: 50% Dexus, 50% DWPF
                    Expected completion: Late 2021




                    North Shore Health Hub
                    12 Frederick Street,
                    St Leonards (Stage 1): (Trading)
                    The North Shore Health Hub is a premium healthcare
                    facility for auxiliary medical services supporting existing
                    infrastructure in a growing healthcare precinct.

                    Ownership: 100% Dexus
                    Expected completion: Late 2020




                    Lot 15, 11-167 Palm Springs Road,
                    Ravenhall, Victoria (Core)
                    –– A purpose built facility across 35,300 square metres
                       including manufacturing, warehousing and a corporate
                       head office for Scalzo foods
                    –– First pre-commitment development lease secured for the
                       estate which was acquired in June 2018
                    –– Speculative facility also being built
                    Project cost: $83 million
                    Ownership: 25.5% Dexus, 50% DWPF, 24.5% Dexus Australian
                    Logistics Partner
                    Expected completion: Late 2020



                    Clearwater Place and Dohertys Road,
                    Truganina, Victoria (Core)
                    –– A purpose-built temperature controlled warehouse facility
                       across 7,300 square metres for Coles Supermarkets Australia to
                       service its Victorian market
                    –– A 9,100 square metre multi-purpose facility designed to
                       accommodate Dunlop Flooring’s national distribution centre,
                       head office and showroom
                    Project cost: $44 million
                    Ownership: 100% Dexus
                    Expected completion: Mid-2020
         44      Performance / Properties




         Properties




For personal use only
         80 Collins Street,
         Melbourne (Core)
         This property is a key precinct project
         contributing to Leading Cities but not a part
         of the group’s development pipeline as it
         was acquired on a fund-through basis which
         will deliver a completed project with the
         leasing of vacant space being undertaken by
         Dexus. The large-scale site is located at the
         ‘Paris end’ of Collins Street and comprises an
         existing 47 level A-grade office tower (North
         tower), and three components currently under
         development including a new 35 level premium
         office tower (South tower), a new retail podium
         and a new 255 room boutique hotel.

         Total acquisition price: $1.476 billion1
         Ownership: 75% Dexus, 25% DWPF
         Expected completion: Mid–late 2020




         Calvary Adelaide Hospital,
         Adelaide (Core)
         Upon completion, the new Calvary Adelaide
         Hospital will provide a high-quality
         contemporary facility with 343 beds. The new
         facility replaces the existing Calvary Wakefield
         and Calvary Rehabilitation Hospitals.

         An asset of HWPF, the project is located on the
         corner of Angas and Pulteney Streets on the
         edge of the Adelaide CBD.

         Current valuation (as if complete): $338 million
         Ownership: 100% HWPF
         Expected completion: Late 2019




         1. Includes the existing North tower. The new components of the 80 Collins precinct
            are currently being developed. Dexus and DWPF have joint ownership and their
            contribution to the development is limited to the acquisition price.
                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report   45




For personal use only
         46      Performance / Properties




         Properties




For personal use only
         Uncommitted development pipeline


         Our uncommitted
         development pipeline
         includes properties identified
         for future development
         that are awaiting
         various approvals before
         commencing construction.




                                                   Carillon City,                              140 George Street,
                                                   Perth (Core)                                Parramatta (Core)
                                                   A masterplanned transformation of           A Prime grade office development
                                                   the Carillon City precinct into a vibrant   located in the heart of the Parramatta
                                                   mixed-use lifestyle destination offering    CBD, providing an innovative workplace
                                                   retail, dining, entertainment and           environment and superior wellness
                                                   commercial spaces in the heart of the       amenity, complemented by an enhanced
                                                   Perth CBD.                                  public domain.

                                                   Project cost: Circa $100 million            Expected project cost: Circa $400 million
                                                   Ownership: DWPF 100%                        Ownership: 50% Dexus, 50% Dexus
                                                                                               Office Partner


        Industrial development
        landbanks (Core)
        Three industrial sites in Melbourne,
        Sydney and Brisbane with a
        combined end value of $700 million.
        – 11-167 Palm Springs Road, Ravenhall,
          VIC is a 127-hectare industrial estate
          in a core West Melbourne industrial
          precinct, with development planned
          over the next 5-7 years (Dexus
          25.5%, DWPF 50%, Dexus Australian
          Logistics Partner 24.5%)
        – 54 Ferndell Street, South Granville,
          NSW is a 10-hectare brownfield
          opportunity in a tightly held            60 and 52 Collins Street,                   12 Frederick Street,
          industrial market with constrained       Melbourne (Core)                            St Leonards (Stage 2)
          land supply (Dexus 51%, Dexus            Consolidation of two adjacent sites to
          Australian Logistics Partner 49%)        create a Prime grade office space located
                                                                                               (Trading)
          (artist’s impression above)              at the ‘Paris end’ of Collins Street.       A world class health and education
        – 425-479 Freeman Road, Richlands,                                                    precinct adjoining major health
          QLD is a 9-hectare brownfield            Expected project cost: Circa $550 million   infrastructure, the St Leonards Health
          opportunity located in close             Ownership: 100% Dexus                       Precinct combines clinical care, research
          proximity to DWPF’s Drive Industrial                                                 facilities, a medi-hotel and key worker
          Estate (Dexus 51%, Dexus Australian                                                  housing that will expand the existing
          Logistics Partner 49%)                                                               medical precinct.
                                                                                               Ownership: 100% Dexus
                                                                                                               Dexus 2019 Annual Report        47




For personal use only
                                                            Case study

                                                            100 Mount Street delivers a new
                                                            landmark for North Sydney

               Waterfront Precinct                          After years of limited supply, 100 Mount    The tower adopts ‘smart’ building
                                                            Street has kicked off the next wave of      technology solutions designed
               Masterplan,                                  quality office accommodation coming         to promote connectivity, comfort
               Brisbane (Core)                              online in North Sydney, supporting the      and convenience for the building’s
                                                            revitalisation of the North Sydney CBD.     occupants including:
               A major redevelopment of the Eagle Street
               Pier creating a precinct with an alternate   100 Mount is a landmark 35-level            –– The ability to ‘plug and play’
               master plan under review.                    premium office tower spanning                  technology as it becomes available
                                                            approximately 41,900 square metres.            without impacting on operations
               Expected project cost: Circa $900 million    Occupying one of the best locations in      –– Leading full cellular coverage
               Ownership: 50% Dexus, 50% DWPF               North Sydney, the site is set to benefit       throughout the building and an
                                                            from proximity to the new North Sydney         upgrade path to the impending
                                                            Metro Station currently under                  5G standard
                                                            construction.
                                                                                                        –– High performance, free WiFi in
                                                            The development was acquired by                common and public spaces
                                                            Dexus (50%) and DWPF (50%) in April         –– A turnkey network-as-a-service
                                                            2016 at a time when there was a lack           solution enabling new customers to
                                                            of quality space available in the North        gain connectivity and leverage the
                                                            Sydney office market. During the period        substantial IT infrastructure embedded
                                                            of construction, Dexus secured 12 new          in the building from their first day of
                                                            customers including NBN Co, taking             occupation
                                                            leased space to 96% at practical
                                                            completion in May 2019.                     At the ground level, the lobby comes to
                                                                                                        life with digital artwork by internationally
                                                            Dexus created significant value at          renowned photographer, Tamara Dean.
                                                            100 Mount Street, at a total cost,          The development offers new dining and
                                                            including acquisition and construction      retail experiences and a pedestrian
                                                            costs, of $466 million.                     pathway bisects the site to connect the
                                                            The property was valued at $764 million     building to nearby public transport.
                                                            (100% interest) as at 30 June 2019 based    An exemplar of sustainable design,
               Pitt and Bridge precinct,                    on a capitalisation rate of 4.88% and       100 Mount is targeting 5 Star Green Star
                                                            has delivered an annualised unlevered       Design & As Built and 5 star NABERS
               Sydney (Core)                                IRR of 39.6% to 30 June 2019, above the     Energy ratings. The International WELL
               A potential office development for Dexus     target development IRR of 12-14%.           Building Institute™ has awarded 100
               and the Dexus Office Partner on a large                                                  Mount the WELL Core & Shell Gold
               3,300 square metre site located in the       Contributing to leading                     Pre‑certification.
               financial core of the Sydney CBD.            cities
                                                                                                        This new development supported
               Expected project cost: Circa $2.6 billion    100 Mount is an iconic centre for           more than 1,800 construction jobs and
               Ownership: 50% Dexus, 50% Dexus              commerce in North Sydney’s growing          contributed approximately $300 million
               Office Partner                               CBD that sets a new benchmark for           in GVA during construction.
                                                            workplace design, sustainability features
                                                            and public amenity.
         48      Performance / Properties




         Properties




For personal use only
         Concept development opportunities


         We have identified circa           Ward Street precinct,
         $2.2 billion of future concept     North Sydney (Core)
         development opportunities          A new masterplan for the Ward Street precinct
                                            consolidates three existing properties to create
         to continue to grow its            circa 70,000 square metres of office space in
         pipeline of value enhancing        close proximity to the future North Sydney Metro
         projects and contribute to         station. (Dexus, Dexus Office Partner)
         Leading Cities.




                                            Henry Deane Place,
                                            Sydney (Core)
                                            Dexus and Frasers Property are progressing
                                            an exclusive position to integrate the NSW
                                            Government’s plans to revitalise Sydney’s
                                            Central Station through the redevelopment
         The confidence                     of the Lee Street properties into a large scale,
         we have in the                     mixed-use development integrating
                                            a transport and pedestrian solution.
         sustainability of                  (Dexus, Dexus Office Partner)
         Australian cities puts
         us in a great position
         to actively seek
         new development
         opportunities.                     Axxess Corporate Park,
                                            Mount Waverley (Core)
                                            A unique investment opportunity to
                                            create a health, education and research
                                            precinct underpinned by innovation
                                            and critical infrastructure. (Dexus)
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report      49




For personal use only
                        Case study


                        Quarry, Greystanes delivers a premium
                        industrial estate to Western Sydney

                        Quarry, Greystanes (Quarry) is the most     With a focus on sustainability, facilities   Contribution to leading
                        significant industrial estate developed     in the estate feature:
                        in the expanding Greater Western                                                         cities
                                                                    –– Capacity for rooftop solar PV panels,
                        Sydney area in recent years.                                                             More than 30 high calibre customers
                                                                       achieving energy and operational
                        Dexus and its third party capital              cost savings through renewables           across a range of sectors are located
                        partners acquired the 70-hectare                                                         at Quarry including Bunnings Trade,
                                                                    –– Harvested rainwater from rooftops         Toshiba, HelloFresh, Symbion, Beaumont
                        site over two tranches in 2007 and             combined with highly efficient water
                        2014 and Dexus has delivered more                                                        Tiles and Coco Republic, providing
                                                                       fixtures in bathrooms and irrigation      employment for around 3,000 people.
                        than 310,000 square metres of premium
                                                                    –– Intelligent LED lighting with sensors
                        warehouse space and 30,000 square                                                        Quarry has established a key economic
                                                                       combined with motion and smart
                        metres of high-quality office space.                                                     hub for Greater Western Sydney,
                                                                       daylight harvesting
                        Dexus worked alongside its customers                                                     supporting more than 1,400 construction
                                                                    –– Translucent roofs and wall sheeting       jobs and contributing approximately
                        to deliver highly efficient, state-of-         for improved natural daylight linked
                        the-art facilities to meet their specific                                                $240 million in GVA during construction.
                                                                       to smart lighting
                        requirements.
         50      Performance / People and capabilities




         People and capabilities




For personal use only
         Our people and capabilities are central to how Dexus delivers
         on its strategy. Our people are inspired and motivated
         to create spaces where people thrive, supported by
         a culture that delivers sustained value for our investors and
         other stakeholders.


         Sustained employee                                Fostering an inclusive                       Investing in our people
         engagement and                                    and diverse workforce                        We continue to focus on internal career
         commitment                                        Our approach to inclusion and
                                                                                                        planning, development and new
                                                                                                        opportunities for our people. Over the
                                                           diversity allows us to harness different
         Our people are passionate, agile and                                                           past year, we placed internal candidates
                                                           perspectives for better decision‑making,
         engaged in the purpose and direction of                                                        in 27% of available roles.
                                                           as well as providing access to the
         Dexus. Our most recent employee survey
                                                           widest pool of available talent. Our         We believe that investments in our
         returned an employee Net Promoter
                                                           people identify with 16 different cultural   people and capabilities will create
         Score of +40, signalling high levels of
                                                           and ethnic backgrounds, and we are           meaningful and productive workplaces
         engagement and a strong connection
                                                           also focused on other segments of            for our teams and enable the right
         to Dexus. In the same survey, more than
                                                           the Australian workforce to reflect          culture and behaviours to deliver
         95% of our people indicated they were
                                                           our customers and communities. We            sustained results.
         proud to work for Dexus. Our All People
                                                           recently signed up to the Veterans
         Flex policy empowers our people to work                                                        During the year, senior leaders and
                                                           Employment Commitment to support
         flexibly to achieve the work-life balance                                                      future leaders participated in the Dexus
                                                           and progress Australian Veterans
         that suits them, and more than 80%                                                             Leadership Academy which focused
                                                           returning to the workforce.
         of our employees participate in either                                                         on the role that culture, purpose and
         formal or informal flexible working               Over the past year, we continued             strategy plays in our organisation.
         practices.                                        our focus on gender equality, earning
                                                           an Employer of Choice for Gender             To help support continuous improvement,
         Our employee surveys also tell us that                                                         Dexus launched the Business Excellence
                                                           Equality citation by the Workplace
         most of our people feel that we have                                                           Champion program, which will equip
                                                           Gender Equality Agency for the second
         a culture of openness and trust. We                                                            people with the skills required to drive
                                                           consecutive year. We made progress
         continue to work with our people to                                                            efficiency, eliminate waste, and deliver
                                                           toward our gender diversity target of at
         reinforce and sustain best practices                                                           sustained value for the group into the
                                                           least 40% female representation in senior
         when it comes to embedding a strong                                                            future.
                                                           and executive management roles by
         risk culture. We believe our risk culture
                                                           2021, with 37% female representation at      Our commitment to building a diverse,
         is a strength at Dexus, leading to
                                                           30 June 2019.                                capable and engaged workforce
         better decision making and fair and
         ethical outcomes for our customers and            More broadly, our people continued to        continues to support our strategy and
         stakeholders.                                     serve as mentors, sponsors, and mentees      deliver sustained results. For our people,
                                                           within the Property Council of Australia’s   coming to Dexus to create spaces where
                                                           Women in Property program and we             people thrive will continue to underpin
                                                           have committed to programs such as           our purpose, culture and values.


         539
                                                           Pride in Diversity to benchmark our
                                                           inclusion efforts. We have also partnered
                                                           with Career Trackers to provide industry
         Total Dexus                                       experience for Indigenous students
         employees                                         through internships.




                        To learn more about our progress
                        against our FY19 Thriving People
                        commitments, refer to the 2019
                        Sustainability Performance Pack
                        available at www.dexus.com
                                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report      51




                                                      Thriving
                                                      People




                               +40
                               Employee Net Promoter Score




For personal use only
                               37%
                               Females in senior and
                               executive management roles



                               27%
                               Available roles filled by
                               internal applicants



                        Board focus
                        –– The Board People and Remuneration
                           Committee oversees all aspects of human
                           resource management as well as Director
                           and Executive remuneration at Dexus. For
                           further details on the key focus areas during
                           FY19, refer to the Remuneration Report on
                           page 68 or the Corporate Governance
                           Statement available at www.dexus.com




                               Future focus
                               –– Maintain an employee Net
                                  Promoter Score at or above +40
                               –– Place internal candidates in more
                                  than 20% of available roles
                               –– Achieve 40:40:20 gender mix in
                                  senior and executive management
                                  roles by FY21 (40% female, 40% male,
                                  20% any gender)
         52      Performance / People and capabilities




         People and capabilities




For personal use only
         The importance of                               Case study
         health and wellbeing
         We support the health and wellbeing             Creating a workplace where
         of our people through a suite of
         wellbeing benefits and a program of
                                                         people thrive - Wellbeing Month
         activities throughout the year, including
         Wellbeing Month which was held in
         May 2019. Throughout the remainder              As part of a commitment to creating        Dexus’s commitment to employee
         of the year, Dexus’s Give, Grow, and            spaces where people thrive, Dexus          health and wellbeing extends beyond
         Thrive wellbeing communities led                designed a suite of benefits and           the activities of Wellbeing Month,
         initiatives including blood donations,          programs focused on enhancing              with a variety of ongoing initiatives
         first aid training, social events, and          employee wellbeing. A highlight of         available including:
         mindfulness sessions.                           Dexus’s offering included Wellbeing
                                                                                                    –– a monthly Wellbeing subsidy to
         We value the safety of our workplaces           Month, which featured a range
                                                                                                       put towards wellbeing activities
         across Australia. Our goal is a no harm,        of activities designed to enhance
                                                                                                       such as gym memberships,
         safe work environment, and during the           physical and mental health.
                                                                                                       massages or hobbies
         year we recorded zero fatalities and            Wellbeing Month was held in May 2019
         no lost time injuries. We also achieved                                                    –– Dexus Days – five additional days
                                                         across Dexus offices around the country.      of annual leave intended to help
         an average safety audit score of 98%            Activities were organised by Dexus’s
         across our corporate and management                                                           balance work and life
                                                         Thrive, Grow and Give Communities
         workspaces and continued to                                                                –– Onsite health and fitness classes –
                                                         and supported by weekly social
         successfully implement our work health                                                        a range of boot camps, yoga and
                                                         events aimed at promoting a positive
         and safety system, which is certified                                                         Pilates classes
                                                         workplace culture.
         under OHSAS 18001.                                                                         –– Discounted membership to gyms,
                                                         The month attracted high participation        nutritional programs and health
                                                         rates in activities including:                consultations

                                                                                                    Dexus understands the importance

                                                         201                   73                   of supporting health and wellbeing
                                                                                                    for its people and how it translates to
                                                                                                    performance and will continue to invest
                                                         flu vaccines          skin checks
                                                                                                    in programs that bring out the best in
                                                                                                    its people.


                                                         164                   38
                                                         massages              posture checks




                                                         65                    18
                                                         employees             employees
                                                         participating         completing
                                                         in mindfulness        first aid training
                                                         training




                        To learn more about our
                        Thriving People approach,
                        visit www.dexus.com
                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report   53




For personal use only
         54      Performance / Customers and communities




         Customers and communities




For personal use only
         Our ability to create value relies on strong and enduring
         relationships with our customers, suppliers and the communities
         where we operate.


         Future enabled customers                     Our smart                                        Data-driven decisions
         We understand the importance of              building blueprint                               With the evolution of data collection
         high‑performing workspaces for                                                                and analytics, we are able to act upon
                                                      At Dexus, we leverage technological
         employee productivity and business                                                            deeper insights into how our customers
                                                      change for the long-term benefit of
         success, and our comprehensive                                                                are consuming spaces and services.
                                                      our workspaces, avoiding the gimmicks
         customer product and service offering                                                         Over the past three years we have
                                                      and securing the game changers that
         supports our customers’ success today                                                         integrated more than 270,000 data
                                                      enhance the customer experience.
         and into the future.                                                                          points across our portfolio into a fault
                                                      Our smart building blueprint relies on six
                                                                                                       detection and analytics platform,
         We know that our customers are more          interconnected pillars that we know are
                                                                                                       which enables us to quickly identify
         likely to be satisfied when we listen to     important to our customers including
                                                                                                       opportunities and ensure our properties
         their concerns and address their needs.      safety, sustainability, productivity,
                                                                                                       are performing optimally.
         Our customer-centric approach is             experience, wellbeing and connectivity.
         underpinned by our Customer Promise to:                                                       With the help of sensors and data
                                                      At 100 Mount Street, our new 35-level
         –– Listen, understand and respond to                                                          analytics at our SuiteX flexible offering,
                                                      office tower in North Sydney, we have
            customer needs                                                                             we have identified usage trends which
                                                      combined the latest in smart sensors
                                                                                                       were not envisaged and can adapt the
         –– Make things ‘simple and easy’             and connectivity including a dedicated
                                                                                                       space to suit. By sharing these insights,
         –– Innovate to enrich customer experience    Internet of Things network. This provides
                                                                                                       we can enhance the experience for the
                                                      the ability to plug and play technology
         This year we evolved the Dexus                                                                people who spend most of their days in
                                                      as it becomes available without
         experience, which is our suite of customer                                                    our properties.
                                                      impacting day-to-day operations.
         benefits that includes access to a range     The suite of technologies is designed
         of products and services designed to         to boost customer experience through
         make our customers’ work lives easier,       optimising the use of space and
         healthier and more enjoyable. This           supporting occupant comfort and
         includes priority access to childcare,       wellbeing. A further driver is energy
         concierge services, end-of-trip facilities   efficiency, where technology enhances
         and a growing program of building            the building’s sustainability performance
         community events and wellbeing               and progresses our pathway to net zero
         activities through our Wellplace offering.   carbon emissions by 2030.
         Our customer focus has delivered             We determine the best use of technology
         positive results for our customers and       not just for its suitability for one
         for Dexus. This year our customer Net        building, but its scalability across our
         Promoter Score increased to +46, a           portfolio. By applying our scale, we
         strong improvement on the FY18 result        gain great commercial outcomes and
         of +32. Half of the customers who            ultimately offer a smooth and consistent
         responded to our annual customer             experience for our customers.
         survey said that they were ‘highly likely’
         to renew their lease (up from 43% in 2018
         and 28% in 2013).
         Our customers told us that they are
         more satisfied because we have:
                                                      >
                                                        4,700
                                                      Customers
         –– Enhanced consistency in service
            delivery across the portfolio
         –– Reduced operational issues
            by improving the resolution of
            service requests
                                                                 To learn more about our progress against our FY19
         –– Implemented tailored action plans
                                                                 Future Enabled Customers and Strong Communities
            on the back of a thorough analysis of                commitments, refer to the 2019 Sustainability
            customer feedback                                    Performance Pack available at www.dexus.com
                                                                                                              Dexus 2019 Annual Report        55




                                                                                                                              Future Enabled
                                                                                                                              Customers
                                                                                                                              and Strong
                                                                                                                              Communities

                                                                                                      +
                                                                                                          46




For personal use only
                                                                                                      Customer Net Promoter Score

                                                                                                      >$
                                                                                                           1.2m
                                                                                                      Value of community contribution


                                                                                                      >$
                                                                                                           550m
                                                                                                      Operational procurement spend




                                                                                              Board focus
                                                                                              Our customer and communities are stakeholders
                                                                                              that are a continued focus for the Board. In FY19
                                                                                              the Board was involved in:
                                                                                              –– Reviewing and discussing the annual customer
                                                                                                 survey results and associated actions
                                                                                              –– Discussing Management’s approach to
                                                                                                 customer compliments and complaints
                                                                                              –– Discussing Dexus’s customer centric
                                                                                                 aspirations and alignment with group strategy
                                                                                              –– Discussing Dexus’s charitable initiatives
                                                                                              –– Discussing and reviewing the group’s
                                                                                                 approach in relation to Modern Slavery Act
                                                                                                 2018 legislation




                                                                                                      Future focus
                                                                                                      –– Maintain a customer Net Promoter
                                                                                                         Score at or above +40
                                                                                                      –– Strengthen customer communities
               Realising the potential of our                                                            through a program of activations
               customers’ workspace                                                                      within the foyers of our office properties
               Across our customer community, we provide products and services to                     –– Implement a new workplace consulting
               satisfy a strong desire to improve their workforce engagement and                         offer to help our customers to leverage
               productivity. To further entrench our unique customer offer, we have                      their premises for business success
               acquired the Australian operations of Six Ideas, a strategic workplace and             –– Support the communities in which we
               change management consulting service.
                                                                                                         operate through contributions valued
               Six Ideas by Dexus will utilise expertise to tackle complex problems arising              at more than $1,000,000
               from continual change around the way we work. Senior practitioners                     –– Implement the Property Council
               with international experience will work alongside our customers to create                 of Australia’s modern slavery due
               environments that support organisational and cultural innovation, while                   diligence tool and target engagement
               maximising the potential of change events.                                                on modern slavery with at least
               This service complements our in-house Project Delivery Group which                        100 suppliers.
               provides project management and capital works delivery for office fit-outs.
               We are now able to provide an end-to-end service that will help our
               customers to leverage their premises for business success.
         56      Performance / Customers and communities




         Customers and communities




For personal use only
         Partnering with our                               Strong communities                         We continued two major annual
                                                                                                      initiatives that raised funds for children
         suppliers                                         Our capacity to create value is            in need, Dexus Diamond Week and
                                                           influenced by the strength of our          Big Change for Small Change. Dexus
         Every year, we engage hundreds of
                                                           relationships with local communities.      Diamond Week is a volunteering
         suppliers to assist us in undertaking
                                                           That’s why we focus on supporting          campaign for our people to raise
         our business activities of transacting,
                                                           well‑connected, prosperous and             funds in building foyers to support the
         managing and developing.
                                                           engaged communities in and around          Sydney Children’s Hospital Foundation,
         Building a network of supplier                    our properties.                            coinciding with the Foundation’s premier
         relationships helps us create value                                                          Diamond Event. Our Big Change for
                                                           Many of our retail centres act as
         through our development activities                                                           Small Change campaign takes place at
                                                           community hubs, providing essential
         and managing our properties more                                                             our local shopping centres, contributing
                                                           spaces for people to gather, shop, and
         efficiently. This can be through the                                                         funds raised to local hospitals around
                                                           play. We work with local authorities and
         engagement of suppliers to provide                                                           the country.
                                                           community groups on issues ranging from
         cleaning, maintenance or security
                                                           economic development to community          To support our engagement with
         services at our properties, or through
                                                           safety, both enhancing our relationships   charities, we enable our people one
         partnerships with suppliers to deliver
                                                           and creating positive impact.              day of leave each year to volunteer at
         elements of our customer offer, such as
         wellbeing service providers as part of                                                       charities such as the Sydney Children’s
                                                           We also leverage our scale to amplify
         our Wellplace offering.                                                                      Hospital, Ronald McDonald House,
                                                           the important work of community
                                                                                                      Landcare, OzHarvest, or a charity of their
                                                           organisations. We welcome the use of
         Over the year we worked with our                                                             choosing. Our employees volunteered
                                                           lobby space in our office properties by
         suppliers to understand modern slavery                                                       a total of 1,711 hours using Dexus
                                                           the community, supporting campaigns
         risk and prepare for the reporting                                                           volunteering leave to support causes
                                                           including Foodbank, the Cancer
         requirements of the Australian Modern                                                        of their choosing.
                                                           Council’s Biggest Morning Tea and
         Slavery Act 2018. We have collaborated
                                                           RSPCA awareness.
         with industry peers through the Property
         Council of Australia to develop a                 Over the year we contributed $1,205,035
         common supplier due diligence tool                financially and in-kind to communities
         that can be used across the industry              across Australia.
         to assess supplier modern slavery risk
         and enhance industry practice. We will
         deploy the tool to our suppliers to obtain
         information on their labour management

                                                                   $
                                                                      1,205,035
         practices from FY20.


                                                                    FY19 community contribution




                                                                       $
                                                                           1,205,035
                                                                       FY19 community contribution
                                                                                                                       Direct and indirect
                                                                                                                       corporate donations 22%
                                                                                                                       Employee volunteering
                                                                                                                       activities 12%
                                                                                                                       In kind support 66%



                                                                                                                     Direct and indirect
                                                                                                                     corporate donations 22%
                                                                                                                     Employee volunteering
                                                                                                                     activities 12%
                                                                                                                     In kind support 66%




                        To learn more about our approach
                        to Future Enabled Customers and
                        Strong Communities management
                        approach, visit www.dexus.com
                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report      57




For personal use only
                                                                                    Case study

                    The Dexus experience                                            Inspiring the next
                    Listening to our customers, we have curated a range of
                    services that are carefully designed to satisfy the everyday
                                                                                    generation through
                    needs and enhance the experience of the people who work         a community initiative
                    in our properties. The services we provide are grouped into
                    the four key pillars of Convenience, Community, Wellbeing       An industry partnership initiative that actively
                    and Sustainability.                                             promoted Science, Technology, Engineering
                                                                                    and Mathematics (STEM) to girls through
                                                                                    experiencing a live build at Dexus’s 100 Mount
                                                                                    Street, North Sydney (100 Mount) has encouraged
                          Convenience                Community                      girls to consider a career in property.

                 Delivering a convenient work        Creating customer              STEM industries are vital to Australia’s
                 experience through five-star        communities through            economic growth however women are significantly
                     concierge, priority access      activations in our office      under‑represented in STEM education, comprising
                        to childcare, transport      foyers, convenient             just 16% of those with STEM qualifications.
                    solutions, simple and easy       local shops, and online        STEM+ is a partnership initiative of Dexus,
                 leases, and access to Dexus         building community             100 Mount’s builder Laing O’Rourke, and project
                    Place, a tailored extension      platforms providing            delivery partners Rider Levett Bucknall and
                        of our customers’ work       workplace news and             Savills. The program immersed students from
                    environment that includes        information, events and        the local girls’ secondary school, Monte Sant’
                         meeting, training and       retail offerings.              Angelo Mercy College into the construction and
                   conference facilities as well                                    engineering industry.
                      as bespoke event space
                  supported by state-of-the-                                        The program’s modules aligned with the construction
                                 art technology.                                    of 100 Mount, a premium office tower that was
                                                                                    completed in May 2019. The modules included
                                                                                    content such as innovative technologies and
                                                                                    sustainability in construction, involving onsite
                                                                                    participation and engagement throughout the year
                                                                                    via Google Classroom.
                                                                                    More than 60 girls across years 8 to 12 participated in
                                                                                    the two-year program, involving direct interactions
                                                                                    with the industry partners. Students were provided
                                                                                    key insights into STEM careers that were not typical
                                                                                    science-based careers including digital engineering,
                                                                                    construction, research and development,
                                                                                    law, quantity surveying, commerce, property
                                                                                    management, human resources and marketing.
                                                                                    As a result of the program, there were fundamental
                                                                                    changes to the students’ school subject selections
                               Wellbeing             Sustainability                 and university pathways, with 25% of 2018 graduates
                          Offering services and      Working with our               pursuing science related careers.
                   amenities that promote the        customers to achieve           STEM+ demonstrates Dexus’s commitment to
                       health and wellbeing of       energy, water and waste        leverage its development projects for social impact,
                    customers through quality        efficiencies for their         with students realising a pathway into an industry
                   end-of-trip facilities, yoga,     tenancies along with           that they never thought was possible.
                    Pilates and fitness classes.     sustainable fit-out designs.
                                                                                    STEM+ students have been offered work experience
                                                                                    places with Dexus and Laing O’Rourke. They have
                                                                                    the opportunity to continue to participate in the
                                                                                    program throughout their tertiary studies and a
                                                                                    graduate position will also be offered.
                                                                                    “This program has had a palpable, culture shift with
                                                                                    regards to women in the construction and property
                                                                                    industry – when they could see it, they could be it.”
                                                                                    Nicole Christensen,
                                                                                    Principal of Monte Sant’ Angelo Mercy
         58      Performance / Environment




         Environment




For personal use only
         Our capacity to create value is built on an efficient portfolio
         that minimises our environmental footprint and enhances our
         resilience to environmental risks.


         Efficient use of natural resources             property group and satisfies the
         creates value for Dexus and supports           demand from both customers and               Case study
         our customers to achieve their own             investors for more environmentally
         corporate sustainability goals. We             responsible energy. From 1 January 2020,
         integrate energy, water and waste              50% of our NSW energy use will be            Solar benefits Dexus
         efficiency into the design and operation       sourced from Red Energy’s wind and           and its customers
         of our properties and regularly                solar projects supported by the Snowy
         benchmark property performance using           Hydro scheme. Beyond reducing                100 Harris Street in Pyrmont has had
         independent building certifications such       emissions, the agreement provides            an interesting history dating back to
         as NABERS and Green Star.                      long-term price certainty to insulate        the late 1890s when it served as one
                                                        Dexus and our customers from                 of Sydney’s original woolsheds.
         Our commitment to achieve net zero
                                                        electricity market volatility.
         emissions by 2030 supports the transition                                                   The heritage building was
         to a low-carbon economy, creates                                                            redeveloped into high quality office
         benefits for the bottom line, and aligns       An efficient portfolio                       space in 2017 and following Dexus’s
         with the ambitions of our third party                                                       acquisition of the property, the
                                                        We progressed our targets of achieving
         capital partners. We are also focused                                                       building has been taken to the next
                                                        1,000,000 square metres of office property
         on understanding the impacts of climate                                                     level through the installation of 606
                                                        at a minimum 5 star NABERS Energy rating
         change on our properties and invest in                                                      rooftop solar PV panels.
                                                        and 4 star NABERS Water rating by 2020.
         initiatives to enhance portfolio resilience.
                                                        At the end of FY19, we had 950,351 square    When Dexus acquired the heritage
                                                        metres of office space committed to or       building, it identified that the building
         Our pathway to                                 rated at 5 star NABERS Energy or higher,     was well suited for solar panels due
                                                        and 757,423 square metres of office space
         net zero emissions                             rated 4 star NABERS Water or higher. We
                                                                                                     to its distinctive sawtooth roof which
                                                                                                     was a typical design of manufacturing
         We achieved our target to reduce               are mindful of the challenge in achieving    properties of its time.
         like-for-like energy consumption and           our 4 star NABERS Water target by 2020.
         emissions by 10% (FY15 baseline), a            Factors such as hot weather, extended        The solar PV panels have the capacity
         year earlier than the target of 2020, as       operating hours, increased occupant          to generate up to 250,000 kilowatt
         our focus shifts towards our long-term         density and end-of-trip facilities have      hours of energy per year which
         objective to achieve net zero emissions        increased demand for water use across        contributes to powering the base
         by 2030 across the group’s managed             our portfolio. In FY19, we gained momentum   building services. The investment has
         portfolio.                                     towards our target and will continue to      a payback period of around five years
                                                        implement water efficiency measures and      and will contribute to increasing the
         In June 2019, we received certification                                                     building’s NABERS Energy rating.
                                                        programs to educate our customers on
         from the Science Based Targets
                                                        water conservation.
         initiative, confirming that our net zero                                                    This solar PV system at 100 Harris
         target is aligned with the ambition            Waste management remained a priority         Street also contributes to Dexus’s
         required to meet the objectives of             as we continued to focus on re-use and       target of net zero emissions across
         the Paris Agreement. The certification         recycling across tenancy fit out projects.   its managed portfolio by 2030, with
         recognises the group’s efforts to go           We also delivered a series of customer       Dexus progressing plans to rollout
         beyond managing our own emissions              education programs to build awareness        additional onsite renewable projects
         and engaging with suppliers and                on the benefits of effective recycling and   across its property portfolio.
         customers to manage the emissions              implementation of industry operational
         across our value chain.                        waste guidelines, developed by the City
                                                        of Sydney’s Better Business Partnership.
         Transforming this target into action,
         during the year we secured a new               Resource efficiency is embedded into
         Energy Supply Agreement with Red               our smart building blueprint which we
         Energy to purchase 46 gigawatt hours           successfully implemented at 100 Mount
         (per annum) of renewable energy                Street in North Sydney. Smart, practical
                                                                                                             To learn more about our progress against
         generated offsite for over 40 properties       investments such as occupancy sensors
                                                                                                             our FY19 Enriched Environment commitments,
         across our NSW portfolio.                      within the building regulate lighting                refer to the 2019 Sustainability Performance
                                                        and air conditioning only when needed,               Pack available at www.dexus.com
         This arrangement is one of the first
                                                        and automated blinds optimise the
         supply-linked deals for an Australian
                                                        indoor environment by managing shade
                                                        and glare.
                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report        59




                                                        Enriched
                                                        Environment




                                 10.9%
                                 Reduction in like-for-like energy




For personal use only
                                 consumption since FY15


                                 12.4%
                                 Reduction in like-for-like greenhouse
                                 gas emissions since FY15


                                 950,351sqm
                                 of office space rated 5 star
                                 NABERS Energy or above




                        Board focus
                        Sustainability and the environment are a key focus
                        area for the Board and the Board Risk Committee.
                        In FY19, the Board and Board Risk Committee were
                        involved in:
                        –– Reviewing the group’s progress in relation to
                           2020 targets
                        –– Discussing the renewable Energy Supply
                           Agreement
                        –– Discussing and reviewing Dexus’s position in
                           relation to on-site and offsite renewables
                        –– Discussing the recommendations of the Task
                           Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
                           (TCFD)
                        –– Reviewing the group’s activities to enhance
                           climate resilience




                                 Future focus
                                 –– Deliver 1,000,000 square metres to
                                    a minimum 5 star NABERS Energy
                                    rating and 4 star NABERS Water
                                    rating across the group’s office
                                    portfolio by 2020
                                 –– Establish new 2025 energy and
                                    emissions reduction targets as
                                    part of our pathway to net zero
                                    emissions by 2030
                                 –– Consistently demonstrate a
                                    resource recovery rate of 80%
                                    by 2020 from de-fitting vacated
                                    space, actively identifying resources
                                    for re-use and increasing waste
                                    diversion from landfill
         60      Performance / Environment




         Environment




For personal use only
         To enhance disclosure on climate‑related impacts,
         we report our approach to climate-related issues in
         accordance with the Task Force on Climate‑related
         Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.



                                                                Governance        Strategy
            The Dexus Board oversees all strategic risks including climate        Our corporate strategy considers climate‑related risks
                  change, with the Board Risk Committee overseeing the            and opportunities across short, medium and long-term
                 group’s enterprise risk management practices, as well as         timeframes. We have applied the Intergovernmental Panel
            environmental management and work health and safety. The              on Climate Change RCP 8.5 scenario to assess exposure
              Sustainability team, led by the Executive General Manager,          to physical risks and the IEA 2°C scenario to understand
              Investor Relations, Communications and Sustainability, and          exposure to transition risks.
            the Senior Manager, Group Sustainability and Energy oversee
                                                                                  Key climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated
            the group’s management response and reporting, presenting
                                                                                  into annual investment planning processes to enhance
            on a quarterly basis to the Board Risk Committee on progress
                                                                                  portfolio resilience across a range of possible climate futures.
                  against targets and to the Board as key topics emerge.



                                                                                                   We continue to enhance our
                                                                                                   understanding of climate-related risks
                                                                                                   and opportunities across the group’s
                                                                                                   property portfolio. Over the past year,
                                                                                                   we updated our portfolio-wide climate
                                                                                                   exposure assessment and worked to
                                                                                                   understand site-specific vulnerabilities.
                                                                                                   We will use these insights in adaptation
                                                                                                   planning at priority locations, further
                                                                                                   integrating climate resilience into our
                                                                                                   Environmental Management System.



                                                            Risk management       Metrics and targets
                    Assessment of climate-related risks is integrated within      We have set an ambitious pathway for emissions
                   our standard framework for managing risks, and climate         reduction through the goal of net zero emissions by
                    change is acknowledged as a strategic corporate risk.         2030 across the group’s managed portfolio. This goal has
                   When considering a potential acquisition, we review the        been certified by the Science Based Targets initiative as
                     sustainability risks as part of due diligence, taking into   meeting objectives of the UN Paris Agreement. We monitor
                    account environmental performance, climate change-            and report on absolute, like‑for‑like greenhouse gas
                  related physical risk exposure and building upgrade and         emissions and emissions intensity for all properties under
             improvement plans. Any required upgrades are undertaken in           our operational control.
               line with the group’s NABERS Energy and net zero emissions
                                                                                  As part of our ongoing TCFD journey, we are bringing
                     targets. For properties under management, we review
                                                                                  together teams across Dexus to combine data for new
               property exposure to climate risks, and other vulnerabilities,
                                                                                  insights on the financial impacts of climate change on
                        and work to enhance adaptation planning at more
                                                                                  asset valuation, operating costs, revenue and capital
                                                         vulnerable locations.
                                                                                  purchases that will be used to inform portfolio strategy
                                                                                  and asset resilience planning.



                                                                                  >$136m
                        Refer to our 2019 Sustainability
                        Performance Pack for additional
                        detail on our approach to
                        climate-related issues, available                         Saved through enhancing portfolio
                        at www.dexus.com
                                                                                  energy efficiency since FY08
                                                                                               Dexus 2019 Annual Report   61




For personal use only
                    The summary of the key risks and opportunities that we have identified
                    relating to climate change, as well as a high level summary of their
                    potential financial impacts is detailed below.

                    Key climate-related risks                  Potential financial impacts

                    Higher taxes on energy                     Increased operating costs

                    Physical damage to assets                  Increased remediation costs
                    resulting from extreme weather             and insurance premiums in
                                                               specific locations

                    Rising mean temperatures                   Increased operating and
                    and heat stress                            maintenance costs

                    Lower investor and customer                Loss in investment and/or
                    confidence in Dexus if it does             customer demand
                    not meet expectations regarding
                    climate risk management



                    Key climate-related opportunities          Potential financial impacts

                    Availability of emissions reduction        Additional sources of revenue
                    incentives

                    Access to new market revenue               Additional sources of revenue
                    opportunities, particularly through
                    self-generation and on-selling of
                    renewable energy

                    Enhanced competitive positioning           Increased investor and/or
                    resulting from sound climate risk          customer confidence
                    management




                               To learn more about our
                               Enriched Environment approach
                               visit www.dexus.com
         62      Governance / Governance




         Governance




For personal use only
         Good corporate governance is the
         foundation for the long-term success
         of the group, and the achievement
         of Dexus’s strategy is underpinned
         by a strong governance platform.

         Our Board and Group Management               term success of the group. Areas of         For the 2019 financial year, the group’s
         Committee are committed to excellence        specific responsibility include financial   governance practices complied with the
         in corporate governance and aspire to        performance, setting strategy and           ASX Corporate Governance Council’s
         the highest standards of conduct and         overseeing its implementation, providing    Corporate Governance Principles and
         disclosure. To support this aspiration, we   leadership and direction on workforce       Recommendations (third edition).
         have embedded a set of well-defined          culture and values, and agreeing and
                                                                                                  We are improving our policies and
         policies and processes that enhance          monitoring the risk framework and
                                                                                                  procedures to ensure compliance
         corporate performance and protect the        risk appetite. During the year a Head
                                                                                                  against the recently published fourth
         interests of all key stakeholders.           of Governance function was created
                                                                                                  edition which takes effect for the first
                                                      within the business with a core focus
         We continue to focus on organisational                                                   full financial year commencing on or
                                                      on ensuring the Dexus Board and
         culture by encouraging an environment                                                    after 1 January 2020 (for Dexus, the
                                                      our people operate under leading
         where our people feel comfortable in                                                     FY21 financial year concluding 30 June
                                                      governance policies and procedures.
         raising issues and ensuring our Board                                                    2021). Further details are set out in the
         and management are kept informed of          Our Board regularly reviews its             Corporate Governance Statement, which
         incidents that may impact the business.      corporate governance policies and           outlines key aspects of our corporate
                                                      processes to ensure they are appropriate    governance framework and practices,
         Our Board and its respective Board
                                                      and meet governance standards and           which is available at
         Committees have overall responsibility
                                                      regulatory requirements.                    www.dexus.com/corporategovernance.
         for corporate governance and are
         collectively responsible for the long


         The Dexus Board and Board Committee membership

                                                                                                     People &
                                                           Audit                 Risk              Remuneration           Nomination
           Director                        Board         Committee             Committee            Committee             Committee

           Richard Sheppard

           Darren Steinberg

           Penny Bingham-Hall

           John Conde

           Tonianne Dwyer

           Mark Ford

           The Hon. Nicola Roxon

           Peter St George

               Chair and member          Member
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report      63




For personal use only
                    Board of Directors                             director performance, diversity is integral
                                                                   to a well-functioning board. We also
                                                                                                                 Board skills and experience
                                                                                                                 Our Board has determined the skills,
                    Our Board comprises a majority of              acknowledge that an effective Board relies    expertise and experience required as a
                    Independent Directors with all directors       on board members with different tenures.      collective to ensure diversity of thought
                    other than the CEO being Independent           Our current focus is on Board renewal         and vigorous debate on key decisions.
                    Non-Executive Directors. The Board             centred around the skills and experience      The collective experience of the current
                    currently consists of seven Independent        needed to complement other directors.         directors has been outlined against the
                    Non-Executive Directors and one                                                              categories in the table below and the
                                                                   The members of the Board of
                    Executive Director.                                                                          Board believes that the current Board
                                                                   Directors and the relevant business
                    The Board renewal process over the             and management experience the                 composition meets or exceeds the
                    past several years has produced an             Directors bring to the Board is detailed      minimum requirements in each category.
                    experienced Board of Directors with a          on pages 64-66 and available at
                    broad and diverse skill set. Our Board has     www.dexus.com/corporategovernance.
                    determined that, along with individual




                        Areas of Skills & Expertise              Experience

                                                                 –– Directorship experience (past and present)
                                   Leadership
                                                                 –– Senior management experience (past and present)

                                                                 –– Experience in the dynamics of raising capital and investment banking
                        		 Capital & Funds Management           –– Experience in the management of third party funds

                                                                 –– Experience in analysing and challenging accounting material and
                                   Finance & Accounting             financial statements and assessing financial viability
                                                                 –– Experience in understanding financial drivers/funding and business models

                                                                 –– Experience with corporate governance and standards of complex organisations
                                   Governance                    –– Ability to assess and commitment to ensure the effectiveness of governance
                                                                    structures

                                                                 –– Experience in relation to remuneration and the legislation/framework governing
                                	People Management                 remuneration
                                 & Remuneration                 –– Experience in managing people and influencing organisational culture

                                                                 –– Experience and industry knowledge in the management of properties including
                           	      Property Experience              property development
                                   (Including Developments)      –– Understanding of stakeholder needs and industry trends

                                                                 –– Experience in managing areas of major risk to the organisation
                                   Risk Management               –– Experience in workplace health & safety, environmental & community, social
                                                                    responsibility and technology matters affecting organisations

                                                                 –– Experience in merger and acquisition activities
                                                                 –– Ability to guide and review strategy through constructive questioning
                                   Strategy
                                                                    and suggestions
                                                                 –– Experience in developing and successful implementing strategy

                                                                 –– Experience in implementing sustainability policies and practices, adopting
                                   Sustainability                   a long‑term approach to decision making
                                                                 –– Understanding of environmental and social topics relevant to the property sector
         64      Governance / Board of Directors




         Governance




For personal use only
         Board of Directors




         From L to R: Penny Bingham-Hall, Mark Ford, The Hon. Nicola Roxon, Darren Steinberg, Richard Sheppard, Tonianne Dwyer, Peter St George, John Conde




         Board composition

         Board professional qualifications                    Board tenure                                         Board gender diversity


         8%                                      8%
                                                               25%                                     25%
         17%                                     25%
                                                                                                                   38%                                        62%
                                                                                                       12%
         17%                                                   38%
                                                 25%
                                              Commerce/
              Science       Economics         Accounting                0–3 years          3–6 years
              MBA           Law               Other                     6–9 years          9+ years                              Female            Male
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report       65




For personal use only
                    Richard Sheppard                            Penny Bingham-Hall                                John Conde AO
                    Chair and Independent Director              Independent Director                              Independent Director
                    BEc Hons, FAICD                             BA (Industrial Design), FAICD, SF (Fin)           BSc, BE (Hons), MBA, FAICD
                    Appointed to Board on 1 January 2012        Appointed to Board on 10 June 2014                Appointed to Board on 29 April 2009
                    Richard Sheppard is both Chair and          Penny Bingham-Hall is an Independent              John Conde is an Independent
                    Independent Director of Dexus Funds         Director of Dexus Funds Management                Director of Dexus Funds Management
                    Management Limited, Chair of the            Limited, Chair of the Board People &              Limited and Dexus Wholesale
                    Board Nomination Committee and              Remuneration Committee and a member               Property Limited and a member of
                    a member of the Board People &              of the Board Nomination Committee and             the Board Audit Committee and
                    Remuneration Committee.                     Board Risk Committee.                             Board Nomination Committee.
                    Richard is a Director of Snowy Hydro        Penny is a Non-executive Director of              John is the Chairman of Cooper Energy
                    Limited, Star Entertainment Group and       Fortescue Metals Group Ltd, BlueScope             Limited and the McGrath Foundation.
                    the Bradman Foundation.                     Steel Limited, Port Authority of NSW and          He is President of the Commonwealth
                                                                Taronga Conservation Society Australia.           Remuneration Tribunal (as President,
                    Richard brings to the Board extensive
                                                                She is also an independent director of            John automatically serves as a Member
                    experience in banking and finance
                                                                Crescent Foundation and Macquarie                 of the Independent Parliamentary
                    and as a director and Chairman of
                                                                Specialised Asset Management Limited.             Expenses Authority) and Deputy
                    listed and unlisted property trusts.
                                                                                                                  Chairman of Whitehaven Coal Limited.
                    He was Managing Director and Chief          Penny has broad industry experience
                    Executive Officer of Macquarie Bank         having spent more than 20 years                   John brings to the Board extensive
                    Limited and Deputy Managing Director        in a variety of senior management                 experience across diverse sectors
                    of Macquarie Group Limited from 2007        roles with Leighton Holdings Limited              including commerce, industry and
                    until late 2011. Following seven years at   including Executive General Manager               government. He was previously Chairman
                    the Reserve Bank of Australia, Richard      Strategy, responsible for the Group’s             of Bupa Australia Holdings Pty Limited,
                    joined Macquarie Group’s predecessor,       overall business strategy and Executive           Ausgrid (formerly EnergyAustralia),
                    Hill Samuel Australia in 1975, initially    General Manager Corporate, responsible            Destination NSW, Sydney Symphony
                    working in Corporate Finance. Richard       for business planning, corporate                  Orchestra and the Australian Olympic
                    became Head of the Corporate Banking        affairs including investor relations              Committee (NSW) Fundraising
                    Group in 1988 and headed a number           and governance systems. She is a                  Committee. John was Director of BHP
                    of the Bank’s major operating Groups,       former director of the Australian Postal          Billiton and Excel Coal Limited, Managing
                    including the Financial Services Group      Corporation, SCEGGS Darlinghurst                  Director of Broadcast Investment
                    and the Corporate Affairs Group. He         Limited and the Global Foundation.                Holdings Pty Limited, Director of Lumley
                    was a member of the Group Executive         Penny also served as the inaugural Chair          Corporation and President of the
                    Committee since 1986 and Deputy             of Advocacy Services Australia Limited            National Heart Foundation of Australia.
                    Managing Director since 1996. Richard       from 2008 to 2011.
                    was also Chairman of the Australian
                    Government’s Financial Sector Advisory
                    Council, Macquarie Group Foundation,
                    Eraring Energy and Green State Power
                    Pty Limited.




                    Board focus during the year                                                      RISK
                                                                                                     The Board Risk Committee is involved in
                                                                                                     reviewing and monitoring our key risks.
                    The key areas of focus for the Board and Board Committees
                    during FY19 are aligned to each of our key resources.                                 p. 24


                    FINANCIAL                 PROPERTIES                 PEOPLE AND                  CUSTOMER AND                 ENVIRONMENT
                                                                         CAPABILITIES                COMMUNITIES




                    The Board and Board       The Board is involved in   The Board and               The Board is involved        The Board and Board
                    Audit Committee are       approving transactions     Board People and            in reviewing aspects         Risk Committee are
                    involved in focusing on   and developments           Remuneration                relating to customers        involved in reviewing
                    financial performance     across the portfolio.      Committee are               and community                aspects relating to
                        p. 28                     p. 38                  involved in aspects         related activities.          climate change and
                                                                         relating to employees.           p. 54                   the environment.
                                                                             p. 50                                                   p. 58
         66      Governance / Board of Directors




         Governance




For personal use only
         Board of Directors                           Mark Ford
                                                      Independent Director
                                                                                                   The Hon. Nicola Roxon
                                                                                                   Independent Director
                                                      Dip. Tech (Commerce), CA, FAICD              BA/LLB (Hons), GAICD
         Tonianne Dwyer                               Appointed to Board on 1 November 2016        Appointed to Board on 1 September 2017
         Independent Director                         Mark Ford is an Independent Director of      Nicola Roxon is an Independent Director
         BJuris (Hons), LLB (Hons)                    Dexus Funds Management Limited and           of Dexus Funds Management Limited
         Appointed to Board on 24 August 2011         a member of the Board Audit Committee        and a member of the Board People &
                                                      and Board Risk Committee.                    Remuneration Committee and Board
         Tonianne Dwyer is an Independent                                                          Risk Committee.
         Director of Dexus Funds Management           Mark is Chair of Kiwi Property Group and
         Limited and Dexus Wholesale Property         Non-executive Director of the manager        Nicola is an Independent Chair of HESTA
         Limited, Chair of the Board Risk             for China Commercial Trust. He is a          and Non-executive director of Lifestyle
         Committee and a member of the Board          Director of Prime Property Fund Asia.        Communities Limited. She is a Patron
         Audit Committee.                                                                          for the BreastWest Foundation. Nicola
                                                      Mark has extensive property industry
                                                                                                   was previously Chair of Cancer Council
         Tonianne is a Director of OZ Minerals        experience and has been involved in
                                                                                                   Australia, Bupa Australia Holdings Pty
         Limited, ALS Limited, Metcash Limited        Real Estate Funds Management for over
                                                                                                   Limited and the Accounting Professional
         and Queensland Treasury Corporation.         25 years. He was previously Managing
                                                                                                   and Ethical Standards Board.
         She is also Deputy Chancellor and a          Director, Head of DB Real Estate
         member of the Senate of the University       Australia, where he managed more             Nicola has more than 20 years’
         of Queensland.                               than $10 billion in property funds and       experience with background in the
                                                      sat on the Global Executive Committee        public sector and significant expertise
         Tonianne brings to the Board significant     for Deutsche Bank Real Estate and            in highly regulated consumer industries,
         experience as a company director and         RREEF. Mark was also a Director in the       professional services and the not-for-
         executive working in listed property,        Property Investment Banking division of      profit sector. She has deep industry
         funds management and corporate               Macquarie and was involved in listing        knowledge of the health, government
         strategy across a variety of international   the previous Macquarie Office Fund. His      and professional service sector in
         markets. She was a Director from 2006        previous directorships include Comrealty     positions including Federal Attorney
         until 2010 of Quintain Estates and           Limited, Property Council of Australia,      General, Federal Minister for Health
         Development - a listed United Kingdom        Deutsche Asset Management Australia          and Ageing, Member for Gellibrand
         property company comprising funds            and he was also Founding Chair of Cbus       and Industrial lawyer and advocate
         management, investment and urban             Property Pty Limited and South East Asia     at Maurice Blackburn and the National
         regeneration - and was Head of Funds         Property Company. Mark previously held       Union of Workers.
         Management from 2003. Prior to joining       senior roles with Price Waterhouse and
         Quintain, Tonianne was a Director of         Macquarie Bank.                              Peter St George
         Investment Banking at Hambros Bank,
                                                                                                   Independent Director
         SG Cowen and Societe Generale based          Darren Steinberg                             CA(SA), MBA
         in London. She also held directorships
                                                      Chief Executive Officer
         on Cardno Limited, the Bristol & Bath                                                     Appointed to Board on 29 April 2009
                                                      and Executive Director
         Science Park Stakeholder Board, and
                                                      BEc, FAICD, FRICS, FAPI                      Peter is an Independent Director of
         on a number of boards associated with
                                                                                                   Dexus Funds Management Limited, Chair
         Quintain’s funds management business         Appointed to Board on 1 March 2012
                                                                                                   of the Board Audit Committee and a
         including the Quercus, Quantum and iQ
                                                      Darren Steinberg is the CEO of Dexus         member of the Board Risk Committee.
         Property Partnerships.
                                                      and an Executive Director of Dexus
                                                                                                   Peter is a Director of First Quantum
                                                      Funds Management Limited.
                                                                                                   Minerals Limited (listed on the Toronto
                                                      Darren has over thirty years’ experience     Stock Exchange).
                                                      in the property and funds management
                                                                                                   Peter has more than 20 years’
                                                      industry with an extensive background
                                                                                                   experience in senior corporate advisory
                                                      in office, industrial and retail property
                                                                                                   and finance roles within NatWest
                                                      investment and development. He has
                                                                                                   Markets and Hill Samuel & Co in
                                                      a Bachelor of Economics from the
                                                                                                   London. He acted as Chief Executive/
                                                      University of Western Australia.
                                                                                                   Co-Chief Executive Officer of Salomon
                                                      Darren is a Fellow of the Australian         Smith Barney Australia/NatWest
                                                      Institute of Company Directors, the Royal    Markets Australia from 1995 to 2001.
                                                      Institution of Chartered Surveyors and       Peter was previously a Director of
                                                      the Australian Property Institute. He is a   Boart Longyear, Spark Infrastructure
                                                      former National President of the Property    Group, its related companies and
                                                      Council of Australia and a founding          SFE Corporation Limited.
                                                      member of Property Male Champions
                                                      of Change. He is also a Director of VGI
                                                      Partners Limited and a Trustee of the
                                                      Museum of Applied Arts & Sciences.
                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report   67




For personal use only
         68      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         Remuneration
         Report




For personal use only
         We are pleased to present the
         remuneration report which focuses
         on our remuneration strategy and
         outcomes, in addition to our people
         and culture highlights for the financial
         year ending 30 June 2019.
                                                                                                  This Remuneration Report forms part of
                                                                                                  the Directors’ Report and outlines the
                                                                                                  remuneration framework and outcomes
                                                                                                  for KMP for FY19.


         A year of outperformance                     management roles by 30 June 2021.           FY19 awards
         This year, Dexus continued to deliver        We have also been recognised
                                                                                                  In line with Dexus’s outperformance in
         strong results against key financial         externally by the Workplace Gender
                                                                                                  FY19, STI outcomes for Executive Key
         and non-financial measures set by            Equality Agency for our diversity
                                                                                                  Management Personnel (KMP) will range
         the Board. Distribution per security         achievements and as a pay equity
                                                                                                  from 110% to 125% of target. As disclosed
         growth was 5.0%, Return on Contributed       ambassador.
                                                                                                  in FY18, LTI outcomes for Executive KMP
         Equity (ROCE) was 10.1%, and growth in       Our customer Net Promoter score             resulted in a vesting outcome of 95% for
         Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO)        increased to +46 and our strong             the 2014 LTI Plan and 100% for the 2015
         per security was 5.5%. This result was       culture and engaged workforce was           LTI Plan.
         achieved through the performance             demonstrated through an employee
         of our property portfolio, selective                                                     Changes to FY20 remuneration
                                                      Net Promoter score of +40. This year we
         asset acquisitions, growth in our funds      progressed our goal to achieve net zero     Overall fixed remuneration increases for
         management business and the delivery         carbon emissions by 2030 and secured        Executive KMP (excluding the CEO) for
         of trading profits. Security holders were    one of Australia’s first supply-linked      FY20 will average 3.5% and there will be
         delivered outstanding returns in FY19        Renewable Energy Supply Agreements.         no fixed remuneration increase for the
         and our CEO and his management                                                           CEO in FY20.
         team were rewarded with above target         Our remuneration approach
         incentive outcomes.                          Our Remuneration framework                  During the year an external review was
                                                      supports our business strategy, where       completed on Board fees after several
         Importantly, this year’s outperformance                                                  years of no increases for Non-Executive
                                                      performance and Security holder returns
         was achieved while enhancing our                                                         Directors (NEDs). A moderate fee increase
                                                      are paramount. Increasing equity
         platform’s footprint to grow in the                                                      has been approved from 1 July 2019. The
                                                      ownership among executives and staff
         future, as well as strong outcomes in                                                    NED fee pool remains unchanged.
                                                      to better align their interests with our
         safety, customer satisfaction, employee
                                                      Security holders, and to strengthen         To further embed NED equity ownership
         engagement and sustainability
                                                      engagement within the organisation          a fee sacrifice program will be
         measures.
                                                      is a key element of our remuneration        implemented in FY20.
         In our office portfolio we continue to       framework.
         outperform benchmarks over three and
                                                      The Board sets hurdles where, if            Our people are at the centre of what
         five years through higher rents and lower
                                                      achieved, Dexus will deliver sustained      we do and we will continue to invest
         incentives. The securing of $3.1 billion
                                                      value and returns for Security holders.     in their development and reward their
         of quality acquisitions increased our
                                                      We have made enhancements to our            achievement of sustainable business
         office exposure in core markets while
                                                      disclosures in this report to improve our   outcomes that add value for all our
         enhancing our embedded pipeline of
                                                      transparency on how we set objectives       stakeholders.
         office development projects in both
                                                      which align executive remuneration
         the Melbourne and Sydney CBDs.                                                           I hope you find this report informative
                                                      to superior risk-adjusted returns for
         This was achieved while maintaining a                                                    and we look forward to receiving your
                                                      investors.
         strong and conservative balance sheet.                                                   support for the resolution approving
         Our funds management business grew           Our approach to executive                   this report at the 2019 AGM.
         to $16.2 billion through the introduction    remuneration continues to be a key
         of significant new funds management          factor in driving our success. In order
         partners and all funds achieved              to attract and retain top talent to lead    Penny Bingham-Hall
         strong performance.                          the Group over the long term, Dexus         Chair – People and Remuneration
                                                      has developed and embedded a                Committee
         We are on track to achieve our gender
                                                      competitive remuneration strategy to        The report has been prepared and audited
         diversity target of at least 40% female
                                                      deliver long term performance and drive     in accordance with section 308(3C) of the
         representation in senior and executive
                                                      an appropriate risk culture.                Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                               Dexus 2019 Annual Report        69




                                                  Board focus




For personal use only
                                                  The main objective of the Board People and Remuneration
                                                  Committee (PRC) is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
                                                  responsibilities by developing the remuneration strategy,
                                                  framework and policies for Non-Executive Directors,
                                                  Executive KMP and the Group Management Committee
                                                  (GMC), for Board approval. In FY19, the PRC were involved in:
                                                  –– Considering how the talent management strategy supports
                                                     business and cultural goals
                                                  –– Reviewing the risk culture framework, metrics and
                                                     assessment approach
                                                  –– Monitoring employee engagement and corporate
                                                     culture metrics
                                                  –– Approving performance objectives and Key Performance
                                                     Indicators for the CEO, KMP and other executives
                                                  –– Undertaking a review of CEO and KMP remuneration,
                                                     including assessment of benchmarks and market trends
                                                  –– Reviewing executive and key talent assessments for
                                                     succession planning and talent management
                                                  –– Monitoring programs to increase security ownership
                                                     for staff and key talent
                                                  –– Introducing a security salary sacrifice program for
                                                     NEDs to increase equity ownership
                                                  –– Reviewing performance against business objectives and
                                                     strategic goals
                                                  –– Enhancing disclosures to address investor feedback
                                                  –– Assessing performance on inclusion and diversity strategy
                                                     and progress towards gender diversity target
                                                  –– Reviewing new ASX Corporate Governance guidelines to
                                                     assess alignment




                                                                       FY20 focus areas
                                                                       –– Monitoring succession planning and
                                                                          talent programs
                                                                       –– Monitoring and assessing group,
                        Our focus on diversity                            CEO, Executive KMP and other
                        has kept us on track                              executives’ performance
                        to achieve our gender                          –– Reviewing and approving the Group
                                                                          balanced scorecard
                        diversity target.                              –– Strengthening our inclusion and
                        In FY19 we reached                                diversity approach




                        37       %
                                                                       –– Overseeing the implementation of
                                                                          Purpose and Values programs
                                                                       –– Overseeing Executive and staff
                                                                          remuneration strategies and
                                                                          frameworks to align rewards to
                        female representation                             performance results
                                                                       –– Monitoring Risk and organisational
                        in senior and executive                           culture
                        management roles
         70      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




                                                             1. Introduction


                                                             1.1 Key Management Personnel
         Contents                                            In this report, Key Management Personnel (KMP) are those individuals
                                                             having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
         1. Introduction                              70




For personal use only
                                                             controlling the activities of the group, either directly or indirectly.
         2. Remuneration strategy and governance       71
         3. Remuneration structure                    75    They comprise:
         4. FY19 Dexus performance highlights         78    –– Non-Executive Directors
         5. FY19 Group scorecard and STI outcomes     79    –– Executive Directors
         6. Historical performance highlights         80
                                                             –– Other executives considered KMP
         7. Executive KMP remuneration outcomes        81
         8. Terms of Executive KMP service agreements 84    Executive Directors and other Executives considered KMP are referred
         9. Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration     85    to collectively as “Executive KMP” in this report. The below outlines KMP
         10. Additional disclosures                   87    of the group during FY18 and FY19. There have been no changes to KMP
                                                             since the end of the reporting period.


                                                              Independent Non-Executive                 KMP                 KMP
                                                              Directors                                 FY18               FY19
                                                              W Richard Sheppard
                                                              Non-Executive Chair
                                                              Elizabeth A Alexander AM                  To
                                                              Non-Executive Director              24 October 2017
                                                              Penny Bingham-Hall
                                                              Non-Executive Director
                                                              John C Conde AO
                                                              Non-Executive Director
                                                              Tonianne Dwyer
                                                              Non-Executive Director
                                                              Mark H Ford
                                                              Non-Executive Director
                                                              Nicola Roxon                             From
                                                              Non-Executive Director             1 September 2017
                                                              Peter B St George
                                                              Non-Executive Director

                                                              Executive Director
                                                              Darren J Steinberg
                                                              Chief Executive Officer

                                                              Other Executives
                                                              Alison C Harrop
                                                              Chief Financial Officer
                                                              Ross G Du Vernet
                                                              Chief Investment Officer
                                                              Kevin L George
                                                              Executive General Manager,
                                                              Office
                                                              Deborah C Coakley
                                                              Executive General Manager,
                                                              Funds Management
                                                                                                                                    Dexus 2019 Annual Report          71




                    2. Remuneration strategy and governance


                    2.1 Our remuneration strategy

                        Our Vision                           Our Strategy                                 Our Remuneration Strategy




For personal use only
                        To be globally recognised            To deliver superior risk-adjusted            To attract, retain and motivate the best
                        as Australia’s leading real          returns for investors from high              people to create a great culture that delivers
                        estate company                       quality real estate in Australia’s           our business strategy and contributes to
                                                             major cities                                 sustainable long-term returns


                    Remuneration principles



                              CULTURE                   ALIGNMENT TO                      MARKET                    SUSTAINABLE                SIMPLE AND
                                                        PERFORMANCE                     COMPETITIVE                                           TRANSPARENT
                    We align reward to our strong We reward for performance           We position reward        We appropriately reward   We keep it simple and set
                    risk, high performance, diverse     aligned to our business    opportunity to attract and    for both financial and     clear expectations
                           and inclusive culture    strategy with an emphasis on     retain the best talent     non-financial outcomes
                                                            equity ownership


                    Executive remuneration components

                                                        Fixed             Short-Term                                               Long-Term
                                                        Remuneration (FR) Incentive (STI)                                          Incentive (LTI)

                        Purpose                         Attract and retain executives          Reward for performance              Align performance focus with
                                                        with the capability and                against annual objectives           the long-term business strategy
                                                        experience to deliver                  and key performance                 to drive sustained earnings and
                                                        our strategy.                          indicators (KPIs).                  security holder returns.

                        Link to                         Motivation to drive a great            Strategic annual objectives         Performance hurdles are set
                        performance                     culture and deliver on the             embedded in each                    by the Board over three and
                                                        business strategy.                     executive’s personalised            four-year periods to deliver
                                                                                               scorecard of KPIs.                  sustained security holder value.

                        Performance                     Significant position                   Group financials, customer,         Adjusted         Return on
                        measures                        accountabilities that                  culture, environmental              Funds from       Contributed
                                                        support the execution                  sustainability, safety and          Operations       Equity
                                                        of the business strategy.              individual objectives.              per security
                                                                                                                                   growth

                        Alignment                       Attract and retain the best            Reward year-on-year                 Encourage sustainable,
                                                        people based upon the                  performance achieved                long-term value creation
                                                        competitive landscape                  in a balanced and                   through equity ownership.
                                                        among relevant peers.                  sustainable manner.

                        Delivery                        Competitive market based               Annual cash      Security Rights    Performance Rights with
                                                        fixed remuneration.                    payment          (25%)              allocation calculated at
                                                                                               (75%)                               Face Value
                                                        (Base Salary and Statutory
                                                        Superannuation and other                                12.5%    12.5%     50%              50%
                                                        benefits).                                              1 year   2 years   3 years          4 years
                                                                                                                Deferred
         72       Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         2.2 Remuneration delivery and mix
         The Executive KMP remuneration mix is structured so that a substantial portion of remuneration is delivered as Dexus securities
         through either deferred STI or LTI. The total remuneration opportunity provides for higher remuneration outcomes only if
         outperformance is delivered. The following diagram (which is not to scale) sets out the remuneration structure and delivery timing




For personal use only
         for Executive KMP.

         Remuneration delivery
                                                                                                             Year 1                Year 2             Year 3          Year 4


              Fixed                                                                                Base Salary,
              Remuneration                                     100%
                                                                                                  Superannuation
                                                                                                    and Other
                                                                                                     Benefits1



              STI                                        75% paid in Cash                                   Cash STI
              (Target is 100% of fixed
              remuneration)                                                                                   12.5% deferred for 1 year
                                                         25% deferred into                                   delivered as Security Rights
                                                          Security Rights
                                                                                                           12.5% deferred for 2 years delivered as Security Rights


                                                                                     Unvested Rights
                                                                                                            25% subject to Adjusted Funds from Operations
              LTI delivered as                        50% subject to a 3 year                                         (AFFO) per security growth
              Performance Rights                       performance period

                                                                                   Subject to forfeiture
                                                                                                             25% subject to average Return on Contributed
              (150% of fixed remuneration                                                                            Equity (ROCE) performance
              for CEO or 75% of fixed
              remuneration for KMP)                                                                                       25% subject to AFFO per security growth
                                                      50% subject to a 4 year
                                                       performance period
                                                                                                                        25% subject to average ROCE performance


         1.    Other Benefits comprise wellbeing and insurance arrangements provided to all employees. These benefits do not flow into the STI and LTI calculations.


         Remuneration mix
         The remuneration components for each KMP are expressed as a percentage of total remuneration, with the STI value varied to
         reflect target performance (100% of target amount) and outperformance (125% of target amount).
         The following diagram sets out the remuneration mix for Executive KMP.

         CEO
              Target

                                             29%                         21%                 7%                                                                 43%

              Outperformance

                                            27%                              25%                           8%                                                   40%



         Executive KMP
              Target

                                                       36%                                                    27%          9%                                  28%

              Outperformance

                                                   33%                                                          31%          10%                               26%


               Fixed Remuneration (Cash)          STI (Cash)    STI Deferred (Security Rights)                           Maximum LTI (Performance Rights)
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report      73




                    2.3 Changes for FY20

                        Executive KMP remuneration




For personal use only
                        FIXED REMUNERATION                                                VARIABLE PAY

                        To ensure the total remuneration opportunity remains              There are no changes to the remuneration
                        competitive and to improve internal equity, the Board             structure or opportunity levels for the CEO or
                        approved an average increase of 3.5% for Executive KMP            Executive KMP.
                        (excluding the CEO) fixed remuneration for FY20.
                        In FY20 there will be no fixed remuneration increase for
                        the CEO.



                        NED remuneration




                        INCREASE TO FEES                                                  SIMPLIFICATION OF THE MINIMUM SECURITY
                                                                                          HOLDING GUIDELINE
                        NED fees have been increased based on a review
                        of relevant ASX listed peers in order to reflect the              To align to the approach for Executive KMP, where the
                        responsibilities and workload of the Board and Committee          minimum value of security holding has been set as a
                        Chairs and members. NED base fees were last increased             percentage of fixed remuneration, the NED guidelines
                        in 2016, and Committee fees last increased in 2013. The NED       were adjusted from 16,500 DXS securities to the
                        remuneration pool will remain unchanged.                          equivalent of 100% of NED Base fees, within five years
                                                                                          from appointment.
                                                                                          To further support NED ownership of DXS securities,
                                                                                          a security fee sacrifice program will be implemented
                                                                                          in FY20.



                    2.4 Securities Trading Policy
                    The Securities Trading Policy provides guidance to Directors, Employees (including Key Management Personnel), Contractors and
                    Associates for ongoing compliance with legal obligations relating to trading or investing in financial products managed by Dexus.
                    The Policy prohibits employees from trading in financial products while they are in possession of Inside Information (non-public
                    price sensitive information) and hedging their exposure to unvested DXS securities. Trading in DXS securities or related products is
                    only permitted with the permission of the Chair (for Directors and CEO) or the CEO (for Executive KMP and all other staff).
                    The Group also has Conflict of Interest and Insider Trading policies in place which extend to family members and associates
                    of employees.
         74      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         2.5 Remuneration governance


                                                                        Board




For personal use only
                        Approves and has oversight of Dexus’s Remuneration Policy, Non-Executive Director and Executive KMP
                                                        remuneration and culture indicators.



                                                     People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                        Members
                                                                     Penny Bingham-Hall
                                                                    The Hon. Nicola Roxon
                                         Audit Committee              Richard Sheppard       Risk Committee
                              Review the calculation of financial                            Advises the PRC of material risk issues,
                          incentive plan performance measures.                               behaviours and/or compliance breaches.
                                                                                             Two joint meetings are held each year
                                                                                             with the PRC to review Risk Culture
                                                                                             frameworks, metrics and audit information.



                                              Management                                     Independent external advisors
                                Propose executive appointments,                              The Board’s independent remuneration advisor,
                         succession plans, policies, remuneration                            EY, provides market practice insights and
                          structures and remuneration outcomes                               trends in relation to executive remuneration
                           to the PRC for review and approval or                             approaches. EY did not make any remuneration
                                  recommendation to the Board.                               recommendations in FY19.
                                                                                             Any advice provided by EY, or any other
                                                                                             remuneration consultant, is used as an input
                                                                                             in making remuneration decisions, and is not a
                                                                                             substitute for consideration of relevant issues by
                                                                                             each member of the PRC.



         People & Remuneration Committee (PRC)                                 Members
         The PRC is responsible for developing the remuneration                The PRC members have experience in remuneration, people,
         strategy, framework and policies for Non-Executive Directors,         leadership, human resources, risk management and compliance
         Executive KMP and the Group Management Committee (GMC)                which enables effective oversight and governance of Dexus’s
         for Board approval.                                                   remuneration framework.
         The responsibilities of the PRC are outlined in the PRC’s Terms       Meetings
         of Reference available at www.dexus.com/boardcommittees
         which is reviewed and approved annually by the Board. The             The PRC is required to meet at least three times per year. In FY19,
         primary accountabilities of the PRC are:                              the PRC met six times to discuss and review remuneration, and
                                                                               people and culture related matters.
         –– Reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval
            Dexus’s Remuneration Policy, which covers Executive KMP,           Accurate and complete Committee papers are provided to all
            GMC members and all other Dexus employees                          PRC members prior to meetings to enable timely, considered
                                                                               and effective decision making. The PRC may request additional
         –– Reviewing and approving the Group Scorecard, annual
                                                                               information from management or external advisors where required.
            performance objectives and KPIs of the CEO and
            GMC members                                                        The PRC uses a range of inputs when assessing Executive KMP
                                                                               performance and determining remuneration outcomes:
         –– Recommending to the Board for approval CEO and
            GMC members’ remuneration and incentive payments                   –– Financial performance, measured using audited financial
                                                                                  measures
         –– Reviewing and approving aggregate fixed remuneration
            changes and annual incentive payments for all Dexus                –– Management providing detailed examples of how
            employees                                                             non-financial outcomes have been achieved
         –– Reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval the           –– Demonstrated leadership of the Dexus values and behaviours
            Code of Conduct and Diversity Principles                           –– External remuneration benchmarking, provided by
         –– Reviewing and approving processes and information                     independent external advisors
            on talent assessments, leadership development and                  Under certain circumstances, the PRC and Board may adjust
            succession planning                                                proposed remuneration outcomes or forfeit Rights issued under
         –– Reviewing processes and metrics for measuring culture and          the Dexus LTI or STI Plans.
            behaviours, including risk culture areas
                                                                                                                            Dexus 2019 Annual Report         75




                    3. Remuneration structure


                    3.1 Fixed Remuneration
                    Our fixed remuneration strategy is to pay at market competitive rates to attract and retain top talent. Remuneration levels are
                    set based on role size, complexity, scope and leadership accountability. We adhere to the principle of pay equity, which has led
                    to gender pay equity across Dexus in like-for-like roles in FY19. To determine fixed remuneration levels, we benchmark externally




For personal use only
                    against A-REIT ASX100 companies, and compare similar roles in organisations with similar market capitalisation.

                    3.2 Short-Term Incentive (STI)

                        The STI plan is aligned to security holder interests by:
                        –– Encouraging executives to achieve year-on-year performance in a balanced and sustainable manner
                        –– Mandatory deferral of 25% of each STI award into Security Rights deferred over two years, acting as a retention mechanism




                          $
                                     80% Financial                                                              20% Non-Financial
                                     Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO)                                      Customer, culture, environmental
                                     Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE)                                        sustainability, safety and
                                     Office and funds management                                                individual objectives
                                     financial outcomes (relative measures)


                                                                   Short-Term Incentive (at risk)
                                                      ↓                                                                   ↓
                                                    Cash                                                               Equity
                                         Annual cash payment (75%)                           Deferred Rights (25%)            Subject to forfeiture
                                                                                             12.5%    12.5%                   provisions and continued
                                                                                             1 year   2 years                 employment during the
                                                                                                                              vesting period.

                                                                                  Group Result on             Individual                 Individual STI
                            Fixed                      STI Target               Financial and Non-           Contribution              Outcome (Capped
                         Remuneration                                           financial measures              Factor                 at 125% of Target)

                                        Each Executive KMP is awarded an individual STI outcome between zero and 125% of their target.
                         Individual STI outcomes are based on group performance and individual contribution, which includes a behavioural gateway.
                                                The maximum STI opportunity for Executive KMP is 125% of Fixed Remuneration.


                        STI plan structure
                        The financial measures have been selected so that the overall focus is on the annual financial execution of business plans by
                        KMP. AFFO per security growth and ROCE reflect the Group’s overall financial performance. Further inclusion of Office and Funds
                        Management financial outcomes ensure each business area has achieved required results. The Office and Funds management
                        outcomes have been categorised in FY19 under the Financial category, resulting in the 80% Financial weighting (these outcomes
                        were previously categorised as part of the Non-Financial measures resulting in the categories having a weighting of 50% Financial
                        and 50% Non-Financial in FY18). The remaining items provide the Board with a mechanism to ensure that the sustainability of annual
                        results are reflected in remuneration outcomes for KMP. A behavioural gateway underpins the STI award. If a participant of the STI
                        plan does not meet behavioural expectations, then the individual’s award may be forfeited regardless of company performance.

                        How much of the STI award is deferred?                              When are STI awards forfeited?
                        25% of any award under the STI plan is deferred into Rights         Forfeiture will occur should the participant’s employment
                        to DXS securities.                                                  terminate within 6 months of the grant date for any reason,
                        The rights vest in two equal tranches, 1 and 2 years after          or if the participant voluntarily resigns or is terminated for
                        being granted. Rights deferred under the STI plan are subject       cause prior to the vesting date.
                        to forfeiture and vest based on continued employment.               Rights may be reduced or cancelled at the Board’s
                        The number of Rights awarded is based on 25% of the                 discretion including in circumstances such as a participant
                        awarded STI value divided by the volume weighted average            committing an act of fraud, wilful misconduct, reputational
                        price (VWAP) of DXS securities 10 trading days either side of       damage to Dexus, serious or wilful negligence or
                        the first trading day of the new financial year.                    incompetence, being convicted of a criminal offence or
                                                                                            if there has been a material misstatement of the group’s
                        The remaining 75% of any award is paid in cash in August
                                                                                            financial accounts as a consequence of a deliberate
                        following the announcement of the Group’s annual results.
                                                                                            misrepresentation or fraud.
                        DXS securities are purchased on market to satisfy the
                                                                                            Notwithstanding the above, if a participant’s employment
                        deferred rights for the STI plan.
                                                                                            is terminated for reasons such as retirement, redundancy,
                        Are distributions paid on unvested Rights awarded under             reorganisation, change in control or other unforeseen
                        the STI plan?                                                       circumstances, the People & Remuneration Committee may
                        For the portion of STI deferred as Rights, participants are         recommend to the Board that the executive should remain
                        entitled to the benefit of distributions paid on the underlying     in the plan as a ‘good leaver’.
                        DXS securities prior to vesting, through the issue of
                        additional Rights at the time of vesting.
         76      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         3.3 Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

              The LTI plan is aligned to security holders’ interests in the following ways:




For personal use only
              –– Encourages executives to make sustainable business decisions within the Board-approved strategy of the Group
              –– Aligns the financial interests of executives participating in the LTI Plan with security holders through exposure to DXS securities



                                50% Adjusted Funds
                                                                                                      50% Return on
                              From Operations (AFFO)
                                                                                                Contributed Equity (ROCE)
                                per security growth


                                                        Long-Term Incentive (at risk)
                                                                    ↓
                                                                             Equity
                           Performance Rights                     50%                    50%                  Subject to hurdles, forfeiture, and
                        with allocation calculated                                      4 year                 continued employment during
                                                                 3 year
                              at Face Value                                          Performance                     the vesting period
                                                              Performance
                                                                 Period                 Period


                                                                                                50%
                                                                                          AFFO per security
                                                                                         growth performance                   Individual LTI Outcome
                      Fixed
                                                       LTI Allocation                                                            (Capped at 100%
                   Remuneration
                                                                                                                                   of Allocation)
                                                                                                 50%
                                                                                            Average ROCE
                                                                                             performance


              Each Executive KMP is allocated an LTI opportunity subject to performance hurdles. The award may vest between 50% to 100%
              of the allocation amount based on performance. LTI awards do not vest if performance targets are not met for both measures.

                                           The maximum LTI opportunity for the CEO is 150% of Fixed Remuneration,
                                                 and for other Executive KMP is 75% of Fixed Remuneration.

         LTI performance hurdles
         The two performance conditions under the LTI plan are Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) per security growth (implied
         CAGR)1 and average Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE)2 over both three and four-year periods. These performance conditions
         are weighted equally and align the plan outcomes with the commercial long-term performance that is within the executive’s
         ability to influence. If these hurdles are met, the Board’s view is that Security holders will be rewarded over time by superior market
         performance.

                        AFFO per security growth is a key measure of growth and is calculated in line with the Property Council
                       of Australia (PCA) definition. AFFO is Funds From Operations (FFO) as per the PCA’s definition adjusted for
                maintenance capex, incentives (including rent free incentives) given to tenants during the period and other one-off items.
                        ROCE represents the annualised average rate of return to security holders, calculated as a percentage,
                              comprising AFFO together with the net tangible asset impact from completed developments,
                           divided by the average contributed equity during the period. ROCE is measured as the per annum
                                     average at the respective conclusion of the three and four-year vesting periods.

         The two absolute measures provide greater focus on the fundamentals of Dexus’s business and on the performance of the
         Executive team in meeting the targets which the Board sets than would general relative measures. AFFO per security growth and
         ROCE remove the potential favourable or unfavourable impact of macro-economic variables impacting asset valuations, as well
         as the composition vagaries of listed and unlisted peer groups. We include these two measures in both the STI and LTI plans as
         we believe they contribute significantly to Security holder returns both in the short-term and long-term.
         Each year, the Board reviews existing performance measures and their hurdles to ensure they align with Security holder
         expectations and the current Dexus Strategy. In FY19 the Board reviewed the measures and resolved to retain AFFO per security
         growth and ROCE as these are the critical business metrics which will drive market performance and Security holder returns.

         1. The implied compound annual growth rate refers to the nominal growth per annum that is required to achieve the target AFFO per security
            over the vesting period.
         2. The ROCE calculation excludes the impact of asset revaluations.
                                                                                                                                 Dexus 2019 Annual Report        77




                    LTI performance ranges
                    The Board sets the performance range for both LTI hurdles over three and four-year periods. The Board does not reset or change




For personal use only
                    the ranges during the performance period. The Board aligns the target setting with the Group’s key operational metrics of
                    maintaining a through the cycle AFFO per security growth range of 3% to 5% and ROCE of 7% to 10%. Actual AFFO per security
                    growth and average ROCE performance achieved relative to the targets are disclosed retrospectively at the end of the
                    performance period. Dexus does not publish details of the hurdles prior to the testing of the first tranche at the end of the first
                    performance period (year 3) as this would result in the disclosure of commercially sensitive information in connection with the
                    group’s forecasts.

                                               Vesting under both the AFFO per security growth and average ROCE measures
                                                  are on a sliding scale against performance conditions set by the Board.

                             AFFO and ROCE Performance                             Vesting Outcome                                 Hurdle setting

                               Below Target Performance                                   Nil vesting                        Below target set by Board

                                                                                                                               Target set between the
                                                                                                                            ‘through the cycle’ ranges of:
                                   Target performance                                     50% vesting                   – AFFO per security growth 3% to 5%
                                                                                                                                 – ROCE 7% to 10%

                         Between Target and Outperformance                        Straight line vesting

                                                                                                                                 Within or above the
                                    Outperformance                                    100% vesting
                                                                                                                              ‘through the cycle’ range

                    The Group aims to continually deliver AFFO per security growth and ROCE performance year on year, but fluctuations are to be
                    expected. Factors that may cause fluctuation in AFFO are built into business forecasting and include the development pipeline,
                    leasing assumptions, economic forecasts, management’s actions in applying rent-free periods, incentives and maintenance
                    expenditure.



                        LTI plan structure
                        How is the number of Performance Rights determined?
                        The number of Performance Rights granted is equal to the participant’s LTI grant value (based on a percentage of fixed
                        remuneration) divided by the VWAP of DXS securities ten trading days either side of the first trading day of the new financial
                        year. The methodology computes grants based on ‘face value’ rather than ‘fair value’.
                        From FY19, the maximum LTI opportunity is set at 150% of fixed remuneration for the CEO and 75% for other Executive KMP.

                        Do participants receive distributions on unvested                         Notwithstanding the above, if a participant’s employment
                        LTI awards?                                                               is terminated for reasons such as retirement, redundancy,
                        Participants are not entitled to distributions paid on                    reorganisation, change in control or other unforeseen
                        underlying DXS securities during the performance period prior             circumstances, the People & Remuneration Committee may
                        to Performance Rights being tested for vesting.                           recommend for approval by the Board that the participant
                        When are LTI awards forfeited?                                            remain in the plan as a ‘good leaver’.
                        If the performance conditions are not met, Performance                    How is the LTI Plan administered
                        Rights relating to that tranche will be forfeited. There is               The administration of the LTI plan is supported by the
                        no retesting of forfeited Rights. The Board maintains the                 LTI plan rules.
                        discretion to forfeit unvested Performance Rights in the                  DXS securities are purchased on market (for all participants
                        case of significant misconduct or material misstatement                   including the CEO) to satisfy the Performance Rights for the
                        of performance.                                                           LTI plan. The Board retains the right to amend, suspend or
                        Additionally, forfeiture will occur should the participant’s              cancel the LTI plan at any time.
                        employment terminate within 12 months of the grant date
                        for any reason, or if the participant voluntarily resigns or is
                        terminated for cause prior to the vesting date.
         78      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         4. FY19 Dexus performance highlights




         In FY19, Dexus continued to deliver strong results and outperformance across key metrics.




For personal use only
              Financial performance
              Group performance
              AFFO per security growth                                                               ROCE (%)
                              50.3 cps
               47.7 cps                                                                                                       10.1%
                                          5.5%
                                          growth
                                                                                                               7.6%




                 FY18            FY19
                                                                                                              FY18            FY19
              Leadership in office
              Dexus office portfolio performance versus benchmark1 (%)
                 14.0%
                                         14.0%                                            13.3%
                                 13.0%                                                              12.8% 13.3%
                                                      13.0%                                                               12.8%


                                                 Dexus office portfolio                                               Dexus office portfolio
                                                                  Dexus office portfolio                                               Dexus office portfolio
                                                 MSCI benchmark                                                       MSCI benchmark
                   Three years                                    MSCI benchmark        Five years                                     MSCI benchmark
                                          Three years                                                          Five years
              Funds performance
              Dexus Wholesale Property Fund (DWPF) versus benchmark 2 (%)
                                                 12.63%                 12.48%
                                                                                                  11.45%
                                                          10.39%                                                             10.69%
                    10.24%                                                       10.75%                    10.11%
                                                                                                                                      9.24%

                             7.21%                                                                                                                              DWPF return
                                                                                                                                                                Benchmark return
                        1 year                     3 years               5 years                    7 years                   10 years

              Non-financial performance
              Customer, Environment & Culture

           Average safety audit score                       Customer NPS3                     Employee NPS3                                   Female representation in senior and


           98%                                              +46                               +40
                                                                                                                                              executive management roles


           FY18: 97%                                        FY18: +32                                                                         37%
                                                                                                                                              FY18: 34%
                                                                                                                                              (40% female by FY21 target)

           5 star NABERS Energy rating or above across                                                        WGEA Employer of Choice

           950,351                         sqm
           FY18: 892,000sqm (1 million sqm by FY20 target)
                                                                                                  ✔           for Gender Equality and
                                                                                                              maintained pay equity in
                                                                                                              like-for-like roles


           4 star NABERS Water rating or above across                                         Increased renewables through securing an

           757,423sqm                                                                         Energy Supply Agreement
           FY18: 615,000sqm                                                                   which will purchase offsite renewable energy
           (1 million sqm by FY20 target)                                                     from 1 January 2020

         1. As at 31 March 2019 compared to MSCI Australian Quarterly Digest for Office Sector benchmark.
         2. As at 30 June 2019 compared to MSCI/Mercer Australia Core Wholesale Monthly Property Fund Index (Net returns, Net Asset weighted).
         3. The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is calculated as the difference between the percentage of Promoters and Detractors. The NPS is not expressed as a
            percentage, but as an absolute number between -100 and +100. There was no FY18 baseline for eNPS.
                                                                                                                                 Dexus 2019 Annual Report            79




                    5. FY19 Group scorecard and STI outcomes
                    5.1 FY19 Group scorecard
                    For FY19 the Board considered a range of Financial and Non-Financial measures and targets that, if achieved, would be key
                    indicators of company performance and drivers of Security holder value. The Board set Threshold, Target and Outperformance
                    hurdles at the beginning of the financial year which remained unchanged throughout the performance period.
                    Category        Measurements                             FY19 Result   Comments




For personal use only
                    Financial performance (80%)
                    Group performance

                                    AFFO per security growth                               –– AFFO per security of 50.3 cents, achieving growth of 5.5%.
                                                                                              (Threshold 4.0% growth, Target 5.0% growth and Outperformance
                                    ROCE
                                                                                              5.5% growth).
                                                                                           –– ROCE of 10.1% achieved. (Threshold 7%, Target 8% and
                                                                                              Outperformance 9%).




                    Leadership in office

                                    Dexus office portfolio                                 –– Dexus office portfolio continued to outperform the MSCI
                                    performance versus external                               office benchmark over three and five years.
                                    benchmarks over 3 and 5 years                          –– To fully achieve Target performance, the Dexus office portfolio
                                                                                              needed to reach the stretch target of 66th to 75th percentile
                                                                                              which was not met.




                    Funds performance

                                    DWPF versus benchmarks over                            –– Achieved strong performance across all funds with DWPF
                                    3 and 5 year returns                                      outperforming benchmark over 1, 3, 5, 7 and 10 years.
                                    All other funds outperforming                          –– 100% of funds outperforming benchmarks over 3 and 5 years.
                                    financial objectives and targets




                    Non-financial performance (20%)
                    Customer, Environment & Culture

                                    Zero fatalities from incidents                         –– Zero fatalities and an average safety audit score of 98% across
                                                                                              Dexus’s corporate and management workplaces (Outperformance
                                    Safety audit score
                                                                                              90%).
                                    Customer NPS                                           –– Customer NPS increased to +46 in FY19 (Outperformance +34 NPS).
                                    Progress environmental targets                         –– Secured one of Australia’s first supply-linked renewable Energy
                                    Employee NPS                                              Supply Agreements and delivered 950,351sqm of office space rated
                                                                                              minimum 5 star NABERS Energy (Target).
                                    Senior management gender
                                    diversity                                              –– Employee NPS of +40 (Outperformance).
                                                                                           –– 37% Female representation in senior and executive management
                                                                                              roles (Target 40% by 2021).


                    Overall

                    Key

                    Category               Culture          Alignment to performance         Market competitive         Sustainable         Simple and transparent


                                                                     Target                   Partial                      Threshold
                    FY19 Result            Outperformance
                                                                     (full achievement        (between Threshold and       (minimum achievement         Not achieved
                                           (above target)
                                                                     against targets)         Target achievement)          against targets)



                    5.2 STI outcomes for Executive KMP
                    Based on Group Performance and factoring in individual scorecards and weightings, the Board awarded the CEO 125% of target
                    incentive in FY19. The weightings were 80% Financial (50% for Group Financial Performance, 15% for Office performance, and 15% for
                    Funds performance) and 20% for Customer, Environment, Culture and individual scorecard components.
                    For other Executive KMP the STI outcomes ranged from 110% to 125% of Target. For all other Executive KMP, Group Financial
                    Performance was also weighted at 50%. The other category weightings were varied based on areas of responsibility and
                    accountabilities. Detailed STI outcomes for FY19 are provided in section 7.1.
         80        Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         6. Historical performance highlights
         Five year financial performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                FY19                          FY18                    FY17                    FY16                          FY15

         Funds From Operations (FFO)                                                        ($m)                681.5                    653.3                        617.7                  610.8                    544.5
         Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO)                                              ($m)                 517.2                  485.5                        439.7                   413.9                     369.8
         Net Profit After Tax                                                               ($m)               1,281.0                1,728.9                       1,264.2                 1,259.8                     618.7
         AFFO per security                                                                (cents)                50.3                         47.7                    45.4                    42.7                          40.4
         AFFO per security growth                                                             (%)                   5.5                        5.1                     6.3                       5.7                         6.6
         Distribution per security                                                        (cents)                50.2                         47.8                   45.47                   43.51                     41.04
         Return on Equity (ROE)                                                               (%)                  13.9                        19.8                    18.2                     19.3                         11.5
         Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE)                                                  (%)                 10.1                         7.6                      7.6                   n/a                           n/a
         Closing Dexus security price                                                         ($)               12.98                          9.71                   9.48                    9.02                          7.30
         NTA per security                                                                     ($)               10.48                         9.64                    8.45                     7.53                         6.68




         Total Security holder return (TSR)
                                                                                                                                       1 Year                   3 Years*                   5 Years*              10 Years*

         Dexus                                                                                                                     39.4% p.a.              18.2% p.a.              20.0% p.a.                   17.4% p.a.
         S&P/ASX 200 Property Accumulation Index                                                                                   19.3% p.a.               8.1% p.a.                13.6% p.a.                 14.0% p.a.

         Source: UBS Australia as at 30 June 2019.
         * Annual compound returns.

         Relative TSR since listing in 2004

           500




           400




           300




           200




           100                                                                                                                                                                            Dexus            S&P/ASX 200
                                                                                                                                                                                          Total            Property
                                                                                                                                                                                          Return           Accumulation
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Index
              0


                  Sep-04   Jun-05   Mar-06   Dec-06   Sep-07   Jun-08   Mar-09   Dec-09      Sep-10   Jun-11    Mar-12    Dec-12     Sep-13       Jun-14   Mar-15       Dec-15   Sep-16      Jun-17    Mar-18      Dec-18       Jun-19


         Source: UBS Australia to 30 June 2019.
                                                                                                                                             Dexus 2019 Annual Report             81




                    7. Executive KMP remuneration outcomes
                    7.1 STI awards for FY19 performance
                    The STI awards made to each Executive KMP with respect to their performance during the year ended 30 June 2019 are provided




For personal use only
                    below. The People and Remuneration Committee reviewed the results of the FY19 performance scorecard and recommended the
                    STI awards for Executive KMP. The Board then approved the STI awards in the table below. The 75% cash component will be paid
                    in August 2019 following the approval of statutory accounts and announcement of the group’s annual results. This payment will
                    form a part of the FY20 cash earnings for Executive KMP.

                                                           STI target     STI max                                      % of              % of              % of             % of
                                                           % of fixed   % of fixed             STI award             target         maximum         maximum           STI award
                    Executive KMP                       remuneration remuneration                     ($)      STI awarded       STI awarded      STI forfeited        deferred

                    Darren J Steinberg                           100%              125%      $2,000,000                125%             100%                0%               25%
                    Ross G Du Vernet                             100%              125%         $937,500               125%             100%                0%               25%
                    Kevin L George                               100%              125%        $825,000                110%              88%                12%              25%
                    Alison C Harrop                              100%              125%         $797,500               110%              88%                12%              25%
                    Deborah C Coakley                            100%              125%        $750,000                125%             100%                0%               25%


                    7.2 Deferred STI and LTI grants
                    The number of Rights granted to Executive KMP is determined by dividing the Deferred STI value and LTI grant value by the
                    VWAP of DXS securities ten trading days either side of 1 July 2019, which was $13.4759. The minimum value of the LTI grant is nil if
                    the performance conditions are not met. The maximum value is based on the estimated fair value calculated at the time of the
                    LTI grant and amortised in accordance with the accounting standard requirements.
                    The below details the number of Rights granted to Executive KMP on 1 July 2019 under the Deferred STI and LTI plans.
                    DXS securities relating to Deferred STI and LTI grants are purchased on-market in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 10.15B and are
                    held by the Dexus Performance Rights Plan Trust until required.

                                                       Maximum                                     Number
                                                       award as                                 of security       Fair Value       Maximum
                                                     a % of fixed         Performance                rights      per security     total value       1st vesting     2nd vesting
                    Executive KMP        Plan name remuneration               measure              granted            right $1    of grant $2        date 50%         date 50%

                                      Deferred STI                25%                 Nil             37,103           $13.10         486,049      1 July 2020       1 July 2021
                    Darren J
                                                                                  AFFO               89,047             $11.62       1,034,726
                    Steinberg                     LTI            150%                                                                              1 July 2022       1 July 2023
                                                                                  ROCE               89,047             $11.16         993,765
                                      Deferred STI                25%                 Nil             17,392           $13.10          227,835     1 July 2020       1 July 2021
                    Ross G Du
                                                                                  AFFO              20,870              $11.62         242,509
                    Vernet                        LTI              75%                                                                             1 July 2022       1 July 2023
                                                                                  ROCE              20,870              $11.16         232,909
                                      Deferred STI                25%                 Nil            15,305            $13.10          200,496     1 July 2020       1 July 2021
                    Kevin L
                                                                                  AFFO              20,870              $11.62         242,509
                    George                        LTI              75%                                                                             1 July 2022       1 July 2023
                                                                                  ROCE              20,870              $11.16         232,909
                                      Deferred STI                25%                 Nil            14,794            $13.10           193,801    1 July 2020       1 July 2021
                    Alison C
                                                                                  AFFO               20,870             $11.62         242,509
                    Harrop                        LTI              75%                                                                             1 July 2022       1 July 2023
                                                                                  ROCE               20,870             $11.16         232,909
                                      Deferred STI                25%                 Nil             13,913           $13.10          182,260     1 July 2020       1 July 2021
                    Deborah C
                                                                                  AFFO               18,783             $11.62         218,258
                    Coakley                       LTI              75%                                                                             1 July 2022       1 July 2023
                                                                                  ROCE               18,783             $11.16          209,618

                    1. Value for the Deferred STI reflects the valuation of $13.10. Fair value for the LTI reflects the valuation of Tranche 1 ($11.62) and Tranche 2 ($11.16).
                       Valuations were provided by EY under the Black-Scholes Analytic model.
                    2. The maximum total value of the grant reflects the numbers of rights granted multiplied by the fair value per Security Right.
         82      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         7.3 LTI awards which vested during FY19
         AFFO per security growth and ROCE were established as the performance hurdles in 2016, simplifying the LTI plan and providing
         greater alignment with the business strategy and the metrics that drive long-term company performance. Prior grants had four
         performance hurdles including two relative measures (TSR and ROE). We compared ourselves to companies within the following




For personal use only
         indices:
         –– Relative TSR – S&P/ASX200 A-REIT Index
         –– Relative ROE – Mercer IPD Core Wholesale Property Fund Index
         The second tranche of the 2014 LTI plan and the first tranche of the 2015 LTI plan vested for participating Executive KMP on
         1 July 2018. The vesting outcomes of 95% and 100% respectively was determined by the Board, referencing the previously approved
         performance hurdles.
         Results of each performance condition for the second tranche of the 2014 LTI Plan:

         Performance condition                                Weighting          Hurdle range                      Group result       Vesting outcome

         Funds from Operations growth     1
                                                                     25%         4.0% to 6.0%                              5.7%                   93.1%
         Average Return on Equity    2
                                                                     25%         9.0% to 10.0%                             19.9%                  100%
         Relative Total Security holder Return3                                  Median to 75th
                                                                     25%         percentile                       6th out of 17                   87.5%
         Relative Return on Equity   4
                                                                                 Median to 75th
                                                                     25%         percentile                       2nd out of 16                   100%
                                                                                 Overall Result due to Weighting                                    95%


         Results of each performance condition for the first tranche of the 2015 LTI Plan:

         Performance condition                                Weighting          Hurdle range                      Group result       Vesting outcome

         Funds from Operations growth     5
                                                                     25%         3.0% to 5.0%                              5.8%                   100%
         Average Return on Equity    6
                                                                     25%         9.0% to 10.0%                             19.1%                  100%
         Relative Total Security holder Return7                                  Median to 75th
                                                                     25%         percentile                       5th out of 17                   100%
         Relative Return on Equity  8
                                                                                 Median to 75th
                                                                     25%         percentile                       2nd out of 16                   100%
                                                                                 Overall Result due to Weighting                                  100%

         1. Funds from Operations (FFO) growth hurdle was measured on a linear scale for testing, with a 4.0% Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) set
            as the Target (where 50% would vest) and 6.0% set as the Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s FFO growth result over the
            four-year performance period was 5.7% resulting in partial vesting from this performance condition.
         2. Average Return on Equity (ROE) hurdle was measured on a linear scale for testing, with a 9.0% simple ROE average set as the target (where
            50% would vest) and 10.0% set as the Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s average ROE result was 19.9% over the four-year
            performance period, resulting in full vesting from this performance condition.
         3. Relative Total Security Holder Return (TSR) was measured with reference to the TSR percentile rank of DXS against a comparator group of the
            S&P/ASX 200 A-REIT Index. A median rank was set as the Target (where 50% would vest) and a 75th percentile or better rank was set as the
            Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s relative TSR rank of 6th out of 17 listed A-REIT peers over the four-year performance
            period, resulted in full vesting from this performance condition.
         4. Relative ROE was measured with reference to the average ROE result achieved by DXS against a comparator group comprising the members of
            the Mercer IPD Core Wholesale Property Fund Index. A median rank was set as the Target (where 50% would vest) and a 75th percentile or better
            rank was set as the Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s relative ROE rank of 2nd out of 16 unlisted property peers over the
            four-year performance period, resulting in full vesting from this performance condition.
         5. FFO growth hurdle was measured on a linear scale for testing, with a 3.0% CAGR set as the Target (where 50% would vest) and 5.0% set as the
            Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s FFO growth result over the three-year performance period was 5.8% resulting in full
            vesting from this performance condition.
         6. Average ROE hurdle was measured on a linear scale for testing, with a 9.0% simple ROE average set as the Target (where 50% would vest) and
            10.0% set as the Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s average ROE result was 19.1% over the three-year performance period,
            resulting in full vesting from this performance condition.
         7. Relative TSR was measured with reference to the TSR percentile rank of DXS against a comparator group comprising members of the S&P/
            ASX 200 A-REIT Index. A median rank was set as the target (where 50% would vest) and a 75th percentile or better rank was set as the
            Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest). Dexus’s relative TSR rank of 5th out of 17 listed A-REIT peers over the three-year performance
            period, resulting in full vesting from this performance condition.
         8. Relative ROE was measured with reference to the average ROE result achieved by DXS against a comparator group comprising the members of
            the Mercer IPD Core Wholesale Property Fund Index. A median rank was set as the Target (where 50% would vest) and a 75th percentile or better
            rank was set as the Outperformance hurdle (where 100% would vest), Dexus’s relative ROE rank of 2nd out of 16 unlisted property peers over the
            three-year performance period, resulting in full vesting from this performance condition.
                                                                                                                                   Dexus 2019 Annual Report             83




                    7.4 Actual remuneration based on performance and service through FY19
                    The actual remuneration awarded during the year comprises the following elements:
                    –– Cash salary including any salary sacrifice arrangements




For personal use only
                    –– Superannuation benefits
                    –– Other short-term benefits comprised of the wellbeing allowance and insurance arrangements provided to all employees
                    –– STI cash payment to be made in August 2019 in recognition of performance during FY19 (noting that 25% of the award is
                       deferred and will be reported in future years)
                    –– Deferred STI vested: the value of the deferred STI from prior years that vested on 1 July 2019 (being the number of rights that
                       vested multiplied by the VWAP for the five days prior to the vesting date)
                    –– LTI vested: the value of performance rights that vested on 1 July 2019 (being the number of performance rights that vested
                       multiplied by the VWAP for the five days prior to the vesting date)
                    These values differ from the executive statutory remuneration table which has been prepared in accordance with statutory
                    requirements and accounting standards. The actual LTI awards reflect the significant increase in security price (+81% for the 2015
                    LTI grant, and +46% for the 2016 grant), demonstrating the alignment between Security holder value and rewards.

                                                                            Super-             Other                       Deferred
                                                                         annuation        short-term       STI cash              STI                 LTI
                                                       Cash salary         benefits         benefits      payment           vested               vested             Total
                    Executive                                   ($)             ($)               ($)            ($)             ($)                 ($)              ($)

                    Darren J Steinberg                    1,579,468          20,532            5,075      1,500,000         648,685         2,678,945           6,432,705
                    Ross G Du Vernet                       729,468           20,532             2,181       703,125          271,179             513,105        2,239,590
                    Kevin L George                         729,468           20,532            4,440        618,750         265,024              571,508        2,209,722
                    Alison C Harrop                       704,468            20,532             5,411       598,125         245,878              391,330        1,965,744
                    Deborah C Coakley                      579,468           20,532            2,301       562,500          212,389              359,932         1,737,123


                    7.5 Statutory remuneration
                    The total remuneration paid to Executive KMP for FY19 and FY18 is calculated in accordance with the AASB 124 Related Party
                    Disclosures. Amounts shown under Long-term benefits reflect the accounting expense recorded during the year with respect to
                    prior year deferred remuneration and awards that have or are yet to vest.

                                                                                                                                       Security-based
                                                       Short-term benefits                          Long-term benefits                    benefits

                                                                                Other                       Term-       Long       Deferred
                                              Cash      STI cash    Annual short-term            Super     ination    Service       STI plan        LTI plan
                    Executive                salary       award      Leave   benefits          benefits   benefits     Leave        accrual         accrual         Total
                    KMP           Year           ($)          ($) movement1        ($)              ($)         ($) movement1             ($)             ($)         ($)

                    Darren J      FY19    1,579,468 1,500,000         -18,224         5,075     20,532           –       35,113     522,092       2,472,707      6,146,763
                    Steinberg     FY18     1,579,951 1,380,000        -32,569         4,689     20,049           –       31,995     428,351       1,502,853      4,915,319
                    Ross G Du     FY19     729,468      703,125         6,991          2,181    20,532           –       19,035        241,128      538,160 2,260,620
                    Vernet        FY18      679,951     577,500        -4,275         2,042     20,049           –        13,771       176,723       316,129     1,781,890
                    Kevin L       FY19     729,468      618,750        11,222      4,440        20,532           –       16,344     224,948         553,614      2,179,319
                    George        FY18      679,951     551,250       -19,949      4,054        20,049           –       34,318        173,247      333,083     1,776,003
                    Alison C      FY19     704,468      598,125        13,547         5,411     20,532           –            –        214,195      491,636      2,047,915
                    Harrop        FY18      654,951     531,563       -21,661      5,340        20,049           –            –        155,775      260,401      1,606,418
                    Deborah C FY19         579,468      562,500         17,799        2,301     20,532           –       11,722     190,497        438,630      1,823,449
                    Coakley   FY18          554,951     452,813             –         2,236     20,049           –       25,702        138,291      240,356     1,434,398
                                  FY19 4,322,340 3,982,500             31,334     19,408       102,660           –       82,214    1,422,861 4,494,747 14,458,065
                    Total
                                  FY18 4,149,755       3,493,125      -78,454     18,362       100,244           –     105,786     1,072,387 2,652,823 11,514,028

                    1. The accounting value of leave movements may be negative; for example, where an Executive’s annual leave balance decreases as a result of
                       taking more than the 20 days’ annual leave they accrue during the current year. Long service leave accrues from five years of service and the
                       movement may be high in the first year of accrual.
         84      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         7.6 Changes for FY20
         There are no changes to the remuneration structure or opportunity levels for the CEO in FY20. There are no changes to the
         STI and LTI plans, and levels, for Executive KMP. We review market and peer benchmarking information each year to keep fixed
         and total remuneration levels competitive. As a result of the benchmarking the following increases for Executive KMP will be




For personal use only
         implemented in FY20:
         –– Alison Harrop, CFO; from $725,000 to $750,000
         –– Deborah Coakley, EGM Funds Management; from $600,000 to $675,000



         8. Terms of Executive KMP service agreements
         KMP service agreements detail the individual terms and conditions of employment applying to Executive KMP. The quantum
         and structure of remuneration arrangements are detailed elsewhere in this report, with the termination scenarios and other key
         employment terms detailed below:



                                          CEO                                                 Other Executive KMP

           Employment                     An ongoing Executive Service Agreement              An ongoing Executive Service Agreement or
           agreement                                                                          individual contract


           Resignation by the             Resignation by Mr Steinberg requires a              Resignation by other Executive KMP requires
           Executive                      six-month notice period. The group may              a three-month notice period. The group
                                          choose to place Mr Steinberg on leave or            may choose to place the Executive on leave
                                          make a payment in lieu of notice at the             or make a payment in lieu of notice at the
                                          Board’s discretion.                                 Board’s discretion.
                                          All unvested STI and LTI awards are forfeited.      All unvested STI and LTI awards are forfeited.

                                          In the case of resignation, through mutual agreement, e.g. retirement, the Board has the ability
                                          to treat the Executive KMP as a ‘good leaver’, which may result in the Executive KMP retaining
                                          same or all of the unvested deferred STI or LTI.

           Termination by the             If the group terminates the Executive without cause, the Executive is entitled to a combined
           group without cause            maximum notice and severance payment of 12 months fixed remuneration. The Board may
                                          (in its absolute discretion) also approve a pro-rata STI payment.
                                          Depending on the circumstances, the Board has the ability to treat the Executive as a ‘good
                                          leaver’, which may result in the Executive retaining some or all of the unvested Deferred STI or LTI.

           Termination by the             No notice or severance is payable.
           group with cause

           Other contractual              All KMP service agreements include standard clauses covering intellectual property,
           provisions and                 confidentiality, moral rights and disclosure obligations.
           restrictions
                                                                                                                                  Dexus 2019 Annual Report           85




                    9. Non-Executive Directors’ (NED) remuneration
                    NED fees are reviewed annually by the Committee using information from a variety of sources, including:
                    –– Publicly available remuneration data from ASX listed companies with similar market capitalisation and complexity
                    –– Publicly available remuneration data from ASX 100 A-REITs
                    –– Information supplied by external remuneration advisors, including EY




For personal use only
                    Other than the Chair who receives a single base fee, NEDs receive a base fee plus additional fees for membership of Board
                    Committees. NEDs do not participate in incentive plans or receive any retirement benefits other than statutory superannuation
                    contributions.


                    9.1 Fee structure
                    The Board fee structure (inclusive of statutory superannuation contributions) for FY18 and FY19 is provided below.

                                                                                                                                        Chair                 Member
                    Committee                                                                                      Year                   ($)                     ($)

                                                                                                                   FY19           400,0001                    170,000
                    Directors base fee (DXFM)
                                                                                                                   FY18           400,000    1
                                                                                                                                                              170,000
                                                                                                                   FY19                30,000                  15,000
                    Board Risk Committee
                                                                                                                   FY18                30,000                  15,000
                                                                                                                   FY19                30,000                  15,000
                    Board Audit Committee
                                                                                                                   FY18                30,000                  15,000
                                                                                                                   FY19                15,000                    7,500
                    Board Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                   FY18                15,000                    7,500
                                                                                                                   FY19                30,000                  15,000
                    Board People & Remunerations Committee
                                                                                                                   FY18                30,000                  15,000
                                                                                                                   FY19                  n/a                   30,000
                    DWPL Board
                                                                                                                   FY18                  n/a                   30,000

                    1. The Board Chair receives a single fee for service, including service on Board Committees.

                    Total fees paid to NEDs for the year ended 30 June 2019 remained within the aggregate fee pool of $2,500,000 per annum which
                    was approved by Security holders at the AGM in October 2017.

                    9.2 Security holding requirement
                    In FY19 NEDs were expected to hold a minimum of 16,500 DXS securities. Commencing in FY20, NEDs will be expected to hold the
                    equivalent of 100% of their base fees in DXS Securities, to be acquired over 5 years from appointment date. To further facilitate
                    NEDs’ ability to acquire Dexus equity, we will introduce a fee sacrifice program in FY20.
                    Securities held by NEDs are subject to the group’s security and insider trading policies. No additional remuneration is provided to
                    NEDs to purchase these securities.
                    The relevant interests of each NED in DXS securities are shown in section 9.5.

                    9.3 Security movements
                                                                                                                                                                   FY19
                                                                                                         Number of                        Number of       Requirements
                                                                                                          securities                       securities      for Minimum
                                                                                                             held at                         held at         number of
                    Non-Executive Director                                                               1 July 2018       Movement     30 June 2019          securities
                    KMP                                                                                           ($)            ($)               ($)              ($)

                    W Richard Sheppard                                                                       70,090            1,239             71,329        16,500
                    Penny Bingham-Hall                                                                        16,534           1,239             17,773        16,500
                    John C Conde AO                                                                           16,667           1,239             17,906        16,500
                    Tonianne Dwyer                                                                            16,667             Nil             16,667        16,500
                    Mark H Ford  1
                                                                                                                   1,667         Nil              1,667        16,500
                    Nicola Roxon     2
                                                                                                                      –          Nil                 –         16,500
                    Peter St George                                                                           17,334           1,239             18,573        16,500

                    1. Mark H Ford was appointed in 2017 and has additional time to reach the requirement.
                    2. Nicola Roxon was appointed in 2018 and has additional time to reach the requirement.
         86      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         9.4 Actual remuneration
         This summary of the actual cash and benefits received by each Non-Executive Director for the year ended 30 June 2019 is
         prepared in accordance with AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures.




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Post
                                                                                                        employment
                                                                                                           benefits
                                                                                          Short-term        (super-
         Non-Executive Director                                                             benefits1    annuation)    Other long-       Total
         KMP                                                                     Year             ($)            ($) term benefits         ($)

                                                                                 FY19        379,468          20,532              –   400,000
         W Richard Sheppard
                                                                                 FY18         379,951        20,049               –   400,000
                                                                                 FY19              –               –              –          –
         Elizabeth A Alexander AM2
                                                                                 FY18         173,516         16,484              –   190,000
                                                                                 FY19        204,531          19,304              –    223,835
         Penny Bingham-Hall
                                                                                 FY18        198,396          18,653              –    217,049
                                                                                 FY19        203,196          19,304              –   222,500
         John C Conde AO
                                                                                 FY18        194,635          18,490              –     213,125
                                                                                 FY19        226,182          20,532              –    246,714
         Tonianne Dwyer
                                                                                 FY18        221,097          20,227              –    241,324
                                                                                 FY19        184,287           17,352             –    201,639
         Mark H Ford
                                                                                 FY18         184,610          17,352             –    201,962
                                                                                 FY19         183,513          17,352             –   200,865
         Nicola Roxon
                                                                                 FY18        143,706          13,592              –     157,298
                                                                                 FY19        196,347          18,653              –    215,000
         Peter St George
                                                                                 FY18        196,347          18,653              –    215,000
                                                                                 FY19       1,577,524        133,029              –   1,710,553
         Total
                                                                                 FY18       1,692,258        143,500              –   1,835,758

         1. Includes Director fees and insurance contributions.
         2. In FY18, Elizabeth A Alexander AM ceased being a NED for Dexus Group but continues to be independent Chair of DWPF.

         9.5 Changes for FY20
         For FY20 increases will be made to the Board Chair fees, member base fees and committee fees. These increases bring Dexus
         closer to the market median based on A-REIT and relevant ASX-listed comparator companies. In particular, the Chair fee was
         shown to be well below market median. NED base fees were last increased in 2016. NED Committee fees were last increased in
         2013. The NED fee pool remains unchanged.
         The following increase of fees for Non-Executive Directors based on Board and Committee role effective 1 July 2019:
         –– Board Chair fees increase from $400,000 to $450,000
         –– NED base fees increase from $170,000 to $175,000
         –– Committee Chair fees increase from $30,000 to $35,000
         –– DWPL Board fees increase from $30,000 to $35,000
         –– Committee Member fees increase from $15,000 to $17,500 (except the Nomination Committee which did not increase).
                                                                                                                                     Dexus 2019 Annual Report          87




                    10. Additional disclosures
                    10.1 Performance of LTI awards vesting in FY20 after the reporting period
                    On 1 July 2019, the second tranche of the 2015 LTI plan and the first tranche in the 2016 LTI plan vested for participating Executive KMP.
                    The vesting outcome was determined by the Board, referencing the previously approved performance hurdles set and




For personal use only
                    communicated to participants upon the original Grant Dates of 1 July 2015 and 1 July 2016 respectively.
                    Results of each performance condition within tranche 2 of the 2015 LTI plan:

                    Performance condition                                 Weighting           Hurdle range                        Group result          Vesting outcome

                    Funds from Operations growth                                 25%          3.0% to 5.0%                                 5.7%                   100%
                    Average Return on Equity                                     25%          9.0% to 10.0%                                17.1%                  100%
                    Relative Total Security Holder Return                                     Median to 75th
                                                                                 25%          percentile                              3rd of 16                   100%
                    Relative Return on Equity                                                 Median to 75th
                                                                                 25%          percentile                             2nd of 16                    100%
                                                                                              Overall Result due to Weighting             100%


                    Results of each performance condition within tranche 1 of the 2016 LTI plan:

                    Performance condition                                 Weighting           Hurdle range                        Group result          Vesting outcome

                    Adjusted Funds from Operations per
                    security growth                                              50%          3.5% to 4.5%                                 5.6%                   100%
                    Average Return on Contributed Equity                         50%          7.5% to 8.0%                                 8.5%                   100%
                                                                                              Overall Result due to Weighting             100%

                    Further details and quantification in dollars of these vesting tranches will be provided in the FY20 Remuneration Report.


                    10.2 Deferred STI and LTI awards which vested during FY19
                    The summary below outlines the number of Rights which vested under the Deferred STI and LTI plans during FY19. The vesting date
                    for all Rights was 1 July 2018. No rights lapsed during FY19.

                                                                                                                                             Number of Market value
                                                                                                                                           rights which  at vesting1
                    Executive KMP                                                     Plan name          Grant date             Tranche          vested          ($)

                                                                                                          1/07/2016                  2             21,342       285,649
                                                                                       Deferred STI
                                                                                                          1/07/2017                   1            23,656        316,619
                    Darren J Steinberg
                                                                                                          1/07/2014                  2              97,957     1,311,084
                                                                                       LTI
                                                                                                          1/07/2015                   1            101,689     1,361,043
                                                                                                          1/07/2016                  2              8,087       108,238
                                                                                       Deferred STI
                                                                                                          1/07/2017                   1              9,879      132,220
                    Ross G Du Vernet
                                                                                                          1/07/2014                  2              17,492      234,122
                                                                                       LTI
                                                                                                          1/07/2015                   1            18,643       249,525
                                                                                                          1/07/2016                  2               8,148      109,051
                                                                                       Deferred STI
                                                                                                          1/07/2017                   1              9,879      132,220
                    Kevin L George
                                                                                                          1/07/2014                  2             21,865       292,653
                                                                                       LTI
                                                                                                          1/07/2015                   1             21,694     290,356
                                                                                                          1/07/2016                  2               5,721       76,574
                                                                                       Deferred STI
                    Alison C Harrop2                                                                      1/07/2017                   1             8,820       118,056
                                                                                       LTI                1/07/2015                   1             11,186       149,715
                                                                                                          1/07/2016                  2              6,290        84,185
                                                                                       Deferred STI
                                                                                                          1/07/2017                   1              7,728      103,436
                    Deborah Coakley
                                                                                                          1/07/2014                  2              8,396        112,379
                                                                                       LTI
                                                                                                          1/07/2015                   1             9,660       129,299

                    1. Market value at vesting is the VWAP of DXS securities for the five-day period before the vesting date.
                    2. Alison Harrop was not employed at the time of the 2014 LTI grant.
         88      Directors’ Report / Remuneration Report




         10.3 KMP unvested security rights outstanding
         The table below shows the number of unvested Rights held by Executive KMP as at 30 June 2019 under the Deferred STI and
         LTI plans. The STI and LTI awards in respect of which the elements below are deferred elements were disclosed in prior year
         remuneration reports.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                             rights which
         Executive KMP                                            Plan name        Grant date   Vesting date      Tranche          vested

                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2019              2        22,556
                                                                  Deferred STI      1/07/2018     1/07/2019              1        23,285
                                                                                    1/07/2018    1/07/2020               2        23,285
                                                                                    1/07/2015     1/07/2019              2        101,689
                                                                                    1/07/2016     1/07/2019              1        98,466
         Darren J Steinberg
                                                                                    1/07/2016    1/07/2020               2        98,466
                                                                  LTI               1/07/2017    1/07/2020               1        98,426
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2021              2        98,426
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2021              1        121,487
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2022              2        121,487
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2019              2             9,420
                                                                  Deferred STI      1/07/2018     1/07/2019              1             9,744
                                                                                    1/07/2018    1/07/2020               2             9,744
                                                                                    1/07/2015     1/07/2019              2         18,643
                                                                                    1/07/2016     1/07/2019              1         19,693
         Ross G Du Vernet
                                                                                    1/07/2016    1/07/2020               2         19,693
                                                                  LTI               1/07/2017    1/07/2020               1         21,531
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2021              2         21,531
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2021              1        28,474
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2022              2        28,474
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2019              2             9,420
                                                                  Deferred STI      1/07/2018     1/07/2019              1             9,301
                                                                                    1/07/2018    1/07/2020               2             9,301
                                                                                    1/07/2015     1/07/2019              2         21,694
                                                                                    1/07/2016     1/07/2019              1        21,006
         Kevin L George
                                                                                    1/07/2016     1/07/2020              2        21,006
                                                                  LTI               1/07/2017     1/07/2020              1         21,531
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2021              2         21,531
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2021              1        28,474
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2022              2        28,474
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2019              2             8,410
                                                                  Deferred STI      1/07/2018     1/07/2019              1             8,969
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2020              2             8,969
                                                                                    1/07/2015     1/07/2019              2             11,186
                                                                                    1/07/2016     1/07/2019              1         18,052
         Alison C Harrop
                                                                                    1/07/2016     1/07/2020              2         18,052
                                                                  LTI               1/07/2017     1/07/2020              1         19,224
                                                                                    1/07/2017     1/07/2021              2         19,224
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2021              1         27,524
                                                                                    1/07/2018     1/07/2022              2         27,524
                                                                                                                                       Dexus 2019 Annual Report            89




                                                                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                                                                            rights which
                    Executive KMP                                                       Plan name            Grant date   Vesting date          Tranche           vested

                                                                                                             1/07/2017       1/07/2019                  2           7,369




For personal use only
                                                                                        Deferred STI         1/07/2018       1/07/2019                  1           7,640
                                                                                                             1/07/2018      1/07/2020                   2           7,640
                                                                                                             1/07/2015       1/07/2019                  2           9,660
                                                                                                             1/07/2016       1/07/2019                  1           17,232
                    Deborah Coakley
                                                                                                             1/07/2016      1/07/2020                   2           17,232
                                                                                        LTI                  1/07/2017      1/07/2020                   1           17,686
                                                                                                             1/07/2017       1/07/2021                  2           17,686
                                                                                                             1/07/2018       1/07/2021                  1          22,779
                                                                                                             1/07/2018      1/07/2022                   2          22,779


                    10.4 Equity Investments
                                         Held at 1 July 2018                        Net Change                   Held as at 30 June 2019            Market        Minimum
                                                                                                                                                value as at        security
                                                                                                                                                   30 June         holding
                                                Deferred       Total                 Deferred       Total                 Deferred        Total       20192      guideline3
                                   Securities         STI   Balance1 Securities            STI   Balance1 Securities            STI    Balance1
                                                                                                                                                          $               $

                    Darren J
                    Steinberg       454,836      64,600     519,436       45,164        4,526      49,690     500,000        69,126      569,126    7,617,363 2,400,000

                    Ross G
                    Du Vernet         101,266     26,224    127,490         1,239       2,684        3,923     102,505      28,908       131,413    1,758,873     562,500

                    Kevin L
                    George             63,113     26,279     89,392             0        1,743       1,743       63,113     28,022        91,135    1,219,780     562,500

                    Alison C
                    Harrop                  0    22,045      22,045        5,836        4,303       10,139       5,836      26,348       32,184       430,761     543,750

                    Deborah C
                    Coakley                 0    20,482      20,482       23,627         2,167      25,794       23,627     22,649       46,276       619,373     450,000

                    1. The following securities are included in the balance for the purpose of the guideline (1) Any DXS securities that the Executive or their related
                       person or entity hold (e.g. Family Trust), (2) Securities that the Executive acquires on vesting of awards granted under Dexus’s equity incentive
                       plans; and (3) Unvested equity granted that the Executive holds under Dexus’s equity incentive plans which are not subject to performance
                       hurdles (e.g. deferred short-term incentives).
                    2. Market value as at 30 June 2019 is the VWAP of DXS securities for the five-day period up to and including 30 June 2019 ($13.38).
                    3. A minimum security holding guideline was introduced on 1 July 2018, with all Executive KMP targeting to attain the minimum security holding
                       by 1 July 2023. The value is calculated by reference to the 12-month average fixed remuneration for the relevant financial year. For existing
                       Executive KMP as at 1 July 2018, the guide is based on fixed remuneration as at 1 July 2018.

                    10.5 Other Transactions
                    There were no transactions involving an equity instrument (other than share based payment compensation) to KMP or
                    related parties.

                    10.6 Loans
                    No loans were provided to KMP or related parties.
         90        Directors’ Report




         Directors’
         Report




For personal use only
         The Directors of Dexus Funds Management Limited (DXFM) as Responsible Entity of Dexus Diversified Trust (DDF or the Trust)
         present their Directors’ Report together with the consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2019. The
         consolidated Financial Statements represents DDF and its consolidated entities, Dexus (DXS or the Group).
         The Trust together with Dexus Industrial Trust (DIT), Dexus Office Trust (DOT) and Dexus Operations Trust (DXO) form the Dexus
         stapled security.


         Directors and Secretaries
         Directors
         The following persons were Directors of DXFM at all times during the year and to the date of this Directors’ Report, unless
         otherwise stated:

          Directors                                                                                                               Appointed
         W Richard Sheppard, BEc (Hons), FAICD                                                                                1 January 2012
         Penny Bingham-Hall, BA (Industrial Design), FAICD, SF (Fin)                                                            10 June 2014
         John C Conde, AO, BSc, BE (Hons), MBA, FAICD                                                                           29 April 2009
         Tonianne Dwyer, BJuris (Hons), LLB (Hons)                                                                            24 August 2011
         Mark Ford, Dip. Tech (Commerce), CA, FAICD                                                                         1 November 2016
         The Hon. Nicola L Roxon, BA/LLB (Hons), GAICD                                                                     1 September 2017
         Darren J Steinberg, BEc, FRICS, FAPI, FAICD                                                                            1 March 2012
         Peter B St George, CA(SA), MBA                                                                                         29 April 2009


         Company Secretaries
         The names and details of the Company Secretaries of DXFM as at 30 June 2019 are as follows:

         Brett D Cameron LLB/BA (Science and Technology), GAICD, FGIA
         Appointed: 31 October 2014
         Brett is the General Counsel and a Company Secretary of Dexus companies and is responsible for the legal function, company
         secretarial services and compliance, risk and governance systems and practices across the Group.
         Prior to joining Dexus, Brett was Head of Legal for Macquarie Real Estate (Asia) and has held senior legal positions at Macquarie
         Capital Funds in Hong Kong and Minter Ellison in Sydney and Hong Kong. Brett has 22 years’ experience as in-house counsel
         and in private practice in Australia and in Asia, where he worked on real estate structuring and operations, funds management,
         mergers and acquisitions, private equity and corporate finance across a number of industries.
         Brett graduated from The University of New South Wales and holds a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor of Arts (Science and
         Technology) and is a member of the Law Societies of New South Wales and Hong Kong. Brett is also a graduate of the Australian
         Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia.

         Scott Mahony BBus (Acc), Grad Dip (Business Administration), MBA (eCommerce), Grad Dip (Applied Corporate
         Governance) FGIA, FCIS
         Appointed: 5 February 2019
         Scott is the Head of Governance of Dexus and is responsible for the development, implementation and oversight of Dexus’s
         governance policies and practices. Prior to being appointed the Head of Governance in 2018, Scott had oversight of Dexus’s
         risk and compliance programs.
         Scott joined Dexus in October 2005 after two years with Commonwealth Bank of Australia as a Senior Compliance Manager.
         Prior to this, Scott worked for over 11 years for Assure Services & Technology (part of AXA Asia Pacific) where he held various
         management roles.
                                                                                                                                    Dexus 2019 Annual Report         91




                    Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and Board Committee Meetings
                    The number of Directors’ meetings held during the year and each Director’s attendance at those meetings is set out in the table




For personal use only
                    below. The Directors met 12 times during the year. Ten board meetings were main meetings and two meetings were held to
                    consider specific business.

                                                                              Main meetings               Main meetings     Specific meetings      Specific meetings
                                                                                       held                    attended                  held               attended
                    W Richard Sheppard                                                      10                       10                      2                      2
                    Penny Bingham-Hall                                                      10                       10                      2                      2
                    John C Conde, AO                                                        10                       10                      2                      2
                    Tonianne Dwyer                                                          10                       10                      2                      2
                    Mark Ford                                                               10                       10                      2                      2
                    The Hon. Nicola L Roxon                                                 10                       10                      2                      2
                    Darren J Steinberg                                                      10                       10                      2                      2
                    Peter B St George                                                       10                       10                      2                      2

                    Special meetings are held at a time to enable the maximum number of Directors to attend and are generally held to consider
                    specific items that cannot be held over to the next scheduled main meeting.
                    The table below shows Non-Executive Directors’ attendances at Board Committee meetings of which they were a member
                    during the year ended 30 June 2019.

                                                                                                                                                   Board People
                                                                 Board Audit                  Board Risk              Board Nomination           and Remuneration
                                                                 Committee                    Committee                  Committee                  Committee

                                                                 Held     Attended           Held     Attended            Held   Attended          Held    Attended
                    W Richard Sheppard                              –              –             –              –            3           3            6             6
                    Penny Bingham-Hall                              –              –             4              4            3           3            6             6
                    John C Conde, AO                                4              4             –              –            3           3            –             –
                    Tonianne Dwyer                                  4              4             4              4           –            –            –             –
                    Mark Ford                                       4              4             4              4           –            –            –             –
                    The Hon. Nicola L Roxon                         –              –             4              4           –            –            6             6
                    Peter B St George                               4              4             4              4           –            –            –             –

                    John Conde and Tonianne Dwyer were also Directors of Dexus Wholesale Property Limited (DWPL) and attended DWPL Board
                    meetings during the year ended 30 June 2019.


                    Directors’ relevant interests
                    The relevant interests of each Director in DXS stapled securities as at the date of this Directors’ Report are shown below:

                        Directors                                                                                                                    No. of securities
                    W Richard Sheppard                                                                                                                         71,329
                    Penny Bingham-Hall                                                                                                                          17,773
                    John C Conde, AO                                                                                                                           17,906
                    Tonianne Dwyer                                                                                                                             16,667
                    Mark Ford                                                                                                                                    1,667
                    The Hon. Nicola L Roxon                                                                                                                        Nil
                    Darren J Steinberg   1
                                                                                                                                                            1,307,574
                    Peter B St George                                                                                                                          18,573

                    1. Includes interests held directly and through performance rights (refer note 21).
         92        Directors’ Report




         Directors’ Report
         continued

         Operating and financial review
         Information on the operations and financial position of the Group and its business strategies and prospects is set out in on




For personal use only
         pages 28-37 of the Annual Report and forms part of this Directors’ Report.


         Remuneration Report
         The Remuneration Report is set out on pages 68-89 of the Annual Report and forms part of this Directors’ Report.


         Directors’ directorships in other listed entities
         The following table sets out directorships of other ASX listed entities (unless otherwise stated), not including DXFM, held by the
         Directors at any time in the three years immediately prior to the end of the year, and the period for which each directorship
         was held.

          Director                                        Company                                                     Date Appointed
         W Richard Sheppard                               Star Entertainment Group                                    21 November 2012
         Penny Bingham-Hall                               BlueScope Steel Limited                                     29 March 2011
                                                          Fortescue Metals Group Ltd                                  16 November 2016
         John C Conde, AO                                 Whitehaven Coal Limited                                     3 May 2007
                                                          Cooper Energy Limited                                       25 February 2013
         Tonianne Dwyer                                   Metcash Limited                                             24 June 2014
                                                          ALS Limited                                                  1 July 2016
                                                          Oz Minerals Limited                                         21 March 2017
         The Hon. Nicola L Roxon                          Lifestyle Communities Limited                               1 September 2017
         Peter B St George                                First Quantum Minerals Limited 1                            20 October 2003
         Mark Ford                                        Kiwi Property Group Limited   2
                                                                                                                      16 May 2011
         Darren J Steinberg                               VGI Partners Limited                                        12 May 2019

         1. Listed for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange in Canada.
         2. Listed for trading on the New Zealand Stock Exchange.


         Principal activities                                                     Significant changes in the state of affairs
         During the year the principal activity of the Group was to               The Directors are not aware of any matter or circumstance not
         own, manage and develop high quality real estate assets and              otherwise dealt with in this Directors’ Report or the Financial
         manage real estate funds on behalf of third party investors.             Statements that has significantly or may significantly affect the
         There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s           operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the
         activities during the year.                                              state of the Group’s affairs in future financial years.


         Total value of Trust assets                                              Matters subsequent to the end of the
         The total value of the assets of the Group as at 30 June 2019            financial year
         was $16,521.3 million (2018: $14,017.3 million). Details of the basis
                                                                                  Since the end of the financial year the Directors are not aware
         of this valuation are outlined in the Notes to the Financial
                                                                                  of any matter or circumstance not otherwise dealt with in
         Statements and form part of this Directors’ Report.
                                                                                  this Directors’ Report or the Financial Statements that has
                                                                                  significantly or may significantly affect the operations of the
         Likely developments and expected                                         Group, the results of those operations, or the state of the
                                                                                  Group’s affairs in future financial years.
         results of operations
         In the opinion of the Directors, disclosure of any further
         information regarding business strategies and future                     Distributions
         developments or results of the Group, other than the                     Distributions paid or payable by the Group for the
         information already outlined in this Directors’ Report or the            year ended 30 June 2019 were 50.2 cents per security
         Financial Statements accompanying this Directors’ Report                 (2018: 47.8 cents per security) as outlined in note 7
         would be unreasonably prejudicial to the Group.                          of the Notes to the Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                          Dexus 2019 Annual Report    93




                    DXFM fees                                                            Non-audit services
                    Details of fees paid or payable by the Group to DXFM are             The Group may decide to employ the Auditor on assignments,




For personal use only
                    eliminated on consolidation for the year ended 30 June 2019.         in addition to its statutory audit duties, where the Auditor’s
                    Details are outlined in note 22 of the Notes to the Financial        expertise and experience with the Group are important.
                    Statements and form part of this Directors’ Report.                  Details of the amounts paid or payable to the Auditor for audit
                                                                                         and non-audit services provided during the year are set out in
                    Interests in DXS securities                                          note 19 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.
                    The movement in securities on issue in the Group during the          The Board Audit Committee is satisfied that the provision of
                    year and the number of securities on issue as at 30 June 2019        non-audit services provided during the year by the Auditor (or
                    are detailed in note 15 of the Notes to the Financial Statements     by another person or firm on the Auditor’s behalf) is compatible
                    and form part of this Directors’ Report.                             with the standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
                    Details of the number of interests in the Group held by DXFM or      Corporations Act 2001.
                    its associates as at the end of the financial year are outlined in   The reasons for the Directors being satisfied are:
                    note 22 of the Notes to the Financial Statements and form part
                                                                                         –– All non-audit services have been reviewed by the Board
                    of this Directors’ Report.
                                                                                            Audit Committee to ensure that they do not impact the
                    The DXFM Board has approved a grant of performance rights               impartiality and objectivity of the auditor
                    of DXS stapled securities to eligible participants. Details of       –– None of the services undermine the general principles
                    the performance rights awarded during the financial year are            relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110
                    detailed in note 21. The Group did not have any options on              Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants.
                    issue as at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil).
                                                                                         The above Directors’ statements are in accordance with the
                                                                                         advice received from the Board Audit Committee.
                    Environmental regulation
                    The Board Risk Committee oversees the policies, procedures           Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                    and systems that have been implemented to ensure the                 A copy of the Auditor’s Independence Declaration as required
                    adequacy of its environmental risk management practices. It          under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
                    is the opinion of this Committee that adequate systems are in        page 94 and forms part of this Directors’ Report.
                    place for the management of its environmental responsibilities
                    and compliance with its various licence requirements and
                    regulations. Further, the Committee is not aware of any material     Corporate governance
                    breaches of these requirements.                                      DXFM’s Corporate Governance Statement is available at:
                                                                                         www.dexus.com/corporategovernance
                    Indemnification and insurance
                    The insurance premium for a policy of insurance indemnifying         Rounding of amounts and currency
                    Directors, officers and others (as defined in the relevant policy    As the Group is an entity of the kind referred to in ASIC
                    of insurance) is paid by Dexus Holdings Pty Limited (DXH).           Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                                                                                         Instrument 2016/191, the Directors have chosen to round
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC or the Auditor), is indemnified
                                                                                         amounts in this Directors’ Report and the accompanying
                    out of the assets of the Group pursuant to the Dexus Specific
                                                                                         Financial Report to the nearest tenth of a million dollars,
                    Terms of Business agreed for all engagements with PwC, to
                                                                                         unless otherwise indicated. The Group is an entity to which
                    the extent that the Group inappropriately uses or discloses a
                                                                                         the Instrument applies. All figures in this Directors’ Report
                    report prepared by PwC. The Auditor, PwC, is not indemnified
                                                                                         and the Financial Statements, except where otherwise stated,
                    for the provision of services where such an indemnification is
                                                                                         are expressed in Australian dollars.
                    prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001.


                    Audit                                                                Directors’ authorisation
                                                                                         The Directors’ Report is made in accordance with a resolution
                    Auditor                                                              of the Directors. The Financial Statements were authorised for
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with        issue by the Directors on 13 August 2019.
                    section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.




                                                                                         W Richard Sheppard            Darren J Steinberg
                                                                                         Chair                         Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                         13 August 2019                13 August 2019
         94        Auditor’s Independence Declaration




         Auditor’s Independence
         Declaration




For personal use only
                                                                                             Dexus 2019 Annual Report   95




                    Financial Report
                    30 June 2019




For personal use only
                        Contents
                    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                      96
                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                        97
                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                         98
                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                99
                    Notes to the Financial Statements                                  100
                    Group performance
                    Note 1         Operating segments                                  103
                    Note 2         Property revenue and expenses                       109
                    Note 3         Management operations, corporate and                109
                                   administration expenses
                    Note 4         Finance costs                                       110
                    Note 5         Taxation                                            110
                    Note 6         Earnings per unit                                   112
                    Note 7         Distributions paid and payable                      113
                    Property portfolio assets
                    Note 8         Investment properties                               114
                    Note 9         Investments accounted for using the equity method   117
                    Note 10        Inventories                                         120
                    Note 11        Non-current assets classified as held for sale      121
                    Capital and financial risk management and working capital
                    Note 12        Capital and financial risk management               122
                    Note 13        Interest bearing liabilities                        131
                    Note 14        Commitments and contingencies                       133
                    Note 15        Contributed equity                                  134
                    Note 16        Reserves                                            135
                    Note 17        Working capital                                     136
                    Other disclosures
                    Note 18        Intangible assets                                   138
                    Note 19        Audit, taxation and transaction service fees        139
                    Note 20        Cash flow information                               140
                    Note 21        Security-based payment                              141
                    Note 22        Related parties                                     143
                    Note 23        Parent entity disclosures                           144
                    Note 24        Changes in accounting policies                      145
                    Note 25        Subsequent events                                   148
                    Director’s Declaration                                             149
                    Independent Auditor’s Report                                       150
         96        Financial Report




         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
         For the year ended 30 June 2019

                                                                                                                 2019          2018
                                                                                                       Note       $m            $m




For personal use only
         Revenue from ordinary activities
         Property revenue                                                                                 2     547.4          577.2
         Development revenue                                                                             10      96.9           133.1
         Interest revenue                                                                                          1.0           0.7
         Management fees and other revenue                                                                      149.8          129.6
         Total revenue from ordinary activities                                                                  795.1      840.6
         Net fair value gain of investment properties                                                           455.4       854.2
         Share of net profit of investments accounted for using the equity method                         9     535.6       535.8
         Net gain on sale of investment properties                                                                 0.4            1.7
         Net fair value gain of foreign currency interest bearing liabilities                                        –          85.8
         Net fair value gain of derivatives                                                                      146.1             –
         Other income                                                                                              0.1           0.5
         Total income                                                                                          1,932.7     2,318.6
         Expenses
         Property expenses                                                                                2     (157.6)        (155.9)
         Development costs                                                                               10      (47.4)        (80.8)
         Finance costs                                                                                    4     (151.9)     (128.5)
         Impairment of inventories                                                                                   –           (0.6)
         Net fair value loss of derivatives                                                                          –          (79.9)
         Net loss on sale of investment properties                                                                   –           (0.3)
         Net fair value loss of foreign currency interest bearing liabilities                                   (127.8)            –
         Transaction costs                                                                                         (3.1)          (1.1)
         Management operations, corporate and administration expenses                                     3      (121.1)    (106.3)
         Total expenses                                                                                        (608.9)     (553.4)
         Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                              1,323.8     1,765.2
         Income tax expense                                                                             5(a)    (42.8)         (36.3)
         Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                            1,281.0     1,728.9
         Other comprehensive income/(loss):
         Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
         Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                   16        0.4          (19.4)
         Changes in the foreign currency basis spread reserve                                            16       (4.6)            –
         Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                        1,276.8     1,709.5
         Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
         Unitholders of the parent entity                                                                        315.7      468.8
         Unitholders of other stapled entities (non-controlling interests)                                      965.3      1,260.1
         Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                            1,281.0     1,728.9
         Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
         Unitholders of the parent entity                                                                        311.5      449.4
         Unitholders of other stapled entities (non-controlling interests)                                      965.3      1,260.1
         Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                        1,276.8     1,709.5
                                                                                                               Cents       Cents
         Earnings per unit on profit/(loss) attributable to unitholders of the Trust (parent entity)
         Basic earnings per unit                                                                          6     30.69       46.08
         Diluted earnings per unit                                                                        6     30.45       46.08
         Earnings per stapled security on profit/(loss) attributable to stapled security holders
         Basic earnings per security                                                                      6    124.54      169.95
         Diluted earnings per security                                                                    6    122.36      169.95

         The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                   Dexus 2019 Annual Report       97




                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                    As at 30 June 2019

                                                                                                                              2019            2018
                                                                                                               Note            $m              $m




For personal use only
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   17(a)         29.8            33.3
                    Receivables                                                                                 17(b)         147.5           63.4
                    Non-current assets classified as held for sale                                                11             –             2.0
                    Inventories                                                                                   10         170.4            37.6
                    Derivative financial instruments                                                            12(c)         15.5            24.1
                    Other                                                                                       17(c)          17.1           27.8
                    Total current assets                                                                                     380.3         188.2
                    Non-current assets
                    Investment properties                                                                          8       8,170.0      8,242.6
                    Plant and equipment                                                                                       15.0            16.0
                    Inventories                                                                                   10         287.3         507.1
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method                                              9       6,823.7      4,432.9
                    Derivative financial instruments                                                            12(c)         517.1       310.8
                    Intangible assets                                                                             18         322.1         314.6
                    Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                3.9             2.8
                    Other                                                                                                       1.9            2.3
                    Total non-current assets                                                                               16,141.0     13,829.1
                    Total assets                                                                                           16,521.3     14,017.3
                    Current liabilities
                    Payables                                                                                    17(d)        188.8         149.7
                    Interest bearing liabilities                                                                  13          70.0         205.1
                    Derivative financial instruments                                                            12(c)          17.9            6.7
                    Current tax liabilities                                                                                    21.5            5.2
                    Provisions                                                                                  17(e)        284.2         271.7
                    Total current liabilities                                                                                582.4        638.4
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Interest bearing liabilities                                                                  13       3,996.6       3,154.5
                    Derivative financial instruments                                                            12(c)        105.6            78.6
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     5(d)         89.4            93.7
                    Provisions                                                                                                  1.9            2.0
                    Other                                                                                                       2.1            2.7
                    Total non-current liabilities                                                                          4,195.6       3,331.5
                    Total liabilities                                                                                      4,778.0       3,969.9
                    Net assets                                                                                             11,743.3     10,047.4
                    Equity
                    Equity attributable to unitholders of the Trust (parent entity)
                    Contributed equity                                                                            15       2,399.0       2,127.3
                    Reserves                                                                                      16           13.2           (12.5)
                    Retained profits                                                                                         923.4        788.5
                    Parent entity unitholders' interest                                                                    3,335.6      2,903.3
                    Equity attributable to unitholders of other stapled entities
                    Contributed equity                                                                            15       4,954.5       4,277.0
                    Reserves                                                                                      16          40.5            39.7
                    Retained profits                                                                                        3,412.7      2,827.4
                    Other stapled unitholders' interest                                                                    8,407.7        7,144.1
                    Total equity                                                                                           11,743.3     10,047.4

                    The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
         98        Financial Report




         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
         For the year ended 30 June 2019

                                                     Attributable to unitholders of the Trust                  Attributable to unitholders of
                                                                 (parent entity)                                   other stapled entities




For personal use only
                                                     Contri-                                       Contri-
                                                      buted           Retained                      buted           Retained                         Total
                                                      equity Reserves   profits          Total      equity Reserves   profits            Total      equity
                                              Note       $m       $m        $m             $m          $m       $m        $m               $m          $m
         Opening balance as at
         1 July 2017                                  2,126.7       6.9      427.2     2,560.8     4,275.7         41.8     1,946.2    6,263.7      8,824.5
         Net profit/(loss) for the year                    –          –     468.8       468.8            –            –     1,260.1    1,260.1       1,728.9
         Other comprehensive
         income/(loss) for the year                        –       (19.4)        –        (19.4)         –            –          –           –         (19.4)
         Total comprehensive income
         for the year                                      –       (19.4)   468.8       449.4            –            –     1,260.1    1,260.1      1,709.5
         Transactions with owners in
         their capacity as owners
         Issue of additional equity,
         net of transaction costs               15         1.1        –          –          1.1        2.7            –          –         2.7          3.8
         Buy-back of contributed equity,
         net of transaction cost                15       (0.5)        –          –        (0.5)        (1.4)          –          –         (1.4)        (1.9)
         Purchase of securities, net of
         transaction costs                                 –          –          –           –           –          (7.1)        –         (7.1)         (7.1)
         Security-based payments
         expense                                           –          –          –           –           –          5.0          –         5.0          5.0
         Distributions paid or provided for     7          –          –      (107.5)    (107.5)          –            –      (378.9)    (378.9)      (486.4)
         Total transactions with owners
         in their capacity as owners                     0.6          –      (107.5)    (106.9)        1.3          (2.1)    (378.9)    (379.7)      (486.6)
         Closing balance as per
         30 June 2018                                 2,127.3      (12.5)    788.5     2,903.3     4,277.0         39.7     2,827.4     7,144.1    10,047.4
         Opening balance as at
         1 July 2018                                  2,127.3     (12.5)    788.5      2,903.3     4,277.0         39.7     2,827.4    7,144.1     10,047.4
         Change in accounting policy                       –       29.9      (31.4)        (1.5)         –            –        (0.4)      (0.4)         (1.9)
         Restated opening balance
         as at 1 July 2018                            2,127.3      17.4      757.1     2,901.8     4,277.0         39.7     2,827.0    7,143.7     10,045.5
         Net profit/(loss) for the year                    –          –      315.7       315.7           –            –      965.3      965.3       1,281.0
         Other comprehensive
         income/(loss) for the year                        –       (4.2)         –        (4.2)          –            –          –           –         (4.2)
         Total comprehensive income
         for the year                                      –       (4.2)     315.7       311.5           –            –      965.3      965.3       1,276.8
         Transactions with owners in
         their capacity as owners
         Issue of additional equity,
         net of transaction costs               15     271.7          –          –       271.7       677.5            –          –       677.5        949.2
         Purchase of securities, net of
         transaction costs                                 –          –          –           –           –         (7.6)         –        (7.6)         (7.6)
         Security-based payments
         expense                                           –          –          –           –           –         8.4           –         8.4          8.4
         Distributions paid or provided for     7          –          –     (149.4)     (149.4)          –            –      (379.6)    (379.6)      (529.0)
         Total transactions with owners
         in their capacity as owners                   271.7          –     (149.4)      122.3       677.5         0.8       (379.6)    298.7         421.0
         Closing balance as at
         30 June 2019                                2,399.0       13.2     923.4      3,335.6     4,954.5        40.5      3,412.7    8,407.7     11,743.3

         The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                Dexus 2019 Annual Report      99




                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019

                                                                                                                            2019           2018
                                                                                                             Note            $m             $m




For personal use only
                    Cash flows from operating activities
                    Receipts in the course of operations (inclusive of GST)                                                713.5       809.0
                    Payments in the course of operations (inclusive of GST)                                               (290.2)      (351.7)
                    Interest received                                                                                           1.0         0.7
                    Finance costs paid to financial institutions                                                           (149.1)     (137.5)
                    Distributions received from investments accounted for using the equity method                          214.8       323.6
                    Income and withholding taxes paid                                                                      (30.8)       (44.0)
                    Proceeds from sale of property classified as inventory                                                  88.3           147.9
                    Payments for property classified as inventory and development services                                 (54.4)      (138.3)
                    Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities                                        20          493.1       609.7
                    Cash flows from investing activities
                    Proceeds from sale of investment properties                                                            625.8        347.3
                    Proceeds from sale of investments accounted for using the equity method                                      –         30.2
                    Payments for capital expenditure on investment properties                                              (261.2)     (192.8)
                    Proceeds from sale of underlying investments                                                            27.4              –
                    Payments for investments accounted for using the equity method                                       (1,447.4)     (429.3)
                    Payments for acquisition of investment properties                                                      (359.1)     (369.3)
                    Payments for plant and equipment                                                                         (0.8)          (3.1)
                    Payments for intangibles                                                                                 (6.0)         (11.0)
                    Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities                                                  (1,421.3)     (628.0)
                    Cash flows from financing activities
                    Proceeds from borrowings                                                                             4,914.0      2,599.0
                    Repayment of borrowings                                                                             (4,407.3)     (1,931.6)
                    Repayment of loan with related party                                                                         –     (149.0)
                    Payments for buy-back of contributed equity                                                                  –          (1.9)
                    Proceeds from issue of additional equity, net of transaction costs                                     949.2            3.8
                    Purchase of securities for security-based payments plans                                                 (9.2)          (7.1)
                    Distributions paid to security holders                                                                (522.0)      (482.8)
                    Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                                                    924.7           30.4
                    Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                     (3.5)          12.1
                    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                  33.3           21.2
                    Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                        29.8           33.3

                    The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
         100       Financial Report




         Notes to the
         Financial Statements




For personal use only
            In this section
            This section sets out the basis upon which the Group’s Financial Statements are prepared.
            Specific accounting policies are described in their respective notes to the Financial Statements. This section also shows information
            on new or amended accounting standards and their impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.



         About this report                                                     Equity attributable to other trusts stapled to DDF is a form of
                                                                               non-controlling interest and represents the equity of DIT, DOT
                                                                               and DXO. The amount of non-controlling interest attributable
         Basis of preparation                                                  to stapled security holders is disclosed in the Statement of
         The financial statements are general purpose financial                Financial Position. DDF is a for-profit entity for the purpose of
         reports which have been prepared in accordance with the               preparing Financial Statements.
         requirements of the Constitutions of the entities within the
         Group, the Corporations Act 2001, AASB’s issued by the                Each entity forming part of the Group continues as a separate
                                                                               legal entity in its own right under the Corporations Act 2001
         Australian Accounting Standards Board and International
         Financial Reporting Standards adopted by the International            and is therefore required to comply with the reporting and
         Accounting Standard Board.                                            disclosure requirements under the Corporations Act 2001 and
                                                                               Australian Accounting Standards. Dexus Funds Management
         Unless otherwise stated the financial statements have been            Limited (DXFM) as Responsible Entity for DDF, DIT, DOT and
         prepared using consistent accounting policies in line with            DXO may only unstaple the Group if approval is obtained by
         those of the previous financial year and corresponding interim        a special resolution of the stapled security holders.
         reporting period.
         The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars,
                                                                               Working capital deficiency
         with all values rounded to the nearest tenth of a million dollars     The Group has unutilised facilities of $921.0 million (2018:
         in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/          $886.6 million) (refer to note 13) and sufficient working capital
         Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, unless otherwise stated.     and cash flows in order to fund all requirements arising from the
                                                                               net current asset deficiency as at 30 June 2019 of $202.1 million
         The financial statements have been prepared on a going                (2018: $450.2 million). The deficiency is largely driven by the
         concern basis using historical cost conventions, except for           provision for distribution due to be paid in August 2019 and
         investment properties, investment properties within the equity        pending expiry of medium term notes.
         accounted investments, derivative financial instruments, and
         other financial liabilities which are stated at their fair value.
                                                                               Critical accounting estimates
         Dexus stapled securities are quoted on the Australian
                                                                               In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies,
         Securities Exchange under the “DXS” code and comprise
                                                                               management has made a number of judgements and applied
         one unit in each of DDF, DIT, DOT and DXO. In accordance
                                                                               estimates of future events. Judgements and estimates which
         with Australian Accounting Standards, the entities within the
                                                                               are material to the financial report are discussed in the
         Group must be consolidated for financial reporting purposes.
                                                                               following notes:
         DDF is the parent entity and deemed acquirer of DIT, DOT
         and DXO. These Financial Statements therefore represent the
                                                                               Note 8    Investment properties                          Page 114
         consolidated results of DDF and include DDF and its controlled
         entities, DIT and its controlled entities, DOT and its controlled     Note 10   Inventories                                   Page 120
         entities, and DXO and its controlled entities. All entities within    Note 12   Capital and Financial Risk Management          Page 122
         the Group are for profit entities.
                                                                               Note 18   Intangible assets                             Page 138
                                                                               Note 21   Security-based payment                         Page 141
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report      101




                    Principles of consolidation                                            Goods and services tax
                    These consolidated Financial Statements incorporate                    Revenues, expenses and capital assets are recognised net




For personal use only
                    the assets, liabilities and results of all subsidiaries as at          of any amount of Australian Goods and Services Tax (GST),
                    30 June 2019.                                                          except where the amount of GST incurred is not recoverable.
                                                                                           In these circumstances the GST is recognised as part of the
                    a) Controlled entities                                                 cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense. Cash
                    Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control.        flows are included in the Statement of Cash Flows on a gross
                    The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to,             basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from investing
                    or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the       and financing activities that is recoverable from or payable to
                    entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its         the Australian Taxation Office is classified as cash flows from
                    power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully   operating activities.
                    consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
                    to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that               New accounting standards and
                    control ceases.
                                                                                           interpretations
                    b) Joint arrangements                                                  AASB 16 Leases (effective application for the
                    Investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint       Group is 1 July 2019).
                    operations or joint ventures depending on the contractual
                                                                                           AASB 16 has been published however is not mandatory for the
                    rights and obligations each investor has, rather than the legal
                                                                                           30 June 2019 reporting period. The Group’s assessment of the
                    structure of the joint arrangement.
                                                                                           impact of AASB 16 is set out below.
                    Joint operations
                                                                                           With respect to leases where the Group is a lessee, all leases,
                    Where assets are held directly as tenants in common, the               including ground leases, will be required to be recognised
                    Group’s proportionate share of revenues, expenses, assets and          on balance sheet with the exception of short term or low
                    liabilities are included in their respective items of the Statement    value leases. An asset (the right to use the leased item) and
                    of Financial Position and Statement of Comprehensive Income.           a financial liability to pay rentals will be recognised with an
                    Joint ventures                                                         associated depreciation expense and finance costs to be
                                                                                           recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
                    Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the              Income. This differs to the current operating lease treatment
                    equity method. Under this method, the Group’s share of the             where lease payments are recognised on a straight-line basis
                    joint ventures’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised       over the lease term.
                    in the Statement of Comprehensive Income and distributions
                    received from joint ventures are recognised as a reduction of          The transition impact on 1 July 2019 has been assessed to
                    the carrying amount of the investment.                                 be an increase in assets and liabilities of approximately
                                                                                           $20 - $30 million. As the Group has adopted the modified
                    c) Employee share trust                                                retrospective approach, comparatives will not be restated and
                                                                                           the cumulative effect will be recognised on initial application.
                    The Group has formed a trust to administer the Group’s
                    security-based employee benefits. The employee share trust             The Group will apply the standard from 1 July 2019.
                    is consolidated as the substance of the relationship is that
                    the trust is controlled by the Group.


                    Foreign currency
                    The Financial Statements are presented in Australian dollars.
                    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the Australian
                    dollars functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                    at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and
                    losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
                    from the translation at period end exchange rates of financial
                    assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
                    recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
                    As at 30 June 2019, the Group had no investments in foreign
                    operations.
         102       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Notes to the Financial Statements
         continued




For personal use only
         The notes include information which is required to understand the Financial Statements and is material and relevant to the
         operations, financial position and performance of the Group.
         The notes are organised into the following sections:



            Group performance                                             Property portfolio assets

           1. Operating segments                                          8. Investment properties
           2. Property revenue and expenses                               9. Investments accounted for using the equity method
           3. Management operations, corporate and                        10. Inventories
              administration expenses                                     11. Non-current assets classified as held for sale
           4. Finance costs
           5. Taxation
           6. Earnings per unit
           7. Distributions paid and payable


           Capital and financial risk management
           and working capital                                            Other disclosures

           12. Capital and financial risk management                      18. Intangible assets
           13. Interest bearing liabilities                               19. Audit, taxation and transaction service fees
           14. Commitments and contingencies                              20. Cash flow information
           15. Contributed equity                                         21. Security-based payment
           16. Reserves                                                   22. Related parties
           17. Working capital                                            23. Parent entity disclosures
                                                                          24. Changes in accounting policies
                                                                          25. Subsequent events
                                                                                                                            Dexus 2019 Annual Report    103




                    Group performance



                         In this section




For personal use only
                         This section explains the results and performance of the Group.
                         It provides additional information about those individual line items in the Financial Statements that the Directors consider
                         most relevant in the context of the operations of the Group, including: results by operating segment, property revenue and
                         expenses, management operations, corporate and administration expenses, finance costs, taxation, earnings per unit and
                         distributions paid and payable.



                    Note 1 Operating segments
                    Description of segments
                    The Group’s operating segments have been identified based on the sectors analysed within the management reports reviewed
                    in order to monitor performance across the Group and to appropriately allocate resources. Refer to the table below for a brief
                    description of the Group’s operating segments.

                        Segment                     Description
                    Office                          Domestic office space with any associated retail space; as well as car parks and office developments.
                    Industrial                      Domestic industrial properties, industrial estates and industrial developments.
                    Property management             Property management services for third party clients and owned assets.
                    Funds management                Funds management of third party client assets.
                    Development and trading         Revenue earned and costs incurred by the Group on development services for third party clients
                                                    and inventory.
                    All other segments              Corporate expenses associated with maintaining and operating the Group. This segment also
                                                    includes the centralised treasury function and direct property portfolio value of the Group’s
                                                    Healthcare investments.
         104       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Group performance
         continued

         Note 1 Operating segments continued




For personal use only
                                                                            Office     Industrial
          30 June 2019                                                         $m            $m
         Segment performance measures
         Property revenue                                                   724.8          164.0
         Property management fees                                               –              –
         Development revenue                                                    –              –
         Management fee revenue                                                 –              –
         Total operating segment revenue                                    724.8          164.0
         Property expenses and property management salaries                 (218.6)         (33.7)
         Management operations expenses                                         –              –
         Corporate and administration expenses                               (13.3)          (3.3)
         Development costs                                                      –              –
         Interest revenue                                                       –              –
         Finance costs                                                          –              –
         Incentive amortisation and rent straight-line                       106.5          10.3
         FFO tax expense                                                        –              –
         Rental guarantees, coupon income and other                            11.1            –
         Funds From Operations (FFO)                                        610.5          137.3
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of investment properties                594.6          170.3
         Amortisation of intangible assets                                      –              –
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of derivatives                              –              –
         Transaction costs                                                      –              –
         Net gain/(loss) on sale of investment properties                       –             1.8
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of interest bearing liabilities             –              –
         Incentive amortisation and rent straight-line                      (106.5)         (10.3)
         Non FFO tax expense                                                    –              –
         Rental guarantees, coupon income and other                           (11.1)           –
         Net profit/(loss) attributable to stapled security holders        1,087.5         299.1
         Investment properties                                             6,984.4        1,185.6
         Inventories                                                            –              –
         Equity accounted investment properties                            5,966.4         935.6
         Direct property portfolio                                        12,950.8        2,121.2
                                                                                          Dexus 2019 Annual Report     105




For personal use only
                           Property          Funds     Development        All other
                        management      management      and trading     segments       Eliminations              Total
                                $m             $m               $m              $m              $m                 $m


                                  –              –                –              –             (3.0)             885.8
                               28.5              –                –              –               –                   28.5
                                  –              –             96.9              –               –                   96.9
                                40.1           64.1              9.1             –               –                113.3
                               68.6            64.1           106.0              –             (3.0)            1,124.5
                               (19.6)            –                –              –               –               (271.9)
                               (31.6)         (24.3)           (11.7)            –               –                (67.6)
                                  –              –                –          (30.2)            3.0               (43.8)
                                  –              –             (47.4)            –               –                (47.4)
                                  –              –                –            2.3               –                    2.3
                                  –              –                –          (119.4)             –               (119.4)
                                  –              –                –              –               –                116.8
                                  –              –             (14.8)         (12.3)             –                   (27.1)
                                  –              –                –            4.0               –                    15.1
                                17.4           39.8            32.1         (155.6)              –               681.5
                                  –              –                –            8.2               –                773.1
                                  –              –                –            (6.1)             –                    (6.1)
                                  –              –                –          109.4               –               109.4
                                  –              –                –            (3.1)             –                    (3.1)
                                  –              –                –              –               –                     1.8
                                  –              –                –          (127.8)             –               (127.8)
                                  –              –                –              –               –               (116.8)
                                  –              –                –           (15.7)             –                   (15.7)
                                  –              –                –            (4.2)             –                (15.3)
                                17.4           39.8            32.1         (194.9)              –              1,281.0
                                  –              –                –              –               –             8,170.0
                                  –              –            457.7              –               –               457.7
                                  –              –                –           85.8               –             6,987.8
                                  –              –            457.7           85.8               –             15,615.5
         106       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Group performance
         continued

         Note 1 Operating segments continued




For personal use only
                                                                            Office     Industrial
          30 June 2018                                                         $m            $m
         Segment performance measures
         Property revenue                                                    712.3         152.0
         Property management fees                                                –             –
         Development revenue                                                     –             –
         Management fee revenue                                                  –             –
         Total operating segment revenue                                     712.3         152.0
         Property expenses and property management salaries                 (195.3)        (30.4)
         Management operations expenses                                          –             –
         Corporate and administration expenses                               (12.8)          (3.2)
         Development costs                                                       –             –
         Interest revenue                                                        –             –
         Finance costs                                                           –             –
         Incentive amortisation and rent straight-line                        87.1          14.3
         FFO tax expense                                                         –             –
         Rental guarantees, coupon income and other                           12.5             –
         Funds From Operations (FFO)                                        603.8          132.7
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of investment properties               1,054.0          141.9
         Amortisation of intangible assets                                       –             –
         Impairment of inventories                                               –           (0.6)
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of derivatives                               –             –
         Transaction costs                                                       –             –
         Net gain/(loss) on sale of investment properties                     (0.9)            –
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of interest bearing liabilities              –             –
         Incentive amortisation and rent straight-line                        (87.1)        (14.3)
         Non FFO tax expense                                                     –             –
         Rental guarantees, coupon income and other                          (15.0)            –
         Net profit/(loss) attributable to stapled security holders        1,554.8         259.7
         Investment properties                                             6,437.2       1,805.4
         Non-current assets held for sale                                        –           2.0
         Inventories                                                             –             –
         Equity accounted investment properties                            4,327.0          167.2
         Direct property portfolio                                        10,764.2       1,974.6
                                                                                            Dexus 2019 Annual Report      107




For personal use only
                           Property          Funds      Development        All other
                        management      management       and trading     segments        Eliminations              Total
                                $m             $m                $m              $m               $m                 $m


                                  –               –                –              –              (2.8)              861.5
                               29.2               –                –              –                –                   29.2
                                  –               –             133.1             –                –                   133.1
                               38.8           58.0               5.0              –                –                101.8
                               68.0           58.0             138.1              –              (2.8)            1,125.6
                               (19.5)             –                –              –                –              (245.2)
                               (32.4)          (22.1)           (4.5)             –                –                (59.0)
                                  –               –                –           (27.4)             2.8               (40.6)
                                  –               –            (80.8)             –                –               (80.8)
                                  –               –                –             1.4               –                     1.4
                                  –               –                –         (135.8)               –               (135.8)
                                  –               –                –              –                –                101.4
                                  –               –             (15.7)         (13.3)              –                (29.0)
                                  –               –                –            2.8                –                   15.3
                                16.1           35.9             37.1         (172.3)               –               653.3
                                  –               –                –            5.9                –              1,201.8
                                  –               –                –            (5.5)              –                    (5.5)
                                  –               –                –              –                –                   (0.6)
                                  –               –                –           (77.5)              –                   (77.5)
                                  –               –                –             (1.1)             –                     (1.1)
                                  –               –                –              –                –                    (0.9)
                                  –               –                –           85.8                –                   85.8
                                  –               –                –              –                –               (101.4)
                                  –               –                –            (7.3)              –                    (7.3)
                                  –               –                –            (2.7)              –                   (17.7)
                                16.1           35.9             37.1         (174.7)               –              1,728.9
                                  –               –                –              –                –             8,242.6
                                  –               –                –              –                –                    2.0
                                  –               –            544.7              –                –               544.7
                                  –               –                –           54.1                –             4,548.3
                                  –               –            544.7           54.1                –             13,337.6
         108       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Group performance
         continued

         Note 1 Operating segments continued




For personal use only
         Other segment information
         Funds From Operations (FFO)
         The Directors consider the Property Council of Australia’s (PCA) definition of FFO to be a measure that reflects the underlying
         performance of the Group. FFO comprises net profit/loss after tax attributable to stapled security holders, calculated in
         accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and adjusted for: property revaluations, impairments, derivative and foreign
         exchange mark-to-market impacts, fair value movements of interest bearing liabilities, amortisation of tenant incentives, gain/loss
         on sale of certain assets, straight line rent adjustments, deferred tax expense/benefit, transaction costs, amortisation of intangible
         assets, rental guarantees and coupon income.

         Reconciliation of segment revenue to the Statement of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                                                                        $m              $m
         Property lease revenue                                                                                                       771.5            861.5
         Property services revenue 1                                                                                                  114.3                –
         Property revenue                                                                                                            885.8             861.5
         Property management fees                                                                                                      28.5             29.2
         Development revenue                                                                                                           96.9            133.1
         Management fee revenue                                                                                                       113.3            101.8
         Total operating segment revenue                                                                                            1,124.5           1,125.6
         Share of property lease revenue from joint ventures                                                                         (321.3)          (313.5)
         Share of property services revenue from joint ventures                                                                       (45.5)               –
         Share of management fees charged to joint ventures                                                                            36.4             27.8
         Interest revenue                                                                                                               1.0              0.7
         Total revenue from ordinary activities                                                                                       795.1           840.6

         1. The Group applied AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers on 1 July 2018. A portion of the consideration within lease arrangements
            has been allocated to service revenue which has previously been disclosed as part of property lease revenue. Refer to note 24 Changes in
            accounting policies.

         Reconciliation of segment assets to the Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                                                                        $m              $m
         Direct property portfolio 1                                                                                               15,615.5         13,337.6
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     29.8             33.3
         Receivables                                                                                                                  147.5             63.4
         Intangible assets                                                                                                            322.1            314.6
         Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             532.6           334.9
         Plant and equipment                                                                                                           15.0             16.0
         Prepayments and other assets 2                                                                                               (141.2)          (82.5)
         Total assets                                                                                                              16,521.3         14,017.3

         1. Includes the Group’s portion of investment properties accounted for using the equity method.
         2. Other assets include the Group’s share of total net assets of its investments accounted for using the equity method less the Group’s share of the
            investment property value which is included in the direct property portfolio.
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report         109




                    Note 2 Property revenue and expenses
                    The Group’s main revenue stream is property rental revenue and is derived from holding properties as investment properties and




For personal use only
                    earning rental yields over time. Rental revenue is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term for leases with fixed rent
                    review clauses.
                    Prospective tenants may be offered incentives as an inducement to enter into operating leases. The costs of incentives are
                    recognised as a reduction of rental revenue on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date to the end of the lease
                    term. The carrying amount of the lease incentives is reflected in the fair value of investment properties.
                    Within its lease arrangements, the Group provides certain services to tenants (such as utilities, cleaning, maintenance and certain
                    parking arrangements) which are accounted for within AASB 15. A portion of the consideration within the lease arrangements is
                    therefore allocated to revenue for the provision of services. Refer to note 24 for further information relating to revenue policies
                    adopted under AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

                                                                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                                                                        $m              $m
                    Rent and recoverable outgoings                                                                                     471.7          585.4
                    Services revenue                                                                                                    68.8                –
                    Incentive amortisation                                                                                             (66.8)         (80.7)
                    Other revenue                                                                                                       73.7           72.5
                    Total property revenue                                                                                             547.4          577.2

                    Property expenses of $157.6 million (2018: $155.9 million) includes rates, taxes and other property outgoings incurred in relation to
                    investment properties.


                    Note 3 Management operations, corporate and administration expenses
                                                                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                                                                        $m              $m
                    Audit, taxation, legal and other professional fees                                                                   6.0            5.3
                    Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                       10.3             9.2
                    Employee benefits expense and other staff expenses                                                                  87.9           78.0
                    Administration and other expenses                                                                                   16.9            13.8
                    Total management operations, corporate and administration expenses                                                  121.1         106.3
         110       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Group performance
         continued

         Note 4 Finance costs
         Finance costs include interest, amortisation or other costs incurred in connection with arrangement of borrowings and net fair




For personal use only
         value movements of interest rate swaps. Finance costs are expensed as incurred unless they relate to qualifying assets.
         A qualifying asset is an asset under development which takes a substantial period of time, where the works being carried out to
         bring it to its intended use or sale are expected to exceed 12 months in duration. Finance costs incurred for the acquisition and
         construction of a qualifying asset are capitalised to the cost of the asset for the period of time that is required to complete the
         asset. To the extent that funds are borrowed generally to fund development, the amount of borrowing costs to be capitalised to
         qualifying assets must be determined by using an appropriate capitalisation rate.

                                                                                                                          2019           2018
                                                                                                                           $m             $m
         Interest paid/payable                                                                                           124.5           122.4
         Amount capitalised                                                                                               (24.4)             (13.1)
         Net fair value (gain)/loss of interest rate swaps                                                                46.4               12.9
         Other finance costs                                                                                                5.4               6.3
         Total finance costs                                                                                              151.9          128.5

         The average capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of finance costs eligible for capitalisation is 5.25% (2018: 5.75%).


         Note 5 Taxation
         Under current Australian income tax legislation, DDF, DIT and DOT are not liable for income tax provided they satisfy certain
         legislative requirements, which were met in the current and previous financial years. DXO is liable for income tax and has formed a
         tax consolidated group with its wholly owned and controlled Australian entities. As a consequence, these entities are taxed as a
         single entity.
         Income tax expense is comprised of current and deferred tax expense. Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss,
         except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case it is
         recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
         Current tax expense represents the expense relating to the expected taxable income at the applicable rate of the financial year.
         Deferred tax expense represents the tax expense in respect of the future tax consequences of recovering or settling the carrying
         amount of an asset or liability. Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred income
         tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that
         future taxable profit will be available to utilise them.
         Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset
         is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
         balance sheet date.
         The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
         longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to utilise them.

         Attribution managed investment trust regime
         Dexus made an election for DDF, DOT and DIT to be attribution managed investment trusts (AMITs) for the year ended
         30 June 2017 and future years. The AMIT regime is intended to reduce complexity, increase certainty and minimise compliance
         costs for AMITs and their investors.
                                                                                                                 Dexus 2019 Annual Report       111




                    a) Income tax (expense)/benefit




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                            $m               $m
                    Current income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                    (47.1)      (28.5)
                    Deferred income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                    4.3             (7.8)
                    Total income tax expense                                                                               (42.8)       (36.3)
                    Deferred income tax expense included in income tax (expense)/benefit comprises:
                    (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax assets                                                               2.3             2.2
                    (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax liabilities                                                          2.0         (10.0)
                    Total deferred tax benefit/(expense)                                                                     4.3             (7.8)


                    b) Reconciliation of income tax (expense)/benefit to net profit
                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                            $m               $m
                    Profit before income tax                                                                             1,323.8       1,765.2
                    Less: profit attributed to entities not subject to tax                                               (1,172.8)    (1,628.3)
                    Profit subject to income tax                                                                           151.0        136.9
                    Prima facie tax expense at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2018: 30%)                                  (45.3)           (41.1)
                    Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(assessable) in calculating taxable income:
                    (Non-assessable)/non-deductible items                                                                    2.5             4.8
                    Income tax expense                                                                                     (42.8)       (36.3)


                    c) Deferred tax assets
                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                            $m               $m
                    The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                    Employee provisions                                                                                     15.9            13.6
                    Other                                                                                                     1.9             1.9
                    Total non-current assets – deferred tax assets                                                           17.8           15.5
                    Movements:
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                            15.5            13.3
                    Movement in deferred tax asset arising from temporary differences                                        2.3             2.2
                    (Charged)/credited to the Statement of Comprehensive Income                                              2.3             2.2
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                   17.8           15.5
         112       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Group performance
         continued

         Note 5 Taxation continued




For personal use only
         d) Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                                $m               $m
         The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
         Intangible assets                                                                                                      74.8            74.8
         Investment properties                                                                                                  31.5            34.2
         Other                                                                                                                   0.9             0.2
         Total non-current liabilities – deferred tax liabilities                                                              107.2           109.2
         Movements
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                          109.2            99.2
         Movement in deferred tax liability arising from temporary differences                                                  (2.0)           10.0
         Charged/(credited) to the Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                            (2.0)           10.0
         Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                                107.2           109.2

         Net deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                                $m               $m
         Deferred tax assets                                                                                                    17.8             15.5
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              107.2           109.2
         Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                           89.4            93.7


         Note 6 Earnings per unit
         Earnings per unit are determined by dividing the net profit attributable to unitholders by the weighted average number of ordinary
         units outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per unit are adjusted from the basic earnings per unit by taking into account
         the impact of dilutive potential units.

         a) Net profit used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per security
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                                $m               $m
         Profit attributable to unitholders of the Trust (parent entity) for basic and diluted earnings per security           315.7           468.8
         Profit attributable to stapled security holders for basic earnings per security                                     1,281.0          1,728.9
         Effect on exchange of Exchangeable Notes                                                                              (12.6)              –
         Profit attributable to stapled security holders for diluted earnings per security                                   1,268.4          1,728.9


         b) Weighted average number of securities used as a denominator
                                                                                                                              2019             2018
                                                                                                                             No. of           No. of
                                                                                                                          securities       securities
         Weighted average number of units outstanding used in calculation of basic earnings per unit                   1,028,577,220    1,017,299,246
         Effect on exchange of Exchangeable Notes                                                                         8,046,239                –
         Weighted average number of units outstanding used in calculation of diluted earnings per unit                 1,036,623,459    1,017,299,246
                                                                                                                        Dexus 2019 Annual Report      113




                    Note 7 Distributions paid and payable
                    Distributions are recognised when declared.




For personal use only
                    a) Distribution to security holders
                                                                                                                                    2019           2018
                                                                                                                                     $m             $m
                    31 December (paid 28 February 2019)                                                                            276.7           241.1
                    30 June (payable 29 August 2019)                                                                               252.3          245.3
                    Total distribution to security holders                                                                         529.0         486.4

                    b) Distribution rate
                                                                                                                                  2019           2018
                                                                                                                              Cents per      Cents per
                                                                                                                               security       security
                    31 December (paid 28 February 2019)                                                                             27.2           23.7
                    30 June (payable 29 August 2019)                                                                                23.0           24.1
                    Total distributions                                                                                             50.2           47.8

                    c) Franked dividends
                                                                                                                                    2019           2018
                                                                                                                                     $m             $m
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                    57.0           33.4
                    Income tax paid during the year                                                                                 30.8           45.0
                    Franking credits utilised for payment of distribution                                                           (21.4)         (21.4)
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                          66.4           57.0

                    As at 30 June 2019, the Group had a current tax liability of $21.5 million, which will be added to the franking account balance once
                    payment is made.
         114       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Property portfolio assets



            In this section




For personal use only
            The following table summarises the property portfolio assets detailed in this section.

                                                                                          Office        Industrial       Healthcare         Total
               30 June 2019                                                 Note             $m               $m                $m            $m
            Investment properties                                               8        6,984.4           1,185.6               –        8,170.0
            Equity accounted investments                                        9        5,966.4            935.6              85.8       6,987.8
            Inventories                                                        10           241.7           216.0                –          457.7
            Total                                                                        13,192.5         2,337.2              85.8       15,615.5

            Property portfolio assets are used to generate the Group’s performance and are considered to be the most relevant to the
            understanding of the operating performance of the Group. The assets are detailed in the following notes:
            –– Investment properties: relates to investment properties, both stabilised and under development.
            –– Investments accounted for using the equity method: provides summarised financial information on the joint ventures
               and investments with significant influence. The Group’s interests in its joint venture property portfolio assets held through
               investments in trusts.
            –– Inventories: relates to the Group’s ownership of industrial and office assets or land held for repositioning, development
               and sale.
            –– Non-current assets classified as held for sale: relates to investment properties which are expected to be sold within
               12 months of the balance sheet date and are currently being marketed for sale.



         Note 8 Investment properties
         The Group’s investment properties consist of properties held for long-term rental yields and/or capital appreciation and property
         that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment property. Investment properties are initially recognised at cost
         including transaction costs. Investment properties are subsequently recognised at fair value.
         The basis of valuations of investment properties is fair value, being the price that would be received to sell the asset in an orderly
         transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
         Changes in fair values are recorded in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. The gain or loss on disposal of an investment
         property is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset at the date of disposal and the net proceeds
         from disposal and is included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income in the year of disposal.
         Subsequent redevelopment and refurbishment costs (other than repairs and maintenance) are capitalised to the investment
         property where they result in an enhancement in the future economic benefits of the property.
         Leasing fees incurred and incentives provided are capitalised and amortised over the lease periods to which they relate.

         a) Reconciliation
                                                                                             Office       Industrial             2019          2018
                                                                               Note             $m              $m                $m            $m
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                       6,437.3         1,805.3           8,242.6         7,169.1
         Additions                                                                           259.6             24.4             284.0          168.4
         Acquisitions                                                                         169.2           190.0             359.2          398.1
         Lease incentives                                                                     44.7              12.9             57.6           62.9
         Amortisation of lease incentives                                                     (61.5)           (10.4)            (71.9)        (76.9)
         Rent straightlining                                                                    6.7              3.2              9.9           12.2
         Disposals                                                                           (232.9)         (395.4)           (628.3)         (44.0)
         Transfer to non-current assets classified as held for sale                 11              –                –                –         (2.0)
         Transfers from investment property to investments
         accounted for using the equity method                                      9               –         (642.7)          (642.7)               –
         Transfer to inventories                                                    10              –                –                –       (295.9)
         Transfer from inventories                                                  10              –         104.2             104.2                –
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of investment properties                                  361.3             94.1            455.4         850.7
         Closing balance at the end of the year                                            6,984.4           1,185.6          8,170.0        8,242.6
                                                                                                                          Dexus 2019 Annual Report      115




                    Acquisitions
                    On 12 July 2018, settlement occurred for the acquisition of 586 Wickham Street, Fortitude Valley for $92.1 million excluding




For personal use only
                    acquisition costs.
                    On 13 September 2018, settlement occurred for the acquisition of 54 Ferndell Street, South Granville for $61.5 million excluding
                    acquisition costs.
                    On 31 October 2018, settlement occurred for the acquisition of 60 Collins Street, Melbourne for $160.0 million excluding
                    acquisition costs.
                    On 14 February 2019, the Group acquired 112 Cullen Avenue, Eagle Farm from Dexus Industrial Trust Australia (DITA) for $26.1 million
                    excluding acquisition costs.

                    Disposals
                    On 21 June 2019, settlement occurred for the disposal of 11 Talavera Road, Macquarie Park for net proceeds of $231.2 million
                    excluding transaction costs.
                    On 30 November 2018, Dexus established a new unlisted logistics vehicle, in joint venture with GIC, which was seeded with various
                    industrial assets from the Group. See note 9 for more information on Dexus’s investment in Dexus Australian Logistics Trust and
                    Dexus Australian Logistics Trust No. 2. As part of the transaction, the Group also disposed of a 25% interest in various industrial
                    assets to GIC for $395.4 million as part of the establishment of a new unlisted logistics vehicle.

                    b) Valuations process
                    Independent valuations are carried out for each individual property at least once every three years by a member of the Australian
                    Property Institute of Valuers. Each valuation firm and its signatory valuer are appointed on the basis that they are engaged for no
                    more than three consecutive valuations except properties under development and co-owned properties. Independent valuations
                    may be undertaken earlier where the Responsible Entity believes there is potential for a change in the fair value of the property being
                    the greater of 5% of the asset value, or $5.0 million. At 30 June 2019, all investment properties were independently externally valued.
                    The Group’s investment properties are required to be internally valued at least every six months at each reporting period (interim
                    and full-year) unless they have been independently externally valued. Internal valuations are compared to the carrying value of
                    investment properties at the reporting date. Where the Directors determine that the internal valuations present a more reliable
                    estimate of fair value the internal valuation is adopted as book value. Internal valuations are performed by the Group’s internal
                    valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualifications and have previous experience as property valuers from major real
                    estate valuation firms.
                    An appropriate valuation methodology is utilised according to asset class. In relation to office and industrial assets this includes
                    the capitalisation approach (market approach) and the discounted cash flow approach (income approach). The valuation is also
                    compared to, and supported by, direct comparison to recent market transactions. The adopted capitalisation rates and discount
                    rates are determined based on industry expertise and knowledge and, where possible, a direct comparison to third party rates for
                    similar assets in a comparable location. Rental revenue from current leases and assumptions about future leases, as well as any
                    expected operational cash outflows in relation to the property, are also built into each asset assessment of fair value.
                    In relation to development properties under construction for future use as investment property, where reliably measurable,
                    fair value is determined based on the market value of the property on the assumption it had already been completed at
                    the valuation date (using the methodology as outlined above) less costs still required to complete the project, including an
                    appropriate adjustment for industry benchmarked profit and development risk.
         116       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Property portfolio assets
         continued

         Note 8 Investment properties continued




For personal use only
         c) Fair value measurement, valuation techniques and inputs
         The following table represents the level of the fair value hierarchy and the associated unobservable inputs utilised in the fair value
         measurement for each class of investment property.

                                                                                                                    Range of unobservable inputs
                                                  Fair value
          Class of property                       hierarchy       Inputs used to measure fair value                         2019                2018
         Office   1
                                                     Level 3      Adopted capitalisation rate                      4.50% – 7.00%     4.63% – 9.00%
                                                                  Adopted discount rate                            6.50% – 7.50%    6.25% – 10.50%
                                                                  Adopted terminal yield                            4.75% – 7.50%     5.13% – 9.75%
                                                                  Current net market rental (per sqm)               $383 – $1,398     $346 – $1,338
         Industrial                                  Level 3      Adopted capitalisation rate                      5.00% – 10.75%    5.50% – 11.00%
                                                                  Adopted discount rate                            6.50% – 10.75%    6.75% – 11.00%
                                                                  Adopted terminal yield                           5.25% – 10.75%   6.00% – 11.00%
                                                                  Current net market rental (per sqm)                 $38 – $588        $38 – $445
         Development – Industrial                    Level 3      Land rate (per sqm)                                  $51 – $710        $38 – $677

         1. Includes office developments and excludes car parks, retail and other.


            Key estimates: inputs used to measure fair value of investment properties
            Judgement is required in determining the following key assumptions:
            –– Adopted capitalisation rate: The rate at which net market rental revenue is capitalised to determine the value of a property.
               The rate is determined with regard to market evidence and the prior external valuation
            –– Adopted discount rate: The rate of return used to convert cash flows, payable or receivable in the future, into present value.
               It reflects the opportunity cost of capital, that is, the rate of return the cash can earn if put to other uses having similar risk.
               The rate is determined with regard to market evidence and the prior external valuation
            –– Adopted terminal yield: The capitalisation rate used to convert the future net market rental revenue into an indication
               of the anticipated value of the property at the end of the holding period when carrying out a discounted cash flow
               calculation. The rate is determined with regard to market evidence and the prior external valuation
            –– Net market rental (per sqm): The net market rent is the estimated amount for which a property should lease between a
               lessor and a lessee on appropriate lease terms in an arm’s length transaction
            –– Land rate (per sqm): The land rate is the market land value per sqm


         d) Sensitivity information
         Significant movement in any one of the inputs listed in the table above may result in a change in the fair value of the Group’s
         investment properties as shown below.

                                                           Fair value measurement sensitivity to        Fair value measurement sensitivity to
          Significant inputs                               significant increase in input                significant decrease in input
         Adopted capitalisation rate
         Adopted discount rate                             Decrease                                     Increase
         Adopted terminal yield
         Net market rental (per sqm)
                                                           Increase                                     Decrease
         Land rate (per sqm)

         Generally, a change in the assumption made for the adopted capitalisation rate is often accompanied by a directionally similar
         change in the adopted terminal yield. The adopted capitalisation rate forms part of the capitalisation approach whilst the
         adopted terminal yield forms part of the discounted cash flow approach.
         Under the capitalisation approach, the net market rental has a strong interrelationship with the adopted capitalisation rate as the fair
         value of the investment property is derived by capitalising, in perpetuity, the total net market rent receivable. An increase (softening) in
         the adopted capitalisation rate may offset the impact to fair value of an increase in the total net market rent. A decrease (tightening)
         in the adopted capitalisation rate may also offset the impact to fair value of a decrease in the total net market rent. A directionally
         opposite change in the total net market rent and the adopted capitalisation rate may increase the impact to fair value.
                                                                                                                                          Dexus 2019 Annual Report           117




                    The discounted cash flow is primarily made up of the discounted cash flow of net income over the cash flow period and the
                    discounted terminal value (which is largely based upon market rents grown at forecast market rental growth rates capitalised at




For personal use only
                    an adopted terminal yield). An increase (softening) in the adopted discount rate may offset the impact to fair value of a decrease
                    (tightening) in the adopted terminal yield. A decrease (tightening) in the discount rate may offset the impact to fair value of an
                    increase (softening) in the adopted terminal yield. A directionally similar change in the adopted discount rate and the adopted
                    terminal yield may increase the impact to fair value.
                    A decrease (softening) in the forecast rental growth rate may result in a negative impact on the discounted cash flow approach
                    value while a strengthening may have a positive impact on the value under the same approach.

                    e) Investment properties pledged as security
                    Refer to note 13 for information on investment properties pledged as security.


                    Note 9 Investments accounted for using the equity method
                    a) Interest in joint ventures
                    Investments are accounted for in the Financial Statements using the equity method of accounting (refer to the ‘About this Report’
                    section). The proportion of ownership interest and the carrying amount of Dexus’s interest in these entities is set out below. The
                    below entities were formed in Australia and their principal activity is property investment in Australia.

                                                                                                                 Ownership interest

                                                                                                                     2019             2018              2019             2018
                        Name of entity                                                                                 %                 %               $m               $m
                    Bent Street Trust                                                                                33.3              33.3            349.5            344.7
                    Dexus Creek Street Trust                                                                         50.0              50.0            176.6             161.8
                    Dexus Martin Place Trust 1                                                                       50.0              50.0            826.9             376.9
                    Grosvenor Place Holding Trust 2,3                                                                50.0              50.0            469.7            452.3
                    Site 6 Homebush Bay Trust     2
                                                                                                                     50.0              50.0             42.9              33.6
                    Site 7 Homebush Bay Trust 2                                                                      50.0              50.0             54.2              47.2
                    Dexus 480 Q Holding Trust                                                                        50.0              50.0            386.5            380.5
                    Dexus Kings Square Trust                                                                         50.0              50.0            220.7             216.3
                    Dexus Office Trust Australia (DOTA)                                                              50.0              50.0          2,410.9           2,164.7
                    Dexus Industrial Trust Australia (DITA)                                                          50.0              50.0            202.4             172.3
                    Dexus Eagle Street Pier Trust                                                                    50.0              50.0              31.2             33.0
                    Healthcare Wholesale Property Fund                                                               23.8              23.8              56.1             49.6
                    Dexus Australian Logistics Trust (DALT)    4
                                                                                                                     75.0                 –            657.5                 –
                    Dexus Australian Logistics Trust No.2 (DALT2) 4                                                   51.0                –             65.2                 –
                    Dexus 80C Trust      5
                                                                                                                     75.0                 –            873.4                 –
                    Total assets – investments accounted for using the equity method            6
                                                                                                                                                     6,823.7          4,432.9

                    1. On 1 April 2019, settlement occurred for the acquisition of a further 25% of MLC Centre, 19 Martin Place, Sydney for $400 million excluding
                       acquisition costs. This represents the Group’s 50% interest.
                    2. These entities are 50% owned by DOTA. The Group’s economic interest is therefore 75% when combined with the interest held by DOTA.
                    3. Grosvenor Place Holding Trust owns 50% of Grosvenor Place, at 225 George Street, Sydney, NSW. The Group’s economic interest in this property
                       is therefore 37.5%.
                    4. On 30 November 2018, the Group established a new unlisted logistics vehicle which was seeded with various industrial assets from the Group.
                       These investments were previously wholly owned by the Group, prior to the disposal to the joint venture and joint venture partner, GIC. The
                       Group equity accounts its investments as it has joint control of the joint venture with GIC.
                    5. On 9 May 2019, settlement occurred for the acquisition of 80 Collins Street, Melbourne for $1.09 billion excluding acquisition costs. This represents the
                       Group’s 75% interest.
                    6. The Group’s share of investment properties in the investments accounted for using the equity method was $6,987.8 million (2018: $4,548.3 million).
                       These investments are accounted for using the equity method as a result of contractual arrangements requiring unanimous decisions on all
                       relevant matters.

                    b) Summarised financial information for joint ventures
                    The following table provides summarised financial information for the joint ventures which, in the opinion of the directors, are
                    material to the Group. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the relevant joint
                    ventures and not Dexus’s share of those amounts.
         118       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Property portfolio assets
         continued

         Note 9 Investments accounted for using the equity method continued




For personal use only
         b) Summarised financial information for joint ventures continued
                                                                                Dexus Office               Dexus 80C
                                                                               Trust Australia               Trust


                                                                            2019           2018       2019         2018
         Summarised Statement of Financial Position                          $m             $m         $m           $m
         Current assets
         Cash and cash equivalents                                           14.6          40.5        2.9             –
         Other current assets                                               110.6            7.9      35.0             –
         Total current assets                                               125.2          48.4       37.9             –
         Non-current assets
         Investment properties                                            4,346.3        4,016.9    1,211.6            –
         Investments accounted for using the equity method                 566.8          533.0          –             –
         Other non-current assets                                           44.5            0.8          –             –
         Total non-current assets                                         4,957.6       4,550.7     1,211.6            –
         Current liabilities
         Provision for distribution                                          22.2           34.1        7.6            –
         Borrowings                                                         149.3          149.1         –             –
         Other current liabilities                                           51.9          49.5       27.8             –
         Total current liabilities                                         223.4          232.7       35.4             –
         Non-current liabilities
         Borrowings                                                          22.6           22.1      49.5             –
         Total non-current liabilities                                       22.6           22.1      49.5             –
         Net assets                                                       4,836.8       4,344.3     1,164.6            –
         Reconciliation to carrying amounts:
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                     4,344.3        3,969.9         –             –
         Additions                                                          199.9         164.7     1,169.2            –
         Profit for the year                                               508.5          626.6        3.0             –
         Distributions received/receivable                                 (215.9)        (416.9)      (7.6)           –
         Closing balance at the end of the year                           4,836.8       4,344.3     1,164.6            –
         Group's share in $m                                              2,418.4        2,172.2     873.4             –
         Elimination of downstream transactions                              (7.5)          (7.5)        –             –
         Group's carrying amount                                          2,410.9        2,164.7     873.4             –
         Summarised Statement of Comprehensive Income
         Property revenue                                                   279.3         278.4        3.5             –
         Property revaluations                                              276.1         362.6         1.2            –
         Gain on sale of investment properties                                2.7           (5.2)        –             –
         Interest income                                                      0.7           0.5          –             –
         Other income                                                        56.2          90.8          –             –
         Finance costs                                                       (9.9)          (9.7)        –             –
         Other expenses                                                     (96.6)        (90.8)       (1.7)           –
         Net profit/(loss) for the year                                    508.5          626.6        3.0             –
         Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                    508.5          626.6        3.0             –
                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report         119




For personal use only
                         Dexus Australian     Grosvenor Place           Dexus Martin           Dexus 480Q                   Bent Street
                          Logistics Trust      Holding Trust             Place Trust           Holding Trust                   Trust


                        2019         2018    2019        2018        2019         2018     2019           2018         2019           2018
                         $m           $m      $m          $m          $m           $m       $m             $m           $m             $m


                        26.4            –     2.2          0.2         8.3        18.4       1.0           4.6           2.1              4.7
                          3.1           –     3.0          4.2       24.0          12.0      7.9           5.8           1.9              1.2
                         29.5           –     5.2          4.4       32.3         30.4       8.9          10.4          4.0               5.9


                    876.5               –   937.5       905.0      1,644.0       744.5     781.0         768.5       1,070.0        1,049.9
                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                         0.4            –       –           0.1       0.2              –     0.2            0.1            –                –
                        876.9           –   937.5        905.1     1,644.2       744.5     781.2         768.6       1,070.0        1,049.9


                        22.4            –       –            –          –              –       –                –       16.4           12.4
                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                          7.3           –     3.3          4.9       22.8          21.2      17.1         18.0           8.0              9.3
                         29.7           –     3.3          4.9       22.8          21.2      17.1         18.0         24.4            21.7


                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                        876.7           –   939.4       904.6      1,653.7       753.7     773.0         761.0       1,049.6        1,034.1


                           –            –   904.6         771.1      753.7       332.5     761.0         733.5       1,034.1         957.4
                        812.8           –      5.1         3.8      870.6        438.6       2.9               7.7         –                –
                        86.2            –    76.8         172.1      66.0           7.8     38.3          58.4          73.1          131.7
                        (22.3)          –    (47.1)      (42.4)      (36.6)       (25.2)   (29.2)        (38.6)        (57.6)        (55.0)
                        876.7           –   939.4       904.6      1,653.7       753.7     773.0         761.0       1,049.6        1,034.1
                        657.5           –   469.7       452.3       826.9        376.9     386.5         380.5        349.5          344.7
                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                        657.5           –   469.7       452.3       826.9        376.9     386.5         380.5        349.5          344.7


                         35.9           –    52.8        50.5        56.0         40.4      65.7          53.8         52.5           53.0
                        60.8            –    36.4        132.8        27.6        (19.8)    14.3           21.7        33.6           90.1
                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                          0.1           –      0.1          0.1       0.2          0.2       0.8            0.1          0.1              0.1
                           –            –       –          (0.1)        –          (0.1)    (0.1)               –          –              (0.1)
                           –            –       –            –          –              –       –                –          –                –
                        (10.6)          –    (12.5)       (11.2)     (17.8)       (12.9)   (42.4)         (17.2)        (13.1)        (11.4)
                        86.2            –    76.8         172.1      66.0           7.8     38.3          58.4          73.1          131.7
                        86.2            –    76.8         172.1      66.0           7.8     38.3          58.4          73.1          131.7
         120       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Property portfolio assets
         continued

         Note 9 Investments accounted for using the equity method continued




For personal use only
         c) Individually immaterial joint ventures
         In addition to the interests in the joint ventures disclosed in Note 9(b), the Group also has interests in a number of individually
         immaterial joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                                          2019            2018
                                                                                                                           $m              $m
         Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial joint ventures                                             849.4           713.8
         Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of:
         Profit from continuing operations                                                                                 99.6           59.8
         Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                                   –                 –
         Total comprehensive income                                                                                        99.6           59.8


         Note 10 Inventories
         Development properties held for repositioning, construction and sale are recorded at the lower of cost or net realisable value.
         Cost is assigned by specific identification and includes the cost of acquisition, and development and holding costs such as
         borrowing costs, rates and taxes. Holding costs incurred after completion of development are expensed.
         Development revenue includes proceeds on the sale of inventory and revenue earned through the provision of development
         services on assets sold as inventory. Revenue earned on the provision of development services is recognised using the
         percentage complete method. The stage of completion is measured by reference to costs incurred to date as a percentage of
         estimated total costs for each contract. Where the project result can be reliably estimated, development services revenue and
         associated expenses are recognised in profit or loss. Where the project result cannot be reliably estimated, profits are deferred
         and the difference between consideration received and expenses incurred is carried forward as either a receivable or payable.
         Development services revenue and expenses are recognised immediately when the project result can be reliably estimated.
         Transfers from investment properties to inventories occur when there is a change in intention regarding the use of the property
         from an intention to hold for rental income or capital appreciation purposes to an intention to develop and sell. The transfer price
         is recorded as the fair value of the property as at the date of transfer. Development activities will commence immediately after
         they transfer.


            Key estimate: net realisable value (NRV) of inventories
            NRV is determined using the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs to bring
            inventories to their finished condition, including marketing and selling expenses. NRV is based on the most reliable evidence
            available at the time and the amount the inventories are expected to be realised. These key assumptions are reviewed
            annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. Key estimates have been reviewed and no impairment provisions
            have been recognised.
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report      121




                    a) Development properties held for sale




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                                      $m             $m
                    Current assets
                    Development properties held for sale                                                                             170.4           37.6
                    Total current assets – inventories                                                                               170.4           37.6
                    Non-current assets
                    Development properties held for sale                                                                             287.3          507.1
                    Total non-current assets – inventories                                                                           287.3          507.1
                    Total assets – inventories                                                                                       457.7         544.7


                    b) Reconciliation
                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                      Note            $m             $m
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                    544.7           211.3
                    Transfer from investment properties                                                                  8              –           295.9
                    Transfer to investment properties                                                                    8          (104.2)            –
                    Disposals                                                                                                        (40.3)         (10.0)
                    Impairment                                                                                                          –            (0.6)
                    Additions                                                                                                         57.5           48.1
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                           457.7         544.7


                    Note 11 Non-current assets classified as held for sale
                    Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction
                    rather than through continuing use, and a sale is considered highly probable.
                    Non-current assets classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet. Non-current
                    assets classified as held for sale relate to investment properties and are measured at fair value.
                    As at 30 June 2019, there were no assets classified as held for sale. The balance as at 30 June 2018 related to Truganina land lots
                    which were disposed of during 2019.
         122       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital



            In this section




For personal use only
            The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on reducing volatility from impacts of movements in financial markets
            and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group.
            Note 12 Capital and financial risk management outlines how the Group manages its exposure to a variety of financial risks
            (interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, liquidity risk and credit risk) and details the various derivative financial instruments
            entered into by the Group.
            The Board determines the appropriate capital structure of the Group, how much is borrowed from financial institutions and
            capital markets (debt), and how much is raised from security holders (equity) in order to finance the Group’s activities both now
            and in the future. This capital structure is detailed in the following notes:
            –– Debt: Interest bearing liabilities in note 13, and Commitments and contingencies in note 14;
            –– Equity: Contributed equity in note 15 and Reserves in note 16.
            Note 17 provides a breakdown of the working capital balances held in the Statement of Financial Position.



         Note 12 Capital and financial risk management
         Capital and financial risk management is carried out through a centralised treasury function which is governed by a Board
         approved Treasury Policy. The Group has an established governance structure which consists of the Group Management
         Committee and Capital Markets Committee.
         The Board has appointed a Group Management Committee responsible for achieving Dexus’s goals and objectives, including the
         prudent financial and risk management of the Group. A Capital Markets Committee has been established to advise the Group
         Management Committee.
         The Capital Markets Committee is a management committee that is accountable to the Board. It convenes at least quarterly and
         conducts a review of financial risk management exposures including liquidity, funding strategies and hedging. It is also responsible
         for the development of financial risk management policies and funding strategies for recommendation to the Board, and the
         approval of treasury transactions within delegated limits and powers.

         a) Capital risk management
         The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities within the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
         maximising the return to owners through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.
         The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to security holders. The
         Group continuously monitors its capital structure and it is managed in consideration of the following factors:
         –– the cost of capital and the financial risks associated with each class of capital;
         –– gearing levels and other debt covenants;
         –– potential impacts on net tangible assets and security holders’ equity;
         –– potential impacts on the Group’s credit rating; and
         –– other market factors.
         The Group has a stated target gearing level of 30% to 40%. The table below details the calculation of the gearing ratio in
         accordance with our primary financial covenant requirements.

                                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                                            $m               $m
         Total interest bearing liabilities 1                                                                                           3,648.7           3,164.5
         Total tangible assets   2
                                                                                                                                       15,666.6          13,367.8
         Gearing ratio                                                                                                                   23.3%             23.7%
         Gearing ratio (look-through)     3
                                                                                                                                         24.0%             24.1%

         1. Total interest bearing liabilities excludes deferred borrowing costs and includes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of cross currency swaps.
         2. Total tangible assets comprise total assets less intangible assets, derivatives and deferred tax balances.
         3. The look-through gearing ratio is adjusted for cash and debt in equity accounted investments and is not a financial covenant.
                                                                                                                            Dexus 2019 Annual Report       123




                    The Group is rated A- by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and A3 by Moody’s. The Group is required to comply with certain financial
                    covenants in respect of its interest bearing liabilities. During the 2019 and 2018 reporting periods, the Group was in compliance




For personal use only
                    with all of its financial covenants.
                    DXFM is the Responsible Entity for the managed investment schemes (DDF, DOT, DIT and DXO) that are stapled to form the Group.
                    DXFM has been issued with an Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL). The licence is subject to certain capital requirements
                    including the requirement to maintain liquidity above specified limits. DXFM must also prepare rolling cash projections over
                    at least the next 12 months and demonstrate it will have access to sufficient financial resources to meet its liabilities that are
                    expected to be payable over that period. Cash projections and assumptions are approved, at least quarterly, by the Board of the
                    Responsible Entity.
                    DWPL, a wholly owned entity, has been issued with an AFSL as it is the Responsible Entity for Dexus Wholesale Property Fund
                    (DWPF). Dexus Wholesale Management Limited (DWML), a wholly owned entity, has been issued with an AFSL as it is the trustee
                    of third party managed funds. These entities are subject to the capital requirements described above. Dexus Wholesale Funds
                    Limited (DWFL), a wholly owned entity, has been issued with an AFSL as it is the Responsible Entity for Healthcare Wholesale
                    Property Fund (HWPF). Dexus Investment Management Limited (DIML), a wholly owned entity, has been issued with an AFSL as
                    the Responsible Entity for Dexus Industrial Fund (DIF), a wholly owned entity. These entities are subject to the capital requirements
                    described above.

                    b) Financial risk management
                    The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
                    adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives,
                    comprise cash, bank loans and capital markets issuance. The main purpose of financial instruments is to manage liquidity and
                    hedge the Group’s exposure to financial risks namely:
                    –– interest rate risk;
                    –– foreign currency risk;
                    –– liquidity risk; and
                    –– credit risk.
                    The Group uses derivatives to reduce the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. These
                    derivatives create an obligation or a right that effectively transfers one or more of the risks associated with an underlying financial
                    instrument, asset or obligation. Derivative financial instruments that the Group may use to hedge its risks include:
                    –– interest rate swaps and interest rate options (together interest rate derivatives);
                    –– cross currency interest rate swaps; and
                    –– foreign exchange contracts.
                    The Group does not trade in derivative instruments for speculative purposes. The Group uses different methods to measure the
                    different types of risks to which it is exposed, including monitoring the current and forecast levels of exposure and conducting
                    sensitivity analysis.

                    i) Market risk
                    Interest rate risk
                    Interest rate risk arises from interest bearing financial assets and liabilities that the Group utilises. Non-derivative interest bearing
                    financial instruments are predominantly short term liquid assets and long term debt issued at fixed rates which expose the Group
                    to fair value interest rate risk as the Group may pay higher interest costs than if it were at variable rates. The Group’s borrowings
                    which have a variable interest rate give rise to cash flow interest rate risk due to movements in variable interest rates.
                    The Group’s risk management policy for interest rate risk seeks to minimise the effects of interest rate movements on its asset and
                    liability portfolio through active management of the exposures. The policy prescribes minimum and maximum hedging amounts
                    for the Group, which is managed on a portfolio basis.
                    The Group maintains a mix of offshore and local currency fixed rate and variable rate debt, as well as a mix of long term and
                    short term debt. The Group primarily enters into interest rate derivatives and cross currency interest rate swap agreements to
                    manage the associated interest rate risk. The Group hedges the interest rate and currency risk on its foreign currency borrowings
                    by entering into cross currency swaps, which have the economic effect of converting foreign currency borrowings to local currency
                    borrowings at contracted rates. The derivative contracts are recorded at fair value in the Statement of Financial Position, using
                    standard valuation techniques with market inputs.
                    As at 30 June 2019, 83% (2018: 88%) of the interest bearing liabilities of the Group were hedged. The average hedged percentage
                    for the financial year was 73% (2018: 70%).
         124       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 12 Capital and financial risk management continued




For personal use only
         b) Financial risk management continued
         i) Market risk continued
         Interest rate risk continued
         Interest rate derivatives require settlement of net interest receivable or payable generally each 90 or 180 days. The settlement
         dates coincide with the dates on which the interest is payable on the underlying debt. The receivable and payable legs on
         interest rate derivative contracts are settled on a net basis. The net notional amount of average fixed rate debt and interest rate
         derivatives in place in each year and the weighted average effective hedge rate is set out below:

                                                                           June 2020        June 2021      June 2022       June 2023      June 2024
                                                                                  $m              $m             $m              $m             $m
         A$ fixed rate debt                                                    1,425.8         1,405.0         1,342.5          1,148.3       953.3
         A$ hedged      1
                                                                                1,525.9        1,648.3         1,223.3         1,000.0        850.0
         Combined fixed rate debt and derivatives (A$ equivalent)               2,951.7        3,053.3         2,565.8          2,148.3      1,803.3
         Hedge rate (%)                                                         2.28%            2.15%          2.32%            2.38%        2.38%

         1. Amounts do not include fixed rate debt that has been swapped to floating rate debt through cross currency swaps.

         Sensitivity analysis on interest expense
         The table below shows the impact on the Group’s net interest expense of a 50 basis point movement in market interest rates. The
         sensitivity on cash flow arises due to the impact that a change in interest rates will have on the Group’s floating rate debt and
         derivative cash flows on average during the financial year. Net interest expense is only sensitive to movements in market rates to
         the extent that floating rate debt is not hedged.

                                                                                                                                   2019         2018
                                                                                                                               (+/-) $m     (+/-) $m
         +/- 0.50% (50 basis points)                                                                                               8.4           7.5
         Total A$ equivalent                                                                                                       8.4           7.5

         The movement in interest expense is proportional to the movement in interest rates.
         Sensitivity analysis on fair value of interest rate derivatives
         The sensitivity analysis on interest rate derivatives below shows the effect on net profit or loss of changes in the fair value of
         interest rate derivatives for a 50 basis point movement in short-term and long-term market interest rates. The sensitivity on fair
         value arises from the impact that changes in market rates will have on the valuation of the interest rate derivatives.
         The fair value of interest rate derivatives is calculated as the present value of estimated future cash flows on the instruments.
         Although interest rate derivatives are transacted for the purpose of providing the Group with an economic hedge, the Group has
         elected not to apply hedge accounting to these instruments. Accordingly, gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value are
         reflected in the profit or loss.

                                                                                                                                   2019         2018
                                                                                                                               (+/-) $m     (+/-) $m
         +/- 0.50% (50 basis points)                                                                                               25.1          19.1
         Total A$ equivalent                                                                                                       25.1          19.1
                                                                                                                              Dexus 2019 Annual Report       125




                    Sensitivity analysis on fair value of cross currency swaps
                    The sensitivity analysis on cross currency interest rate swaps below shows the effect on net profit or loss for changes in the fair




For personal use only
                    value for a 50 basis point increase and decrease in market rates. The sensitivity on fair value arises from the impact that changes
                    in short-term and long-term market rates will have on the valuation of the cross currency swaps. The sensitivity analysis excludes
                    the impact of hedge accounted cross currency swaps.

                                                                                                                                         2019           2018
                                                                                                                                     (+/-) $m       (+/-) $m
                    +/- 0.50% (50 basis points)                                                         US$ (A$ equivalent)               2.7            4.5
                    Total A$ equivalent                                                                                                   2.7            4.5

                    Foreign currency risk
                    Foreign currency risk refers to the risk that the value or the cash flows arising from a financial commitment, or recognised asset or
                    liability will fluctuate due to changes in foreign currency rates. The Group’s foreign currency risk arises primarily from:
                    –– highly probable forecast transactions denominated in foreign currency; and
                    –– borrowings denominated in foreign currency.
                    The objective of the Group’s foreign exchange risk management policy is to ensure that movements in exchange rates have
                    minimal adverse impact on the Group’s foreign currency assets and liabilities. Refer to note 13 for the USD foreign currency
                    exposures and management thereof via cross currency interest rate swaps.
                    Foreign currency assets and liabilities
                    Where foreign currency borrowings are used to fund Australian investments, the Group transacts cross currency swaps to reduce
                    the risk that movements in foreign exchange rates will have an impact on security holder equity and net tangible assets.

                    ii) Liquidity risk
                    Liquidity risk is associated with ensuring that there are sufficient funds available to meet the Group’s financial commitments as
                    and when they fall due and planning for any unforeseen events which may curtail cash flows. The Group identifies and manages
                    liquidity risk across the following categories:
                    –– short-term liquidity management covering the month ahead on a rolling basis with continuous monitoring of forecast and
                       actual cash flows;
                    –– medium-term liquidity management of liquid assets, working capital and standby facilities to cover Group cash requirements
                       over the next 1–24 month period. The Group maintains a level of committed borrowing facilities above the forecast committed
                       debt requirements (liquidity headroom buffer). Committed debt includes future expenditure that has been approved by the
                       Board or Investment Committee (as required within delegated limits); and
                    –– long-term liquidity management through ensuring an adequate spread of maturities of borrowing facilities so that refinancing
                       risk is not concentrated in certain time periods and ensuring an adequate diversification of funding sources where possible,
                       subject to market conditions.
                    Refinancing risk
                    Refinancing risk is the risk that the Group:
                    –– will be unable to refinance its debt facilities as they mature; and/or
                    –– will only be able to refinance its debt facilities at unfavourable interest rates and credit market conditions (margin price risk).
                    The Group’s key risk management strategy for margin price risk on refinancing is to spread the maturities of debt facilities over
                    different time periods to reduce the volume of facilities to be refinanced and the exposure to market conditions in any one period.
                    An analysis of the contractual maturities of the Group’s interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments is shown in
                    the table below. The amounts in the table represent undiscounted cash flows.
         126       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 12 Capital and financial risk management continued




For personal use only
         b) Financial risk management continued
         ii) Liquidity risk continued
         Refinancing risk continued

                                                                                   2019                                                2018

                                                                Within Between Between                  After      Within Between Between                    After
                                                                  one one and two and                     five       one one and two and                      five
                                                                 year two years five years              years       year two years five years               years
                                                                   $m       $m         $m                  $m         $m       $m         $m                   $m
         Payables                                               (188.8)           –             –           –        (149.7)          –             –            –
         Interest bearing liabilities & interest
              Fixed interest rate liabilities                    (190.9)     (437.3)      (1,110.8)   (2,300.1)     (329.0)       (171.2)      (914.4)    (2,253.1)
              Floating interest rate liabilities                 (418.5)     (190.5)        (821.1)    (310.0)       (35.8)      (517.8)       (699.2)     (256.4)
         Total interest bearing liabilities & interest 1        (609.4)      (627.8)      (1,931.9)   (2,610.1)     (364.8)      (689.0)      (1,613.6)   (2,509.5)
         Derivative financial liabilities
              Cash receipts                                        84.1       433.5         254.1      1,760.3        77.7         78.2        543.2       1,793.0
              Cash payments                                       (54.7)     (355.2)      (203.6)     (1,594.2)      (65.0)       (65.5)       (513.4)     (1,911.9)
         Total net derivative financial instrument 2              29.4         78.3          50.5        166.1         12.7        12.7          29.8        (118.9)

         1. Refer to note 13. Excludes deferred borrowing costs but includes estimated fees and interest.
         2. The notional maturities on derivatives are shown for cross currency interest rate swaps (refer to interest rate risk) as they are the only instruments
            where a principal amount is exchanged. For interest rate derivatives, only the net interest cash flows (not the notional principal) are included.
            Refer to note 12(c) for fair value of derivatives. Refer to note 14(b) for financial guarantees.

         iii) Credit risk
         Credit risk is the risk that the counterparty will not fulfil its obligations under the terms of a financial instrument and will cause
         financial loss to the Group. The Group has exposure to credit risk on all financial assets included in the Group’s Statement of
         Financial Position.
         The Group manages this risk by:
         –– adopting a process for determining an approved counterparty, with consideration of qualitative factors as well as the
            counterparty’s credit rating;
         –– regularly monitoring counterparty exposure within approved credit limits that are based on the lower of an S&P, Moody’s and
            Fitch credit rating. The exposure includes the current market value of in-the-money contracts and the potential exposure,
            which is measured with reference to credit conversion factors as per APRA guidelines;
         –– entering into International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreements once a financial institution
            counterparty is approved;
         –– for some trade receivables, obtaining collateral where necessary in the form of bank guarantees and tenant bonds; and
         –– regularly monitoring loans and receivables on an ongoing basis.
         A minimum S&P rating of A– (or Moody’s or Fitch equivalent) is required to become or remain an approved counterparty unless
         otherwise approved by the Dexus Board.
         The Group is exposed to credit risk on cash balances and on derivative financial instruments with financial institutions. The
         Group has a policy that sets limits as to the amount of credit exposure to each financial institution. New derivatives and cash
         transactions are limited to financial institutions that meet minimum credit rating criteria in accordance with the Group’s policy
         requirements.
         Financial instrument transactions are spread among a number of approved financial institutions within specified credit limits to
         minimise the Group’s exposure to any one counterparty. As a result, there is no significant concentration of credit risk for financial
         instruments. The maximum exposure to credit risk at 30 June 2019 is the carrying amounts of financial assets recognised on the
         Statement of Financial Position.
         The Group is exposed to credit risk on trade receivable balances. The Group has a policy to continuously assess and monitor the
         credit quality of trade debtors on an ongoing basis. Given the historical profile and exposure of the trade receivables, it has been
         determined that no significant concentrations of credit risk exists for trade receivables balances. The maximum exposure to credit
         risk at 30 June 2019 is the carrying amounts of the trade receivables recognised on the Statement of Financial Position.
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report       127




                    iv) Fair value
                    The Group uses the following methods in the determination and disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments:




For personal use only
                    Level 1: The fair value is calculated using quoted prices in active markets.
                    Level 2: The fair value is determined using inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                    liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
                    Level 3: The fair value is estimated using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable data.
                    All derivative financial instruments and investments in equity instruments (where the group neither controls nor has significant
                    influence) were measured at Level 2 for the periods presented in this report. During the year, there were no transfers between Level
                    1, 2 and 3 fair value measurements.
                    Since cash, receivables and payables are short-term in nature, their fair values are not materially different from their carrying
                    amounts. For the majority of the borrowings, the fair values are not materially different to their carrying amounts, since the
                    interest payable on those borrowings is either close to current market rates or the borrowings are of a short-term nature. Material
                    differences are identified only for the following borrowings:

                                                                                 2019                    2019                 2018                    2018
                                                                      Carrying Amount              Fair Value      Carrying Amount              Fair Value
                        Type                             Maturity                 ($m)                    ($m)                 ($m)                    ($m)
                    USD borrowing                            FY21                 356.2                 373.9                  337.9                355.0
                    USD borrowing                           FY24                   64.2                  66.5                  60.9                   60.1
                    USD borrowing                           FY25                  156.9                 165.5                 148.8                  148.4
                    USD borrowing                           FY26                  228.2                 232.3                  216.5                205.6
                    USD borrowing                           FY27                 442.0                  471.2                  419.4                 416.0
                    USD borrowing                           FY29                  178.2                  185.1                 169.1                  161.0
                    USD borrowing                           FY30                  299.4                 309.9                  284.1                 267.4
                    USD borrowing                           FY33                  249.5                 257.8                 236.8                  219.4


                         Key assumptions: fair value of derivatives and interest bearing liabilities
                         The fair value of derivatives and interest bearing liabilities has been determined based on observable market inputs (interest
                         rates, exchange rates and currency basis) and applying a credit or debit value adjustment based on the current credit
                         worthiness of counterparties and the Group.


                    v) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the Statement of Financial Position where there is a
                    legally enforceable right to set-off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the asset
                    and settle the liability simultaneously. No financial assets and liabilities are currently held under netting arrangements.
                    Master Netting arrangements – not currently enforceable
                    Agreements with derivative counterparties are based on an ISDA Master Agreement. Under the terms of these arrangements,
                    where certain credit events occur (such as default), the net position owing/receivable to a single counterparty in the same
                    currency will be taken as owing and all the relevant arrangements terminated. As the Group does not presently have a legally
                    enforceable right of set-off, these amounts have not been offset in the Statement of Financial Position.
         128       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 12 Capital and financial risk management continued




For personal use only
         c) Derivative financial instruments
         A derivative is a type of financial instrument typically used to manage risk. A derivative’s value changes over time in response to
         underlying variables including interest rates or exchange rates and is entered into for a fixed period. A hedge is where a derivative
         is used to manage an underlying exposure and the Group uses derivatives to manage its exposure to interest rates and foreign
         exchange risk accordingly.
         Written policies and limits are approved by the Board of Directors of the Responsible Entity, in relation to the use of financial
         instruments to manage financial risks. The Responsible Entity regularly reviews the Group’s exposures and updates its treasury
         policies and procedures. The Group does not trade in derivative instruments for speculative purposes.
         Derivatives including interest rate derivatives, cross currency swaps, and foreign exchange contracts, are measured at fair value
         with any changes in fair value recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
         At inception the Group can elect to formally designate and document the relationship between certain hedge derivative
         instruments (cross currency interest rate swaps only) and the associated hedged items (foreign currency bonds only), along with its
         risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions.
         The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the financial instrument
         is effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. The hedging
         relationship is deemed effective when all of the following requirements are met:
         –– there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
         –– the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and
         –– the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
            actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
         The Group uses cross currency interest rate swap contracts to hedge interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk. The Group
         designates the cross currency interest rate swap contracts in:
         –– fair value hedges against changing interest rates on foreign currency fixed rate borrowings;
         –– cash flow hedges or fair value hedges against foreign currency exposure on foreign currency borrowings;
         The foreign currency basis spread of a cross currency interest rate swap is excluded from the designation of that financial
         instrument as the hedging instrument. Changes in fair value of the foreign currency basis spread of a financial instrument is
         accumulated in the foreign currency basis spread reserve, and are amortised to profit or loss on a rational basis over the term of
         the hedging relationship.
         As the critical terms of the cross currency interest rate swap contracts and their corresponding hedged items match, the Group
         performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness. The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedge relationships is the
         effect of the counterparty and the Group’s own credit risk on the fair value of the cross currency interest rate swap contracts,
         which is not reflected in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the change in interest rates. No other sources of
         ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships.
         The Group has applied the hedge ratio of 1:1 to all hedge relationships.

         Fair value hedge
         A fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of an asset or liability that is attributable to a particular risk
         and could affect the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Changes in the fair value of derivatives (hedging instruments) that are
         designated as fair value hedges are recorded in profit or loss, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or
         liability that are attributable to the hedged risk (hedged item).
         If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged item for
         which the effective interest method is used is amortised to profit or loss over the period to maturity using a recalculated effective
         interest rate.
                                                                                                                                       Dexus 2019 Annual Report            129




                    Cash flow hedge
                    A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows attributable to a particular risk to a highly probable




For personal use only
                    forecast transaction pertaining to an asset or liability. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are
                    designated as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income in equity via the cash flow hedge reserve. Amounts
                    accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss. Any gain or loss
                    related to ineffectiveness is recognised in profit or loss immediately.
                    Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires, is terminated, is no longer in an effective hedge
                    relationship, is de-designated, or the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur. The fair value gain or loss of derivatives
                    recorded in equity is recognised in profit or loss over the period that the forecast transaction is recorded in profit or loss. If the
                    forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is recognised in profit or loss immediately.

                                                                                                                                                     2019             2018
                                                                                                                                                      $m               $m
                    Current assets
                    Interest rate derivative contracts                                                                                                  –              2.6
                    Cross currency swap contracts                                                                                                    15.5              14.9
                    Other derivatives                                                                                                                   –              6.6
                    Total current assets – derivative financial instruments                                                                          15.5              24.1
                    Non-current assets
                    Interest rate derivative contracts                                                                                                0.9              2.8
                    Cross currency swap contracts                                                                                                   516.2           308.0
                    Total non-current assets – derivative financial instruments                                                                      517.1           310.8
                    Current liabilities
                    Interest rate derivative contracts                                                                                                17.8             5.5
                    Cross currency swap contracts                                                                                                       –                  1.2
                    Other derivatives                                                                                                                  0.1                  –
                    Total current liabilities – derivative financial instruments                                                                      17.9             6.7
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Interest rate derivative contracts                                                                                               47.8             21.5
                    Cross currency swap contracts                                                                                                    43.4              57.1
                    Exchangeable note contracts 1                                                                                                    14.4                   –
                    Total non-current liabilities – derivative financial instruments                                                                105.6             78.6
                    Net derivative financial instruments                                                                                            409.1            249.6

                    1. Refer to note 13 (f) for description of this derivative financial instrument.

                    Effects of hedge accounting on the financial position and performance – Quantitative information
                    The following table details the notional principal amounts and remaining terms of the hedging instrument (cross currency interest
                    rate swap) at the end of the financial year:

                                                                                                               Notional Amount of the Hedging Instrument ($m)

                                                                                                          Under 1 year        1–2 years        2–5 years     Over 5 years
                    Foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk – Cross currency interest
                    rate swap (hedging foreign currency debt) 1
                        Average contracted FX rate (AUD/USD)                                                    0.8699           0.8699           0.8693           0.7984
                        Average contracted fixed USD rate                                                       2.6433           2.6433           2.6402           2.4229
                        Average notional amount                                                                 1,304.7          1,304.7          3,887.7          5,012.7
                    Interest rate risk – Cross currency interest rate swap
                    (hedging foreign currency debt) 1
                        Average contracted fixed USD rate                                                        1.3889           1.3889           1.3875           1.4012
                        Average notional amount                                                                 1,304.7          1,304.7          3,887.7          5,012.7

                    1. Cross currency interest rate swaps totalling $1,135.0 million (notional) have been split into cash flow hedge and fair value hedge relationships.
         130       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 12 Capital and financial risk management continued




For personal use only
         c) Derivative financial instruments continued
         Effects of hedge accounting on the financial position and performance – Quantitative information continued
         The following tables detail information regarding the cross currency interest rate swaps designated in cash flow hedge or fair
         value hedge relationships at the end of the reporting period and their related hedged items.

                                                                                                                                   Cash flow         Fair value
                                                                                                                                     hedges            hedges
                                                                                                                                        Cross             Cross
                                                                                                                                    currency          currency
                                                                                                                                      interest          interest
                                                                                                                                  rate swaps        rate swaps
                                                                                                                                          ($m)              ($m)
         Current notional principal value of the hedging instrument                                                                    1,135.0           1,135.0
         Carrying amount of the hedging instrument assets/(liabilities)      1
                                                                                                                                            17.8          367.7
         Change in fair value of the hedging instrument used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness                                          17.8          372.3
         Current notional amount of the hedged item                                                                                        (17.8)      (1,688.4)
         Change in value of the hedged item used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness                                                     (30.5)        (383.8)
         Balance in cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                (17.8)          n/a
         Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income              2
                                                                                                                                              –             (5.7)

         1. The carrying amount is Included in the “Derivative Financial Instruments” line items in the Statement of Financial Position.
         2. Included in the “Net fair value loss of derivatives” line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

         The cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging instruments deemed effective
         in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the
         hedged transaction impacts the profit or loss.

                                                                                                                                                      Foreign
                                                                                                                                                    exchange
                                                                                                                                                          risk
          Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                                         ($m)
         Balance at 1 July 2018 (before tax)                                                                                                               17.4
         Movement
              Gain/(loss) arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments during the period                                                        10.6
              Changes in fair value of foreign currency basis spread during the period                                                                    (14.3)
         Transfer out
              (Gain)/loss reclassified to profit or loss – hedged item has affected profit or loss                                                         (5.4)
              (Gain)/loss arising on changes in fair value of foreign currency basis spread during the period                                               4.8
         Balance at 30 June 2019 (before tax)                                                                                                               13.1
                                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report         131




                    Note 13 Interest bearing liabilities
                    Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value net of transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the




For personal use only
                    effective interest rate method. Under the effective interest rate method, any transaction fees, costs, discounts and premiums directly
                    related to the borrowings are capitalised to borrowings and amortised in profit or loss over the expected life of the borrowings.
                    If there is an effective fair value hedge of borrowings, a fair value adjustment will be applied based on the mark to market
                    movement in the benchmark component of the borrowings. This movement is recognised in the profit or loss. Refer note 12(c)
                    Capital and financial risk management for further detail.
                    All borrowings with contractual maturities greater than 12 months after reporting date are classified as non-current liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                      2019             2018
                                                                                                                                     Note              $m               $m
                    Current
                    Unsecured
                    Bank loans                                                                                                                         70.0               –
                    Medium term notes                                                                                                   (e)               –           205.1
                    Total unsecured                                                                                                                    70.0           205.1
                    Total current liabilities – interest bearing liabilities                                                                           70.0           205.1
                    Non-current
                    Unsecured
                    US senior notes 1                                                                                                (a),(b)        2,369.6         2,065.7
                    Bank loans                                                                                                          (c)          640.0           520.0
                    Commercial paper                                                                                                    (d)          100.0            100.0
                    Medium term notes                                                                                                   (e)          509.3           480.3
                    Exchangeable notes                                                                                                   (f)         395.2                –
                    Total unsecured                                                                                                                 4,014.1         3,166.0
                    Deferred borrowing costs                                                                                                           (17.5)          (11.5)
                    Total non-current liabilities – interest bearing liabilities                                                                    3,996.6         3,154.5
                    Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                             4,066.6          3,359.6

                    1. Includes cumulative fair value adjustments amounting to $70.0 million (2018: $57.8 million) in relation to effective fair value hedges.

                    Financing arrangements
                    The following table summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financing arrangements:

                                                                                                                                                   Utilised 1 Facility Limit
                    Type of facility                               Notes             Currency          Security           Maturity Date                  $m              $m
                    US senior notes (144A)                              (a)                US$      Unsecured                      Mar-21            356.2            356.2
                    US Senior notes (USPP)   1
                                                                        (b)                US$      Unsecured          Jul-23 to Nov-32             1,618.4         1,618.4
                    US Senior notes (USPP)                              (b)                 A$      Unsecured          Jun-28 to Oct-38              325.0           325.0
                    Medium term notes                                   (e)                 A$      Unsecured         Nov-22 to Aug-38               509.3            509.3
                    Exchangeable note                                   (f)                 A$      Unsecured                     Jun-26             395.2            395.2
                    Commercial paper                                    (d)                 A$      Unsecured                     Sep-22             100.0           100.0
                    Multi-option revolving credit facilities            (c)    Multi Currency       Unsecured          Nov-19 to Nov-24               710.0         1,700.0
                    Total                                                                                                                           4,014.1         5,004.1
                    Bank guarantee in place                                                                                                           (69.0)
                    Unused at balance date                                                                                                            921.0

                    1. Includes drawn amounts and excludes fair value adjustments recorded in interest bearing liabilities in relation to effective fair value hedges.

                    Each of the Group’s unsecured borrowing facilities are supported by guarantee arrangements, and have negative pledge
                    provisions which limit the amount and type of encumbrances that the Group can have over their assets and ensures that all senior
                    unsecured debt ranks pari passu.
         132       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 13 Interest bearing liabilities continued




For personal use only
         Financing arrangements continued
         a) US senior notes (144A)
         This includes a total of US$250.0 million (A$356.2 million) of US senior notes with a maturity of March 2021. The USD exposure is
         economically hedged using cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional value of US$250.0 million.

         b) US senior notes (USPP)
         This includes a total of US$1,135.0 million and A$325.0 million (A$1,943.4 million) of US senior notes with a weighted average maturity
         of October 2028. US$1,135.0 million is designated as an accounting hedge using cross currency interest rate swaps with the same
         notional value.

         c) Multi-option revolving credit facilities
         This includes 17 facilities maturing between November 2019 and November 2024 with a weighted average maturity of July 2022.
         A$69.0 million is utilised as bank guarantees for AFSL requirements and other business requirements including developments.

         d) Commercial paper
         This includes a total of A$100.0 million of Commercial Paper which is supported by a standby facility of A$100.0 million with a
         maturity of September 2022. The standby facility has same day availability.

         e) Medium term notes
         This includes a total of A$505.0 million of Medium Term Notes with a weighted average maturity of January 2026. The remaining
         A$4.3 million is the net premium on the issue of these instruments.

         f) Exchangeable notes
         On 19 March 2019, the Group issued Exchangeable Notes with a face value totalling $425 million. The notes are exchangeable into
         approximately 28.2 million securities after 40 days from settlement, at the election of the holder, until 19 March 2024. The holders
         have an option to put the notes to the issuer for face value 60 days prior but not later than 30 days after 19 March 2024. On
         expiration of the put option, the notes continue to be exchangeable until 10 days prior to maturity on 19 June 2026. Any securities
         issued on exchange will rank equally with existing securities. As at 30 June 2019, no notes have been exchanged.

         Exchange price 1                                                                                                                          $15.00
         Coupon (per annum)                                                                                                                        2.30%
         Notes on issue at 30 June 2019                                                                                                        4,250,000

         1. The exchange price has been adjusted for any subsequent equity raises completed at greater than 5% discount to the five day VWAP prior to
            the raise. The price will also be adjusted in the event of any Dexus distributions which exceed quoted thresholds in the Exchangeable Note terms
            and conditions.

         The exchangeable notes contain an embedded derivative as the issuer has the option to settle the exchange in shares or cash to
         an equivalent value. The embedded derivative, which is measured at fair value, is deducted from the host contract and recorded
         separately. The host contract is subsequently measured at amortised cost.
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report       133




                    Note 14 Commitments and contingencies




For personal use only
                    a) Commitments
                    Capital commitments
                    The following amounts represent remaining capital expenditure on investment properties and inventories contracted at the end of
                    each reporting period but not recognised as liabilities payable:

                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                                      $m             $m
                    Investment properties                                                                                            129.6          289.5
                    Inventories                                                                                                      108.1             1.2
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                               276.5           48.6
                    Total capital commitments                                                                                        514.2          339.3

                    Lease payable commitments
                    Lease amounts to be paid includes future amounts to be paid on non-cancellable operating leases, not recognised in the
                    financial statements at balance date. The future minimum lease payments payable by the Group are:

                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                                      $m             $m
                    Within one year                                                                                                    3.8             7.4
                    Later than one year but not later than five years                                                                  9.0           21.7
                    Later than five years                                                                                              8.4            3.4
                    Total lease payable commitments                                                                                   21.2           32.5

                    Lease receivable commitments
                    The future minimum lease payments receivable by the Group are:

                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                                      $m             $m
                    Within one year                                                                                                 489.8          508.3
                    Later than one year but not later than five years                                                              1,862.0        1,864.9
                    Later than five years                                                                                           627.0          625.0
                    Total lease receivable commitments                                                                             2,978.8        2,998.2


                    b) Contingencies
                    DDF, together with DIT, DOT and DXO, is a guarantor of A$5,004.1 million of interest bearing liabilities (refer to note 13). The
                    guarantees have been given in support of debt outstanding and drawn against these facilities and may be called upon in the
                    event that a borrowing entity has not complied with certain requirements such as failure to pay interest or repay a borrowing,
                    whichever is earlier. During the period no guarantees were called.
                    The Group has bank guarantees of $69.0 million, comprising $43.2 million held to comply with the terms of the Australian Financial
                    Services Licences (AFSL) and $25.8 million largely in respect of developments.
                    The above guarantees are issued in respect of the Group and represent an additional liability to those already existing in interest
                    bearing liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
                    The Directors of the Responsible Entity are not aware of any other contingent liabilities in relation to the Group, other than those
                    disclosed in the Financial Statements, which should be brought to the attention of security holders as at the date of completion
                    of this report.
                    Outgoings are excluded from contingencies as they are expensed when incurred.
         134       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 15 Contributed equity




For personal use only
         Number of securities on issue
                                                                                                                      2019                    2018
                                                                                                                     No. of                  No. of
                                                                                                                  securities              securities
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                          1,017,196,877           1,016,967,300
         Issue of additional equity                                                                              79,660,788                 437,242
         Buy-back of contributed equity                                                                                    –               (207,665)
         Closing balance at the end of the year                                                               1,096,857,665            1,017,196,877

         Each stapled security ranks equally with all other stapled securities for the purposes of distributions and on termination of the Group.
         Each stapled security entitles the holder to vote in accordance with the provisions of the Constitutions and the Corporations Act 2001.
         Transaction costs arising on the issue of equity instruments are recognised directly in equity (net of tax) as a reduction of the
         proceeds of the equity instruments to which the costs relate. Transaction costs are the costs that are incurred directly in connection
         with the issue of those equity instruments and which would not have been incurred had those instruments not been issued.
         On 3 May 2019, Dexus successfully completed a $900 million institutional placement to partly fund the acquisition of a 75% interest
         in 80 Collins Street, Melbourne (refer note 9). In satisfaction of the placement, Dexus issued 74.4 million new securities at a fixed
         price of $12.10. These securities rank equally with existing Dexus securities and will be entitled to the full distribution for the six
         months ended 30 June 2019.
         In June 2019, Dexus completed a Security Purchase Plan (SPP) where it raised $63.9 million of equity, issuing 5.3 million new
         securities at a fixed price of $12.10. These securities rank equally with existing Dexus securities and will be entitled to the full
         distribution for the six months ended 30 June 2019.
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report       135




                    Note 16 Reserves




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                                      $m             $m
                    Asset revaluation reserve                                                                                         42.7           42.7
                    Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                           17.8           (12.5)
                    Foreign currency basis spread reserve                                                                             (4.6)             –
                    Security-based payments reserve                                                                                   16.3           12.5
                    Treasury securities reserve                                                                                      (18.5)         (15.5)
                    Total reserves                                                                                                    53.7           27.2
                    Movements:
                    Asset revaluation reserve
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                      42.7           42.7
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                            42.7           42.7
                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     (12.5)           6.9
                    Change in accounting policy adjustment (AASB 9 opening balance restatement)                                       29.9              –
                    Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                     0.4            (19.4)
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                            17.8           (12.5)
                    Foreign currency basis spread reserve
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the period                                                                      –               –
                    Changes in cost of hedge reserve                                                                                  (4.6)             –
                    Closing balance at the end of the period                                                                          (4.6)             –
                    Security-based payments reserve
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                      12.5           10.8
                    Issue of securities to employees                                                                                  (4.6)          (3.3)
                    Security-based payments expense                                                                                    8.4            5.0
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                            16.3           12.5
                    Treasury securities reserve
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     (15.5)          (11.7)
                    Issue of securities to employees                                                                                   6.4            3.3
                    Purchase of securities                                                                                            (9.4)           (7.1)
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                           (18.5)         (15.5)


                    Nature and purpose of reserves
                    Asset revaluation reserve
                    The asset revaluation reserve is used to record the fair value adjustment arising on a business combination.

                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                    The cash flow hedge reserve is used to record the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated
                    as cash flow hedges.

                    Foreign currency basis spread reserve
                    The foreign currency basis spread reserve is used to record the changes in the fair value of cross currency derivatives attributable
                    to movements in foreign currency basis spreads, and represents a cost of hedging.

                    Security-based payment reserve
                    The security-based payment reserve is used to recognise the fair value of performance rights to be issued under the Deferred
                    Short Term Incentive Plans (DSTI) and the Long Term Incentive Plans (LTI). Refer to note 21 for further details.

                    Treasury securities reserve
                    The treasury securities reserve is used to record the acquisition of securities purchased to fulfil the obligations of the Deferred
                    Short Term Incentive Plans (DSTI) and the Long Term Incentive Plans (LTI). As at 30 June 2019, DXS held 1,580,175 stapled securities
                    which includes acquisitions of 813,443 and unit vesting of 680,177 (2018: 1,645,469).
         136       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Capital and financial risk management and working capital
         continued

         Note 17 Working capital




For personal use only
         a) Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions and other short-term, highly
         liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
         are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

         b) Receivables
         Rental income and management fees are brought to account on an accruals basis. Dividends and distributions are recognised
         when declared and, if not received at the end of the reporting period, reflected in the Statement of Financial Position as
         a receivable.
         Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
         interest rate method, less provision for doubtful debts. Trade receivables are required to be settled within 30 days and are
         assessed on an ongoing basis for impairment. Receivables which are known to be uncollectable are written off by reducing the
         carrying amount directly.
         A provision for doubtful debts is recognised for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets. The expected
         credit losses are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
         are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction
         of conditions at the reporting date. The provision for doubtful debts is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the
         present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. Cash flows relating to short-term
         receivables are not discounted as the effect of discounting is immaterial.

                                                                                                                          2019           2018
                                                                                                                           $m             $m
         Rent receivable 1                                                                                                 17.3           13.3
         Less: provision for doubtful debts                                                                                (0.1)            –
         Total rental receivables                                                                                          17.2           13.3
         Distributions receivable                                                                                          49.1          22.9
         Fee receivable                                                                                                   58.5           20.5
         Other receivables                                                                                                22.7             6.7
         Total other receivables                                                                                         130.3           50.1
         Total receivables                                                                                                147.5          63.4

         1. Rent receivable includes outgoings.

         c) Other current assets
                                                                                                                          2019           2018
                                                                                                                           $m             $m
         Prepayments                                                                                                      15.4            16.6
         Other                                                                                                              1.7           11.2
         Total other current assets                                                                                        17.1          27.8
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report        137




                    d) Payables




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       2019           2018
                                                                                                                                        $m             $m
                    Trade creditors                                                                                                    43.5              21.2
                    Accruals                                                                                                               12.1          11.7
                    Accrued capital expenditure                                                                                            86.1       63.2
                    Prepaid income                                                                                                         13.3       20.6
                    Accrued interest                                                                                                   30.4           30.1
                    Other payables                                                                                                         3.4            2.9
                    Total payables                                                                                                    188.8          149.7


                    e) Provisions
                    A provision is recognised when an obligation exists as a result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of cash or
                    other benefit will be required to settle the obligation.
                    In accordance with the Trust’s Constitution, the Group distributes its distributable income to unitholders by cash or reinvestment.
                    Distributions are provided for when they are approved by the Board of Directors and declared.
                    Provision for employee benefits relates to the liabilities for wages, salaries, annual leave and long service leave.
                    Liabilities for employee benefits for wages, salaries and annual leave expected to be settled within 12 months represent present
                    obligations resulting from employees’ services provided to the end of the reporting period. They are measured based on
                    remuneration wage and salary rates that the Group expects to pay at the end of the reporting period including related on-costs,
                    such as workers compensation, insurance and payroll tax.
                    The provision for employee benefits for long service leave represents the present value of the estimated future cash outflows,
                    to be made resulting from employees’ services provided to the end of the reporting period.
                    The provision is calculated using expected future increases in wage and salary rates including related on-costs and expected
                    settlement dates based on turnover history and is discounted using the Australian Corporate Bond Index rates at the end of the
                    reporting period that most closely matches the term of the maturity of the related liabilities. The provision for employee benefits
                    also includes the employee incentives schemes which are shown separately in note 21.

                                                                                                                                       2019           2018
                                                                                                                                        $m             $m
                    Provision for distribution                                                                                        252.3         245.3
                    Provision for employee benefits                                                                                        31.9       26.4
                    Total current provisions                                                                                          284.2          271.7

                    Movements in each class of provision during the financial year, other than employee benefits, are set out below:

                                                                                                                                       2019           2018
                                                                                                                                        $m             $m
                    Provision for distribution
                    Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                      245.3          241.6
                    Additional provisions                                                                                             529.0         486.4
                    Payment of distributions                                                                                         (522.0)       (482.7)
                    Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                            252.3         245.3

                    A provision for distribution has been raised for the period ended 30 June 2019. This distribution is to be paid on 29 August 2019.
         138       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Other disclosures



            In this section




For personal use only
            This section includes other information that must be disclosed to comply with the Accounting Standards, the Corporations
            Act 2001 or the Corporations Regulations, but which are not considered critical in understanding the financial performance
            or position of the Group.



         Note 18 Intangible assets
         Management rights represent the asset management rights owned by Dexus Holdings Pty Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary
         of DXO, which entitles it to management fee revenue from both finite life trusts and indefinite life trusts. Those rights that are
         deemed to have a finite useful life (held at a value of $3.3 million (2018: $3.7 million) are measured at cost and amortised using
         the straight‑line method over their estimated remaining useful lives of 10 years. Management rights that are deemed to have
         an indefinite life are held at a value of $286.0 million (2018: $286.0 million).
         Software is measured at cost and amortised using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, expected to be three to
         five years.

                                                                                                                           2019           2018
                                                                                                                            $m             $m
         Management rights
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     289.8          290.1
         Amortisation charge                                                                                               (0.4)          (0.3)
         Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                           289.4          289.8
              Cost                                                                                                        294.4          294.4
              Accumulated amortisation                                                                                     (5.0)              (4.6)
              Total management rights                                                                                     289.4          289.8
         Goodwill
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                        1.1               1.2
         Impairment                                                                                                         (0.1)             (0.1)
         Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                             1.0                1.1
              Cost                                                                                                          3.0               3.0
              Accumulated impairment                                                                                       (2.0)              (1.9)
              Total goodwill                                                                                                1.0                1.1
         Software
         Opening balance at the beginning of the year                                                                      23.7           18.2
         Additions                                                                                                         14.0           10.9
         Amortisation charge                                                                                               (6.0)              (5.4)
         Closing balance at the end of the year                                                                            31.7           23.7
              Cost                                                                                                         48.7           37.5
              Accumulated amortisation                                                                                     (17.0)         (13.8)
              Cost – Fully amortised assets written off                                                                     (7.2)             (2.8)
              Accumulated amortisation – Fully amortised assets written off                                                 7.2               2.8
              Total software                                                                                               31.7           23.7
         Total non-current intangible assets                                                                              322.1          314.6
                                                                                                                          Dexus 2019 Annual Report     139




                    Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets
                    of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition.




For personal use only
                    Goodwill and management rights with an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
                    impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. An impairment
                    loss is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds
                    its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the
                    purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows,
                    which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).
                    During the year, management carried out a review of the recoverable amount of its management rights. There was no change in
                    the carrying value of the management rights in the current year.
                    The value in use has been determined using Board approved long-term forecasts in a five year discounted cash flow model
                    and applying a terminal value in year five. Forecasts were based on projected returns of the business in light of current
                    market conditions.


                        Key assumptions: value in use of management rights
                        Judgement is required in determining the following key assumptions used to calculate the value in use:
                        –– Terminal capitalisation rate range of between 10.0%–20.0% (2018: 10.0%–20.0%) was used incorporating an appropriate risk
                           premium for a management business.
                        –– Cash flows have been discounted at 9.0% (2018: 9.0%) based on externally published weighted average cost of capital for
                           an appropriate peer group plus an appropriate premium for risk. A 1.0% (2018: 1.0%) decrease in the discount rate would
                           increase the valuation by $24.0 million (2018: $20.0 million).



                    Note 19 Audit, taxation and transaction service fees
                    During the year, the Auditor and its related practices earned the following remuneration:

                                                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                                                                    $'000          $'000
                    Audit fees
                    PwC Australia – audit and review of Financial Statements                                                         1,596          1,404
                    PwC fees paid in relation to outgoings audits                                                                      122            138
                    PwC Australia – regulatory audit and compliance services                                                           213            378
                    PwC Australia – sustainability assurance                                                                           90              75
                    Audit fees paid to PwC                                                                                           2,021          1,995
                    Taxation fees
                    Fees paid to PwC Australia and New Zealand                                                                         30              24
                    Taxation fees paid to PwC                                                                                          30              24
                    Total audit and taxation fees paid to PwC                                                                        2,051          2,019
                    Transaction services fees
                    Fees paid to PwC Australia in respect of the Healthcare establishment                                                –            30
                    Fees paid to PWC Australia in respect of the acquisition of 80 Collins St                                          90                  –
                    Fees paid to PwC Australia – other                                                                                 112             99
                    Total transaction services fees paid to PwC                                                                       202             129
                    Total audit, taxation and transaction services fees paid to PwC                                                  2,253          2,148
         140       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Other disclosures
         continued

         Note 20 Cash flow information




For personal use only
         a) Reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities
         Reconciliation of net profit after income tax to net cash inflows from operating activities:

                                                                                                          2019      2018
                                                                                                           $m        $m
         Net profit/(loss) for the year                                                                 1,281.0    1,728.9
         Capitalised interest                                                                            (24.4)      (13.1)
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                                    10.3         9.2
         Impairment of inventories                                                                           –        0.6
         Net fair value (gain)/loss of investment properties                                            (455.4)    (854.2)
         Share of net (profit)/loss of investments accounted for using the equity method                (535.6)    (535.8)
         Net fair value (gain)/loss of derivatives                                                       (146.1)     79.9
         Net fair value (gain)/loss of interest rate swaps                                                34.9        (2.4)
         Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                          3.9        3.9
         Net (gain)/loss on sale of investment properties                                                 (0.4)       (1.7)
         Net fair value gain/(loss) of interest bearing liabilities                                       127.8     (85.8)
         Distributions from investments accounted for using the equity method                            214.8      331.0
         Change in operating assets and liabilities
              (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                         (56.6)       8.9
             (Increase)/decrease in prepaid expenses                                                       11.3      (4.0)
             (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                           (17.4)     (37.8)
             (Increase)/decrease in other current assets                                                   (1.8)      (9.0)
             (Increase)/decrease in other non-current assets                                               0.3       22.5
              Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                             38.6      (24.4)
              Increase/(decrease) in current liabilities                                                   5.5       (13.4)
              Increase/(decrease) in other non-current liabilities                                          6.7       (1.4)
              (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets                                                   (4.3)       7.8
         Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities                                             493.1      609.7
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report        141




                    b) Net debt reconciliation
                    Reconciliation of net debt movements:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       2019                 2018

                                                                                                                    Interest        Interest       Loans with
                                                                                                                    bearing         bearing           related
                                                                                                                  liabilities     liabilities         parties
                                                                                                                          $m              $m               $m
                    Opening balance                                                                                 3,359.8         2,697.8             149.0
                    Changes from financing cash flows
                    Proceeds from borrowings                                                                        4,914.0         2,599.0                –
                    Repayment of borrowings                                                                         (4,399.8)       (1,921.2)              –
                    Repayment of loan with related party                                                                   –               –           (149.0)
                    Non cash changes
                    Movement in deferred borrowing costs and other                                                     (36.0)            (1.2)             –
                    The effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                   100.8             71.2               –
                    Fair value hedge adjustment                                                                        127.8           (85.8)              –
                    Closing balance                                                                                 4,066.6         3,359.8                –


                    Note 21 Security-based payment
                    The DXFM Board has approved a grant of performance rights to DXS stapled securities to eligible participants. Awards, via the
                    Deferred Short Term Incentive Plans (DSTI) and Long Term Incentive Plans (LTI), will be in the form of performance rights awarded
                    to eligible participants which convert to DXS stapled securities for nil consideration subject to satisfying specific service and
                    performance conditions.
                    For each Plan, the eligible participants will be granted performance rights, based on performance against agreed key
                    performance indicators, as a percentage of their remuneration mix. Participants must remain in employment for the vesting period
                    in order for the performance rights to vest. The fair value of the performance rights is adjusted to reflect market vesting conditions.
                    Non-market vesting conditions, including Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO), Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE) and
                    employment status at vesting, are included in assumptions about the number of performance rights that are expected to vest.
                    When performance rights vest, the Group will arrange for the allocation and delivery of the appropriate number of securities to
                    the participant.
                    The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in the
                    security-based payment reserve in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the
                    performance rights granted.
         142       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Other disclosures
         continued

         Note 21 Security-based payment continued




For personal use only
            Key assumptions: fair value of performance rights granted
            Judgement is required in determining the fair value of performance rights granted. In accordance with AASB 2 Share-based
            Payment, fair value is determined independently using Binomial and Monte Carlo pricing models with reference to:
            –– the expected life of the rights
            –– the security price at grant date
            –– the expected price volatility of the underlying security
            –– the expected distribution yield
            –– the risk free interest rate for the term of the rights and expected total security-holder returns (where applicable)


         The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are
         to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of performance rights that are expected
         to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revised estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss with
         a corresponding adjustment to equity.

         a) Deferred Short Term Incentive Plan
         25% of any award under the Short Term Incentive Plan (STI) for certain participants will be deferred and awarded in the form of
         performance rights to DXS securities.
         50% of the performance rights awards will vest one year after grant and 50% of the awards will vest two years after grant,
         subject to participants satisfying employment service conditions. In accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payment, the year of
         employment in which participants become eligible for the DSTI, the year preceding the grant, is included in the vesting period
         over which the fair value of the performance rights is amortised. Consequently, 50% of the fair value of the performance rights is
         amortised over two years and 50% of the award is amortised over three years.
         The number of performance rights granted in respect of the year ended 30 June 2019 was 410,171 (2018: 263,222) and the fair value
         of these performance rights is $12.98 (2018: $9.88) per performance right. The total security-based payment expense recognised
         during the year ended 30 June 2019 was $3,395,774 (2018: $2,585,116).

         b) Long Term Incentive Plan
         50% of the awards will vest three years after grant and 50% of the awards will vest four years after grant, subject to participants
         satisfying employment service conditions and performance hurdles. In accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payment, the year
         of employment in which participants become eligible for the LTI, the year preceding the grant, is included in the vesting period
         over which the fair value of the performance rights is amortised. Consequently, 50% of the fair value of the performance rights is
         amortised over four years and 50% of the award is amortised over five years.
         The number of performance rights granted in respect of the year ended 30 June 2019 was 594,094 (2018: 465,701). The weighted
         average fair value of these performance rights is $11.75 (2018: $9.02) per performance right. The total security-based payment
         expense recognised during the year ended 30 June 2019 was $3,470,130 (2018: $3,231,041).
                                                                                                                       Dexus 2019 Annual Report    143




                    Note 22 Related parties




For personal use only
                    Responsible Entity and Investment Manager
                    DXH is the parent entity of DXFM, the Responsible Entity of DDF, DIT, DOT and DXO and the Trustee of DOTA and the investment
                    manager for DITA.
                    DXH is also the parent entity of DWPL and DWFL, the Responsible Entities of DWPF and HWPF respectively.
                    DXH is the Investment Manager of DOTA.

                    Management Fees
                    Under the terms of the Constitutions of the entities within the Group, the Responsible Entity and Investment Manager are
                    entitled to receive fees in relation to the management of the Group. DXFM’s parent entity, DXH, is entitled to be reimbursed for
                    administration expenses incurred on behalf of the Group. Dexus Property Services Pty Limited (DXPS), a wholly owned subsidiary
                    of DXH, is entitled to property management fees from the Group.
                    The Group received Responsible Entity and other Management Fees from the unlisted property funds managed by DXS during the
                    financial year.

                    Related party transactions
                    Transactions between the consolidated entity and related parties were made on commercial terms and conditions. All agreements
                    with third party funds and joint ventures are conducted on normal commercial terms and conditions.

                    Transactions with related parties
                                                                                                                                  2019          2018
                                                                                                                                 $'000         $'000
                    Responsible Entity & asset management fee income                                                           106,022        70,450
                    Property management fee income                                                                              40,106         24,841
                    Rent paid                                                                                                     3,012         2,760
                    Responsible Entity fees receivable at the end of each reporting year (included above)                        19,224         6,572
                    Property management fees receivable at the end of each reporting year (included above)                       9,505          2,612
                    Administration expenses receivable at the end of each reporting year (included above)                        11,415         5,552


                    Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                                                  2019          2018
                                                                                                                                 $'000         $'000
                    Compensation
                    Short-term employee benefits                                                                                  9,933         9,275
                    Post employment benefits                                                                                       318            350
                    Security-based payments                                                                                       5,918         3,725
                    Total key management personnel compensation                                                                  16,169        13,350

                    Information regarding individual Directors’ and Senior Executives’ remuneration is provided in the Remuneration Report on pages
                    68 to 89 of the Annual Report.
                    There have been no other transactions with key management personnel during the year.
         144       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Other disclosures
         continued

         Note 23 Parent entity disclosures
         The financial information for the parent entity of Dexus Diversified Trust has been prepared on the same basis as the




For personal use only
         Consolidated Financial Statements except as set out below.
         Distributions received from associates are recognised in the parent entity’s Statement of Comprehensive Income, rather than
         being deducted from the carrying amount of these investments.
         Interests held by the parent entity in controlled entities are measured at fair value through profit and loss to reduce a
         measurement or recognition inconsistency.

         a) Summary financial information
         The individual Financial Statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                           2019        2018
                                                                                                                            $m          $m
         Total current assets                                                                                              51.6         33.5
         Total assets                                                                                                   5,873.3      5,095.6
         Total current liabilities – payables                                                                             130.7         75.9
         Total liabilities                                                                                              2,538.2      2,192.6
         Equity
         Contributed equity                                                                                             2,398.5       2,127.1
         Reserves                                                                                                          13.2        (12.5)
         Retained profits                                                                                                 923.4       788.4
         Total equity                                                                                                   3,335.1      2,903.0
         Net profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                   315.7       468.8
         Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                   311.5       449.4


         b) Guarantees entered into by the parent entity
         Refer to note 14(b) for details of guarantees entered into by the parent entity.

         c) Contingent liabilities
         Refer to note 14(b) for details of the parent entity’s contingent liabilities.

         d) Capital commitments
         The following amounts represent capital expenditure of the parent entity on investment properties contracted at the end of the
         reporting period but not recognised as liabilities payable:

                                                                                                                           2019        2018
                                                                                                                            $m          $m
         Investment properties                                                                                             60.0        102.8
         Total capital commitments                                                                                         60.0        102.8


         e) Going concern
         The parent entity is a going concern and its net current asset deficiency has been addressed in ‘About this Report’.
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report     145




                    Note 24 Changes in accounting policies
                    AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and AASB 9 Financial Instruments are effective for annual periods beginning on




For personal use only
                    or after 1 January 2018. Both these standards were adopted by the Group on 1 July 2018. As the Group has adopted the modified
                    retrospective approach upon implementation of these standards, comparatives have not been restated, however the Group has
                    disclosed below the restatement of the 1 July 2018 opening retained earnings balance and respective balance sheet positions
                    impacted as a result of this change. The changes and considerations are detailed below.

                    AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                    AASB 15 provides new guidance for determining when the Group should recognise revenue. The new revenue recognition model
                    is based on the principle that revenue is recognised when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer – either at
                    a point in time or over time. The model features a contract-based five-step analysis of transactions to determine whether, how
                    much and when revenue is recognised.
                    Per the new requirements of AASB 15, revenue is recognised over time if:
                    –– the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as the entity performs;
                    –– the customer controls the asset as the entity creates or enhances it; or
                    –– the seller’s performance does not create an asset for which the seller has an alternative use and there is a right to payment for
                       performance to date.
                    Where the above criteria is not met, revenue is recognised at a point in time.
                    The impact of applying the new standard has been assessed on each of the following major revenue streams:

                    Property revenue
                    Within its lease arrangements, the Group provides certain services to tenants (such as utilities, cleaning, maintenance and certain
                    parking arrangements) which are accounted for within AASB 15. A portion of the consideration within the lease arrangements
                    are therefore allocated to revenue for the provision of services. The service revenue is recognised over time as the services are
                    provided and as such, the timing of recognition of income is not affected. Such revenue has, however, been disclosed separately
                    in Note 1 Operating segments.

                    Management fees and other revenue
                    Where the Group earns investment, property management fees and development fees the fees continue to be recognised
                    monthly over the duration of the agreements. Management have determined that there are no impacts of the new guidance on
                    property management contracts.

                    Development revenue
                    AASB 15 provides an expedient whereby contracts that are completed as of the date of transition (1 July 2018) are not required
                    to be re-assessed. Management have chosen to apply this expedient. There is no impact on transition as the Group had no
                    uncompleted inventory or development contracts at 1 July 2018 which required re-assessment.
                    It is therefore concluded that apart from providing more extensive disclosures, the initial application of this new accounting
                    standard has not had a material impact on the financial reporting of the Group and therefore no restatement is required.
         146       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Other disclosures
         continued

         Note 24 Changes in accounting policies continued




For personal use only
         AASB 9 Financial Instruments
         AASB 9 addresses the classification, measurement and de-recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities and introduces
         new requirements for:
         –– the classification and measurement of financial assets;
         –– the classification and measurement of financial liabilities;
         –– impairment of financial assets;
         –– hedge accounting.
         The impact of applying the new standard has been assessed on each of the following:

         Classification and measurement of financial assets
         All recognised financial assets that are within the scope of AASB 9 are required to be measured subsequently at amortised
         cost or fair value on the basis of the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow
         characteristics of the financial assets. The Group has assessed which business models and cash flow characteristics apply to
         the financial assets held by the Group and has classified its financial instruments into the appropriate AASB 9 categories. The
         adoption of AASB 9 has not impacted the carrying value of financial assets but has resulted in classification changes on initial
         application at 1 July 2018 which is shown in the following table

          Financial Assets                       AASB 139 Classification                             AASB 9 Classification
         Cash and cash equivalents               Loans and receivables at amortised cost             Financial assets at amortised cost
         Rent receivable                         Loans and receivables at amortised cost             Financial assets at amortised cost
         Distributions receivable                Loans and receivables at amortised cost             Financial assets at amortised cost
         Fees receivable                         Loans and receivables at amortised cost             Financial assets at amortised cost
         Other receivables                       Loans and receivables at amortised cost             Financial assets at amortised cost
         Other financial assets                  Fair value through profit and loss                  Fair value through profit and loss

         Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
         Under AASB 9 the classification of financial liabilities held by the Group does not change from that previously prescribed in
         AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The main change introduced by AASB 9 is in relation to the
         accounting treatment for a gain or loss arising from a modification of a financial liability that does not result in the derecognition
         thereof. The requirements of AASB 9 state that the gain or loss on modification needs to be recognised immediately within profit or
         loss. The Group has assessed the impact resulting from the initial application of AASB 9 and has determined that non-substantial
         modifications to interest bearing liabilities have occurred in the past, thereby requiring an adjustment of $1.9 million to decrease
         retained earnings and to increase the interest bearing liabilities. Refer below for a reconciliation of retained earnings and the
         impacts on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

         Impairment of financial assets
         In relation to the impairment of financial assets, AASB 9 requires an expected credit loss model as opposed to an incurred credit
         loss model under AASB 139. The expected credit loss model requires the Group to account for expected credit losses and changes in
         those expected credit losses at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial assets.
         AASB 9 requires the Group to measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected
         credit losses (ECL). The Group has assessed the impact resulting from the initial application of AASB 9, by considering the historical
         actual write off rates for relevant types of financial assets, and taking into account forward looking indicators that might impact
         the recoverability of currently recognised financial assets. Based on this assessment, it was determined that the credit risk of trade
         receivables is low and therefore the application of an ECL model in determining the loss allowance for expected credit losses on
         trade receivables, has resulted in an immaterial impact on the financial reporting of the Group. Therefore, no restatement is evident.
                                                                                                                                     Dexus 2019 Annual Report        147




For personal use only
                    Hedge Accounting
                    The new hedge accounting requirements retain the three types of hedge accounting. However, greater flexibility has been
                    introduced to the types of transactions eligible for hedge accounting, specifically broadening the types of instruments that
                    qualify for hedging instruments and the types of risk components of non-financial items that are eligible for hedge accounting.
                    In addition, the effectiveness test has been replaced with the principle of an ‘economic relationship’. Enhanced disclosure
                    requirements about the Group’s risk management activities have been introduced (refer note 12).
                    The Group’s qualifying hedging relationships in place as at 1 July 2018 still qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with
                    AASB 9 and were therefore regarded as continuing hedging relationships. No rebalancing of any of the hedging relationships
                    was necessary on 1 July 2018. As the critical terms of the hedging instruments match those of their corresponding hedged items,
                    all hedging relationships continue to be effective under AASB 9’s effectiveness assessment requirements. The Group has also not
                    designated any hedging relationships under AASB 9 that would not have met the qualifying hedge accounting criteria under
                    AASB 139.
                    The Group uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage interest rate and foreign currency risk exposures arising from
                    external debt obligations. Historically, changes in foreign currency basis spreads were not included in the hedging relationship
                    between the hedging instrument and the hedged item. Under AASB 139 the changes in the fair value of hedge instruments
                    attributable to changes in foreign currency basis spreads were recognised immediately in profit or loss. Under AASB 9, the changes
                    in foreign currency basis spreads are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign currency basis
                    spread reserve within equity. The amounts accumulated in equity are either reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item
                    affects profit or loss or removed directly from equity and included in the carrying amount of non‑financial item. AASB 9 allows for
                    the accounting impact of changes in foreign currency basis spreads to be applied retrospectively. This only applies to hedging
                    relationships that existed at 1 July 2018 or were designated thereafter. The Group has assessed the impact resulting from the
                    initial application of AASB 9 and has determined an adjustment of $29.9 million is required to decrease retained earnings and to
                    increase the foreign currency basis spread reserve. Refer below for a reconciliation of retained earnings and the impacts to the
                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
                    Apart from this, the application of the AASB 9 hedge accounting requirements has had no impact on the results and financial
                    position of the Group.
                    The table below reconciles the changes in retained earnings upon implementation of the new accounting standards:

                                                                                                                Attributable          Attributable
                                                                                                              to unitholders        to unitholders               Total
                                                                                                                 of the trust              of other          Retained
                                                                                                              (parent entity)     stapled entities           Earnings
                                                                                                                          $m                    $m                 $m
                    Closing retained earnings balance as at 30 Jun 2018 – AASB 139                                      788.5              2,827.4             3,615.9
                    (Increase)/Decrease in debt investments at amortised cost       1
                                                                                                                          (1.5)                (0.4)               (1.9)
                    (Increase)/Decrease in foreign currency basis spread reserve 2                                       (29.9)                  –                (29.9)
                    Opening retained earnings balance as at 1 Jul 2018 – AASB 9                                          757.1             2,827.0             3,584.1

                    1. Opening retained earnings impact resulting from historical non-substantial modifications to terms of interest bearing liabilities.
                    2. Opening retained earnings impact resulting from historical changes in foreign currency basis spreads not included in the cash hedge relationship.
         148       Financial Report / Notes to the Financial Statements




         Other disclosures
         continued

         Note 24 Changes in accounting policies continued




For personal use only
         AASB 9 Financial Instruments continued
         The table below details the impacts to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position on implementation of the new
         accounting standards:

                                                                                                                                                      1 Jul 2018
                                                                                                         30 Jun 2018               AASB 9             Restated
                                                                                                                 $m                   $m                     $m
         Non-current liabilities
         Interest bearing liabilities 1                                                                        3,154.5                   1.9             3,156.4
         Total non-current liabilities                                                                         3,331.5                   1.9             3,333.4
         Total liabilities                                                                                     3,969.9                   1.9              3,971.8
         Net assets                                                                                          10,047.4                   (1.9)           10,045.5
         Equity
         Equity attributable to unitholders of the Trust (parent entity)
         Reserves 2                                                                                               (12.5)               29.9                  17.4
         Retained profits                                                                                       788.5                  (31.4)               757.1
         Parent entity unitholders' interest                                                                  2,903.3                   (1.5)            2,901.8
         Equity attributable to unitholders of other stapled entities
         Retained profits                                                                                      2,827.4                 (0.4)             2,827.0
         Other stapled unitholders' interest                                                                    7,144.1                (0.4)              7,143.7
         Total equity                                                                                        10,047.4                   (1.9)           10,045.5

         1. Opening retained earnings impact resulting from historical non-substantial modifications to terms of interest bearing liabilities.
         2. Opening retained earnings impact resulting from historical changes in foreign currency basis spreads not included in the cash flow hedge relationship.


         Note 25 Subsequent events
         On 31 July 2019, settlement occurred for the acquisition of 52 Collins Street, Melbourne for $70.0 million excluding acquisition costs.
         On 9 August 2019, the Group exchanged contracts to sell a 25% interest in 201 Elizabeth Street, Sydney for $157.5 million, excluding
         disposal costs and entered into a put and call option to sell its remaining 25% in late 2020.
         Post 30 June 2019, Dexus reached agreement to restructure the investment management joint venture with Commercial & General
         for HWPF, resulting in a streamlined governance structure and Dexus continuing as the sole investment manager of the Fund.
         Dexus has also agreed to purchase Commercial & General’s units in HWPF.
         Since the end of the year other than the matters disclosed above, the Directors are not aware of any matter or circumstance
         not otherwise dealt with in their Directors’ Report or the Financial Statements that has significantly or may significantly affect the
         operations of the Trust, the results of those operations, or state of the Trust’s affairs in future financial periods.
                                                                                                                           Dexus 2019 Annual Report       149




                    Director’s
                    Declaration




For personal use only
                    The Directors of Dexus Funds Management Limited as Responsible Entity of Dexus Diversified Trust declare that the Financial
                    Statements and notes set out on pages 96 to 148:
                    (i) 	comply with Australian Accounting Standards, the Corporations Act 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                        requirements; and
                    (ii) 	give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its performance, as represented by the
                         results of its operations and their cash flows, for the year ended on that date.
                    In the Directors’ opinion:
                    (a) 	the Financial Statements and notes are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001;
                    (b) 	there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Group and its consolidated entities will be able to pay their debts as and
                        when they become due and payable; and
                    (c) 	the Group has operated in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution dated 15 August 1984 (as amended) during the
                        year ended 30 June 2019.
                    The Financial Statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
                    Standards Board.
                    The Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer required by
                    section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                    W Richard Sheppard
                    Chair
                    13 August 2019
         150       Independent Auditor’s Report




         Independent Auditor’s Report




For personal use only
                                   Independent auditor’s report
                                   To the stapled security holders of Dexus Diversified Trust

                                   Report on the audit of the financial report
                                   Our opinion
                                   In our opinion:
                                   The accompanying financial report of Dexus Diversified Trust (the Trust) and its controlled entities
                                   (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                   (a)     giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its
                                           financial performance for the year then ended
                                   (b)     complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                   What we have audited
                                   For the purposes of consolidation accounting, the Trust is the deemed parent entity and acquirer of
                                   Dexus Industrial Trust (DIT), Dexus Office Trust (DOT) and Dexus Operations Trust (DXO). The
                                   financial report represents the consolidated financial results of the Trust and includes the Trust and its
                                   controlled entities, DIT and its controlled entities, DOT and its controlled entities, and DXO and its
                                   controlled entities.
                                   The Group financial report comprises:
                                   x       the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 30 June 2019
                                   x       the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended
                                   x       the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended
                                   x       the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended
                                   x       the Notes to the Financial Statements, which include significant accounting policies
                                   x       the Directors’ Declaration.

                                   Basis for opinion
                                   We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                   those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                                   report section of our report.

                                   We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                                   our opinion.

                                   Independence
                                   We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                   Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                                   Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant
                                   to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
                                   in accordance with the Code.

                                   PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                   One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                                   T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                                   Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                                   T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

                                   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                                  Dexus 2019 Annual Report   151




For personal use only
                        Our audit approach
                        An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                        material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                        users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                        opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                        structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                                  Materiality                           Audit scope                          Key audit matters

                        x   For the purpose of our audit      x   The Group is a stapled entity      x   Amongst other relevant topics,
                            we used overall materiality of        with operations in Australia. In       we communicated the following
                            $33.9 million, which                  a stapled group the securities         key audit matters to the Board
                            represents approximately 5%           of two or more entities are            Audit Committee:
                            of the Group’s adjusted profit        'stapled' together and cannot
                            before tax (Funds From                be traded separately. In the              Valuation of investment
                            Operations or FFO).                   case of the Group, the stapled             properties, including those
                        x   We applied this threshold,            entity includes the Trust, DIT,            investment properties in
                            together with qualitative             DOT and DXO and their                      investments accounted for
                            considerations, to determine          respective controlled entities.            under the equity method
                            the scope of our audit and the                                                Carrying amount of indefinite
                            nature, timing and extent of      x   Our audit focused on where                 life management rights
                            our audit procedures and to           the Group made subjective
                                                                                                          Carrying amount of inventory
                            evaluate the effect of                judgements; for example,
                                                                  significant accounting             x    These are further described in
                            misstatements on the financial                                                the Key audit matters section of
                            report as a whole.                    estimates involving
                                                                  assumptions and inherently              our report.
                        x   We chose FFO because, in our
                                                                  uncertain future events.
                            view, it is the key performance
                            measure of the Group. An          x   We audited each of the
                            explanation of what is included       individual stapled trusts that
                            in FFO is outlined in Note 1,         form the Group as well as the
                            Operating segments.                   consolidation of the Group.
                        x   We utilised a 5% threshold
                            based on our professional
                            judgement, noting it is within
                            the range of commonly
                            acceptable profit related
                            thresholds.
         152       Independent Auditor’s Report




         Independent Auditor’s Report
         continued




For personal use only
                                   Key audit matters
                                   Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                                   our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
                                   context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
                                   not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                                   particular audit procedure is made in that context.

                                   Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                   Valuation of investment properties,                      To assess the valuation of investment properties we
                                   including those investment properties in                 performed the following procedures amongst others:
                                   investments accounted for under the equity
                                   method                                                   x   We compared the valuation methodology adopted by
                                   (Refer to Note 8 and 9)                                      the Group with commonly accepted valuation
                                                                                                approaches used for investment properties in the
                                   The Group’s investment property portfolio comprises:         industry, and with the Group’s stated valuation
                                                                                                policy.
                                   x   Directly held properties included in the
                                       Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as      x   We obtained recent independent property market
                                       Investment Properties valued at $8,170.0 million         reports to develop an understanding of the prevailing
                                       as at 30 June 2019 (2018: $8,242.6 million).             market conditions in which the Group invests. We
                                                                                                leveraged this knowledge to form independent
                                   x   The Group’s share of investment properties held          expectations of likely movements in investment
                                       through associates and joint ventures included in        property values and underlying key assumptions
                                       the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         such as capitalisation rates and discount rates.
                                       as Investments accounted for using the equity
                                       method valued at $6,987.8 million as at 30 June      x   For a sample of leases, we compared the rental
                                       2019 (2018: $4,548.3 million).                           income used in the investment property valuations to
                                                                                                the tenancy schedules.
                                   Investment properties are carried at fair value at
                                   reporting date using the Group’s policy as described     x   We compared the capitalisation rates and discount
                                   in Note 8. The valuation of investment properties is         rates used by the Group in their investment property
                                   dependent on a number of assumptions and inputs              valuations to market data we determined reasonable
                                   including tenant information, property age and               based on location and asset grade. Where
                                   location, expected future rental profiles, and               capitalisation rates, discount rates and/or
                                   prevailing market conditions. Amongst others, the            movements in individual property valuations fell
                                   following assumptions are key in establishing fair           outside of our expectation, we performed the
                                   value:                                                       following procedures, amongst others:
                                   x   The capitalisation rate                                   ߤ Met with the Group’s Senior Valuation Manager
                                   x   The adopted discount rate.                                  and discussed the specifics of the selected
                                                                                                   individual properties including, amongst other
                                                                                                   things, any new leases entered into during the
                                   We considered the valuation of investment properties
                                                                                                   year, lease expiries, capital expenditure and
                                   to be a key audit matter due to the:
                                                                                                   vacancy rates.
                                   x   Financial significance of investment properties in        ߤ Agreed significant changes in inputs from
                                       the Consolidated Statement of Financial                     previous valuations to supporting
                                       Position.                                                   documentation such as new lease agreements.
                                   x   Potential for changes in the fair value of                ߤ Assessed key inputs in the investment property
                                       investment properties to have a significant effect          valuations to observable external market data.
                                       in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
                                                                                                                Dexus 2019 Annual Report   153




For personal use only
                        Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                            Income.                                            x   As the Group engaged external experts to determine
                        x   Inherently subjective nature of investment             the fair value of investment properties, we
                            property valuations arising from the use of            considered the independence, experience and
                            assumptions in the valuation methodology.              competency of the Group’s independent experts as
                                                                                   well as the results of their procedures.
                        x   Sensitivity of valuations to key input
                            assumptions, including capitalisation rates, and
                            discount rates.



                        Carrying amount of indefinite life                     To assess the impairment models used to determine the
                        management rights                                      recoverable amount, we performed the following audit
                                                                               procedures, amongst others:
                        (Refer to Note 18)
                                                                               x    Assessed whether the division of the Group's
                        At 30 June 2019 indefinite life management rights           management rights into cash generating units
                        (management rights) amounting to $286.0 million             (CGU), was in line with the Australian Accounting
                        (2018: $286.0 million) were recognised by the Group         Standards and consistent with our knowledge of
                        (included in the intangible assets balance). In             the Group's operations and internal Group
                        accordance with the requirements of Australian              reporting.
                        Accounting Standards, indefinite life management       x    Tested the mathematical accuracy of each
                        rights are not amortised and are tested at least            impairment model's calculations.
                        annually for impairment.
                                                                               x    Evaluated the Group’s methodology and selected
                                                                                    inputs and assumptions in the impairment models,
                        The Group performed impairment testing of the
                                                                                    such as discount rate, revenue and expense growth
                        management rights by comparing the recoverable
                                                                                    rates by comparing to observable market
                        amount of the management rights to their carrying
                                                                                    expectations.
                        amount. The Group concluded that management
                        rights were not impaired.                              x    Compared forecast cash flows used in each
                                                                                    impairment model with the most up-to-date
                        We considered the carrying amount of indefinite life        budgets approved by the Board. For cash flows
                        management rights a key audit matter given the:             beyond year three that were not covered by formal
                                                                                    budgets, we compared the growth rates applied to
                        x   Financial significance of the balance in the            observable market expectations.
                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                               x    Evaluated the Group's historical ability to forecast
                        x   Significant judgement required by the Group in          future cash flows by comparing budgets to reported
                            estimating the recoverable amount of indefinite         actual results.
                            life management rights
                                                                               x    Considered the Group's sensitivity analysis on key
                        x   Sensitivity of the Group’s assessment of the            assumptions used in the impairment models to
                            recoverable amount of indefinite life                   assess under which assumptions an impairment
                            management rights to changes in key                     would occur and whether this was reasonably
                            assumptions such as growth rates, discount              possible.
                            rates, and future cash flows.
                                                                               x    Together with PwC valuation experts we considered
                                                                                    whether the discount rate applied in each model
                                                                                    was consistent with observable market
                                                                                    expectations.
         154       Independent Auditor’s Report




         Independent Auditor’s Report
         continued




For personal use only
                                   Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                   Carrying amount of inventory                                To assess the carrying amount of inventory we performed
                                   (Refer to Note 10)                                          the following procedures amongst others:

                                   The Group develops a portfolio of office and                x    Tested that a sample of costs, transfers to inventory
                                   industrial sites for future sale, which are classified as        and acquisitions capitalised to inventory were in
                                   inventory.                                                       accordance with the Group’s policy/methodology
                                                                                                    and the requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                                    Standards.
                                   At 30 June 2019 the carrying amount of the Group’s
                                   inventory was $457.7 million (2018: $544.7 million).
                                   The Group’s inventories are held at the lower of the        x    We used a risk based approach to select a sample of
                                   cost or net realisable value for each inventory asset.           inventory assets on which to perform net realisable
                                                                                                    value testing. For the selected assets we:
                                   The cost of inventory is calculated using actual                 ߤ Discussed with management the life cycle of the
                                   acquisition costs, construction costs, development                   project, key project risks, changes to project
                                   related costs and interest capitalised for eligible                  strategy, current and future estimated sales
                                   projects.                                                            prices, construction progress and costs and any
                                                                                                        new and previous impairments.
                                   Net realisable value is determined by using the
                                                                                                    ߤ Compared the market capitalisation rates and
                                   valuation techniques referred to in the key audit
                                                                                                        net market income used by the Group to
                                   matter: Valuation of investment properties,
                                                                                                        calculate net realisable value to market
                                   including those properties in investments accounted
                                                                                                        capitalisation rates and rental rates published
                                   for under the equity method to determine the
                                                                                                        by external independent valuation experts.
                                   estimated future selling price, and adjusted for the
                                   estimated cost to complete and transaction costs.                ߤ Compared the carrying amount of inventory
                                                                                                        against the Group’s estimate of net realisable
                                   We considered the carrying amount of inventory to be                 value as at 30 June 2019.
                                   a key audit matter given the:
                                   x   Judgement required in determining the fair value
                                       of properties transferred from investment
                                       properties to inventory at the date of transfer, or
                                       used in net realisable value calculations. Refer to
                                       key audit matter: Valuation of investment
                                       properties, including those properties in
                                       investments accounted for under the equity
                                       method for key judgements in determining the
                                       fair value.
                                   x   Judgements required by the Group in
                                       determining the costs to complete and
                                       transaction costs used in net realisable value
                                       calculations.
                                   x   Financial significance of the inventory balance in
                                       the Consolidated Statement of Financial
                                       Position.
                                   x   The subsequent impact to FFO from the disposal
                                       of inventory.
                                                                                                               Dexus 2019 Annual Report   155




For personal use only
                        Other information
                        The Directors of Dexus Funds Management Limited as Responsible Entity of the Trust, DIT, DOT and
                        DXO (the Directors) are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019, but does not include the
                        financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                        this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
                        are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial report
                        The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view
                        in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such
                        internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
                        report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                        error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                        from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                        audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
                        auditor's report.
         156       Independent Auditor’s Report




         Independent Auditor’s Report
         continued




For personal use only
                                   Report on the remuneration report
                                   Our opinion on the remuneration report
                                   We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 68 to 89 of the Directors’ Report for the
                                   year ended 30 June 2019.

                                   In our opinion, the remuneration report complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                   Responsibilities
                                   The Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report in
                                   accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
                                   opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                                   Auditing Standards.




                                   PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                   Matthew Lunn                                                                                 Sydney
                                   Partner                                                                               13 August 2019
                                                                                                                       Dexus 2019 Annual Report      157




                    Investor
                    Information




For personal use only
                    Dexus recognises the importance of effective communication
                    with existing and potential institutional investors, sell‑side
                    analysts and retail investors.
                    Our Executives and the Investor Relations team maintain a strong rapport with the investment community through proactive and
                    regular engagement initiatives. We are committed to delivering high levels of transparency and disclosure by:
                    –– Releasing accurate and relevant information to investors to ensure they can make informed investment decisions
                    –– Providing regular access to senior management through one-on-one meetings, presentations, property tours, conferences,
                       dedicated investor roadshows, conference calls and webcasts
                    We adopt strong governance practices including a policy that ensures a minimum of two Dexus representatives participate in
                    any institutional investor or sell-side broker meetings and that a record of the meeting is maintained on an internal customer
                    relationship management database.
                    During FY19, senior management together with the Investor Relations team held 273 engagements with investor/broker groups to
                    discuss the group’s business strategy, operational and financial performance. These engagements were undertaken across a wide
                    range of investor activities including telephone calls, conferences, roadshows, one-on-one meetings, dinners, investor briefings
                    and roundtables.

                        Investor contact method (by number)                             Security holders by geography (%)

                            5                                                               6%
                           19                                                               7%
                                                                       162                                                                   41%
                           47                                                              12%



                           40                                                             26%
                                                                                                                                             8%
                                  One-on-one
                                  meeting         Group meeting        Telephone call                 Australia        UK        North America
                                  Tour            Panel/presentation                                  Europe (ex UK)   Asia      Rest of World



                    We participated in investor conferences and roadshows in Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and London.
                    These conferences and roadshows enabled access to potential new investors and assisted with strengthening existing
                    relationships with long term investors.
                    The Investor Relations team arranged two group property tours for institutional investors and sell-side brokers to strengthen
                    the awareness of the quality of the portfolio, understand our active asset management approach and importantly how we
                    create value. In Perth, 240 St Georges Terrace, 58 Mounts Bay Road, Kings Square and Carillon City, attracted 22 attendees,
                    while in the Sydney North Shore tour, the North Shore Health Hub and the recently completed development at 100 Mount Street,
                    attracted 28 attendees.
         158       Investor Information




         Investor
         relations events

                                                              We regularly commission independent investor perception
                                                              studies to gather feedback from the institutional investment




For personal use only
                                                              community. These studies involve independent surveys and
                                                              interviews with institutional investors and sell-side brokers to
                                                              measure perceptions on a number of attributes and report on
         2018                                                 the findings. The results help the Board and Executive team
         August                                               understand the investment community’s views and concerns
                                                              and assists in the enhancement of the group’s Investor
         –– Release of Dexus’s FY18 results
                                                              Relations and communications activities.
         –– FY18 results roadshow:
                                                              In 2018 the Australasian Investor Relations Association (AIRA)
            (Sydney and Melbourne)
                                                              awarded Dexus second place in the Designate Award for Most
         September                                            Progress in Investor Relations by an Australasian Company at
         –– Conferences: JP Morgan (London),                  their annual awards evening.
            Morgan Stanley (London)                           Our Treasury team held non-deal specific meetings with
                                                              institutional debt investors in Asia in November 2018 and
         October                                              the US in May 2019. In addition, the team participates in the
         –– Investor briefing with Dexus Chair                Property Treasurers’ Round Table events facilitated by the
            (Hong Kong)                                       Property Council of Australia.
         –– Institutional investor roadshow
            (Singapore, Hong Kong)                            Annual General Meeting
         –– Annual General Meeting (Sydney)                   On Wednesday, 30 October 2019, commencing at 2.00pm,
                                                              Dexus’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held in Sydney.
         –– Conferences: Citi (Sydney),
                                                              Details relating to the meeting, including the venue location
            Bank of America Merrill Lynch (Sydney)
                                                              will be provided to all investors in the Notice of Meeting. We
         November                                             invite you to attend the AGM in person to meet the Board of
         –– Institutional investor and broker                 Directors and members of the Executive team. The AGM will
            property tour (Perth)                             be webcast at www.dexus.com for investors who are unable
                                                              to attend in person.
         –– Conference: UBS (Sydney)
                                                              Distribution payments
                                                              Dexus’s payout policy is to distribute in line with free cash flow.
         2019                                                 Distributions are paid for the six-month periods to 31 December
                                                              and 30 June each year. Distribution statements are available
         February                                             in print and electronic formats and distributions are paid only
         –– Release of Dexus’s HY19 results                   by direct credit into nominated bank accounts for all Australian
         –– HY19 results roadshow                             and New Zealand Security holders and by cheque for other
            (Sydney and Melbourne)                            international Security holders.
                                                              To update the method of receiving distributions, please visit the
         March
                                                              investor login facility at www.dexus.com/update
         –– Conference: JP Morgan
            (Singapore, Hong Kong, Tokyo)                     Unclaimed distribution income
         –– Institutional investor roadshow                   Unpresented cheques or unclaimed distribution income can be
            (London, Singapore)                               claimed by contacting the Dexus Infoline on +61 1800 819 675.
         April                                                For monies outstanding greater than seven years, please
                                                              contact the NSW Office of State Revenue on +61 1300 366 016,
         –– Conference: Macquarie (Sydney)                    8.30am-5.00pm Monday to Friday, use their search facility at
         May                                                  osr.nsw.gov.au/ucm or email unclaimedmoney@osr.nsw.gov.au
         –– Debt and unlisted institutional investor tour
            (North Sydney)

         June
         –– Institutional investor and broker property tour
            (North Sydney)
         –– Institutional investor roadshow
            (Hong Kong, Singapore)
                                                                                                                             Dexus 2019 Annual Report    159




                    Attribution Managed Investment Trust Member                            Key dates – notifies investors on key events and reporting dates
                    Annual Statement (previously the Annual                                LinkedIn – We engage with our followers on LinkedIn




For personal use only
                    Taxation Statement)                                                    www.dexus.com/LinkedIn and click follow us
                    An Attribution Managed Investment Trust Member Annual                  Twitter – We engage with our followers on Twitter
                    Statement (AMMA) is sent to investors at the end of August             Search Dexus on Twitter and follow us
                    each year. The statement summarises distributions provided
                    during the financial year and includes information required to         Facebook – We engage with our followers on Facebook
                    complete your tax return. AMMA statements are also available           Search Dexus on Facebook and follow us
                    online at www.dexus.com/update                                         Dexus IR App – provides users access to our investor
                                                                                           communications and security price. Download for free from
                    2020 Reporting calendar1                                               Apple’s App Store or Google Play
                    2019 Annual General Meeting
                    30 October 2019                                                        Making contact
                                                                                           If you have any questions regarding your security holding or
                    2020 Half year results
                                                                                           wish to update your personal or distribution payment details,
                    6 February 2020
                                                                                           please contact the Registry by calling the Dexus Infoline on
                    2020 Annual results                                                    +61 1800 819 675. This service is available from 8.30am to 5.30pm
                    19 August 2020                                                         (Sydney time) on all business days. All correspondence should
                                                                                           be addressed to:
                    2020 Annual General Meeting
                    28 October 2020                                                        Dexus
                                                                                           C/- Link Market Services Limited
                    Distribution calendar1                                                 Locked Bag A14
                                                                                           Sydney South NSW 1235
                    Period end                 31 December 2019        30 June 2020
                                                                                           Email: dexus@linkmarketservices.com.au
                    ASX announcement           23 December 2019        24 June 2020
                                                                                           We are committed to delivering a high level of service to all
                    Ex-distribution date       30 December 2019        29 June 2020        investors. If you feel we could improve our service or you would
                    Record date                31 December 2019        30 June 2020        like to make a suggestion or a complaint, your feedback is
                                                                                           appreciated. Our contact details are:
                    Payment date               28 February 2020        28 August 2020
                    1. Please note that these dates are indicative and are subject to      Investor Relations
                       change without prior notice. Any changes in our key dates will be   Dexus
                       published on our website.
                                                                                           PO Box R1822
                    Go electronic for convenience and speed                                Royal Exchange NSW 1225
                    Did you know that you can receive all or part of your security         Email: ir@dexus.com
                    holder communications electronically? You can change your
                                                                                           Dexus Funds Management Limited is also a member of
                    communication preferences at any time by logging in at
                                                                                           the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA), an
                    www.dexus.com/update or by contacting Link Market Services
                                                                                           independent dispute resolution scheme. If you are not satisfied
                    on +61 1800 819 675.
                                                                                           with the resolution of your complaint, you may refer your
                                                                                           complaint to AFCA.
                    Investor communications
                    We are committed to ensuring all investors have equal access to        Australian Financial Complaints Authority
                    information. In line with our commitment to long term integration      GPO Box 3
                    of sustainable business practices, investor communications are         Melbourne VIC 3001
                    provided via various electronic methods including:                     Phone: +61 1800 931 678 (free call within Australia)
                    Dexus’s website – www.dexus.com                                        Fax: +61 3 9613 6399
                    Other investor tools available include:                                Email: info@afca.org.au
                    Online enquiry – www.dexus.com/enquire                                 Website: www.afca.org.au
                    is an easy online enquiry form

                    Investor login – www.dexus.com/update
                    enables investors to update their details and download
                    statements

                    Subscribe to alerts – www.dexus.com/subscribe
                    enables investors to receive Dexus communications
                    immediately after release
         160       Investor Information




         Additional Information


         Top 20 security holders at 31 July 2019




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                 % of issued
          Rank          Name                                                                                                    No. of units         capital
          1             HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                               491,678,945            44.83
          2             J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                                276,169,077            25.18
          3             Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                            102,713,173                9.36
          4             National Nominees Limited                                                                                48,201,391             4.39
          5             BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                                                     34,813,192                3.17
          6             BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                                         19,469,161               1.77
          7             Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                                              11,192,576                1.02
          8             AMP Life Limited                                                                                          7,453,248             0.68
          9             HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited GSCO ECA                                                        4,606,227             0.42
          10            Australian Executor Trustees Limited <IPS Super A/C>                                                       3,128,078            0.29
          11            HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <NT Commonwealth Super Corp A/C>                                 3,017,852            0.28
          12            HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                   2,561,117           0.23
          13            Pacific Custodians Pty Limited Perf Rights Plan TST                                                        1,669,226                0.15
          14            Avanteos Investments Limited <Encircle IMA A/C>                                                            1,474,773                0.13
          15            BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Ltd <DRP>                                                                         1,135,152               0.10
          16            One Managed Investment Funds Limited <Charter Hall Property Securities A/C>                                1,115,000                0.10
          17            Cs Third Nominees Pty Limited <HSBC Cust Nom AU Ltd 13 A/C>                                                 982,952             0.09
          18            Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                                                           848,361             0.08
          19            BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Services Ltd DRP                                               802,847             0.07
          20            Avanteos Investments Limited <Encircle Super>                                                               652,742             0.06
          Sub total                                                                                                          1,013,685,090             92.42
          Balance of register                                                                                                    83,172,575                 7.58
          Total of issued capital                                                                                             1,096,857,665          100.00


         Substantial holders at 31 July 2019
         The names of substantial holders, at 31 July 2019 that have notified the Responsible Entity in accordance with section 671B of the
         Corporations Act 2001, are:

                                                                                                                                    Number
                                                                                                                                 of stapled
          Date                 Name                                                                                               securities        % voting
          8 Apr 2019           State Street Corporation                                                                          70,998,322                 6.98
          21 Dec 2018          Vanguard Group                                                                                   102,882,077                 10.11
          23 Nov 2018          Blackrock Group                                                                                   89,843,853             8.83

         Note: Dexus issued capital changed from 1,017,196,877 to 1,096,857,665 between April and June 2019 following the completion of the Institutional
         Placement and Security Purchase Plan as announced to the ASX.

         Class of securities
         Dexus has one class of stapled security trading on the ASX with Security holders holding stapled securities at 31 July 2019.
                                                                                                                            Dexus 2019 Annual Report    161




                    Spread of securities at 31 July 2019




For personal use only
                        Range                                                                                      Securities            % No. of Holders
                        100,000 and over                                                                        1,024,068,530        93.36             58
                        50,000 to 100,000                                                                           2,343,801          0.21            35
                        10,001 to 50,000                                                                            17,810,471         1.62         1,052
                        5,001 to 10,000                                                                             17,667,581         1.61         2,591
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                                             30,220,513          2.76        12,581
                        1 to 1,000                                                                                  4,746,769         0.43         9,858
                        Total                                                                                   1,096,857,665       100.00         26,175

                    At 31 July 2019, the number of security holders holding less than a marketable parcel of 39 Securities ($500) was 394 and they held
                    a total of 1,772 securities.

                    Voting rights
                    At meetings of the security holders of Dexus Diversified Trust, Dexus Industrial Trust, Dexus Office Trust and Dexus Operations
                    Trust, being the Trusts that comprise Dexus, on a show of hands, each Security holder of each Trust has one vote. On a poll, each
                    Security holder of each Trust has one vote for each dollar of the value of the total interests they have in the Trust.

                    Securities restricted or subject to voluntary escrow
                    There are no stapled securities that are restricted or subject to voluntary escrow.

                    On-market buy-back
                    There was no on market buy-back in the financial year to 30 June 2019.

                    Cost base apportionment
                    For capital gains tax purposes, the cost base apportionment details for Dexus securities for the 12 months ended 30 June 2019 are:

                                                                                                      Dexus            Dexus         Dexus        Dexus
                                                                                                  Diversified       Industrial       Office   Operations
                        Date                                                                           Trust            Trust         Trust        Trust
                        1 Jul 2018 to 31 Dec 2018                                                    28.87%             9.37%       59.54%         2.22%
                        1 Jan 2019 to 30 Jun 2019                                                    28.62%            8.55%        59.98%         2.85%

                    Historical cost base details are available at www.dexus.com
         162       Investor Information




         Key ASX announcements




For personal use only
         26 Jun 2019 $250 million valuation uplift achieved across              06 Feb 2019 HY19 Distribution details
                          Dexus's portfolio
                                                                                06 Feb 2019 HY19 Results presentation
         21 Jun 2019      Notice of Distribution Appendix 3A
                                                                                06 Feb 2019 HY19 Results release
         21 Jun 2019      Distribution for the six months ending 30 June 2019
                                                                                06 Feb 2019 HY19 Property Synopsis
         21 Jun 2019      Settlement of 11 Talavera Road Macquarie Park
                                                                                06 Feb 2019 Appointment of Company Secretary
         18 Jun 2019      100 Mount Street sets a new benchmark for
                                                                                21 Dec 2018 New investor secured for existing Dexus
                          North Sydney
                                                                                            Industrial Partnership
         13 Jun 2019      Dexus plans a mixed-use transformation of the
                                                                                14 Dec 2018 Notice of Distribution Appendix 3A
                          MLC Centre
                                                                                14 Dec 2018 Distribution details for the six months
         07 Jun 2019 Appendix 3Y - Change of Director’s Interest
                                                                                            to 31 December 2018
                     Notice for John Conde
                                                                                14 Dec 2018 $405 million valuation uplift across Dexus
         07 Jun 2019 Appendix 3Y - Change of Director’s Interest
                                                                                            portfolio
                     Notice for Richard Sheppard
                                                                                10 Dec 2018 Settlement of industrial acquisition
         07 Jun 2019 Appendix 3Y - Change of Director's Interest
                     Notice for Penny Bingham-Hall                              30 Nov 2018 Settlement of seed portfolio for JV with GIC
         07 Jun 2019 Appendix 3Y - Change of Director's Interest                26 Nov 2018 Dexus establishes JV with GIC for a wholesale
                     Notice for Peter St George                                             unlisted logistics trust
         05 Jun 2019 North Shore Property Tour                                  07 Nov 2018 Perth Property Tour
         04 Jun 2019 Revised Appendix 3B                                        06 Nov 2018 Appendix 3Y - Change of Director's Interest
                                                                                            Notice for Darren Steinberg.
         04 Jun 2019 Appendix 3B SPP
                                                                                31 Oct 2018   Amendment to Constitutions
         03 Jun 2019 Dexus announces successful completion of
                     Security Purchase Plan                                     31 Oct 2018   Settlement of acquisition of 60 Collins Street
                                                                                              Melbourne
         09 May 2019 Initial settlement of 80 Collins Street Melbourne
                                                                                24 Oct 2018 2018 Annual General Meeting results
         08 May 2019 Institutional placement allotment and cleansing
                     statement                                                  24 Oct 2018 2018 Annual General Meeting
         08 May 2019 Despatch of Dexus Security Purchase Plan                   24 Oct 2018 September 2018 quarter portfolio update
         07 May 2019 Appendix 3B                                                05 Oct 2018 Dexus extends presence in healthcare sector
                                                                                            through strategic investment
         03 May 2019 Successful completion of $900m institutional
                     placement                                                  02 Oct 2018 Investor roadshow presentation
         02 May 2019 Acquisition and equity raising 80 Collins Street           19 Sep 2018 2018 Notice of Annual General Meeting
                     Melbourne                                                  19 Sep 2018 Dexus secures prime development site in
         30 Apr 2019 March 2019 quarter portfolio update                                    Melbourne CBD
         30 Apr 2019 2019 Macquarie Conference Australia                        30 Aug 2018 30 June 2018 distribution payment
         01 Apr 2019      Settlement of acquisition of remaining interest in    21 Aug 2018 Settlement of 32 Flinders Street Melbourne
                          MLC Centre, Sydney                                    17 Aug 2018 Appendix 3Y - Change of Director’s Interest
         28 Mar 2019 Media reports regarding 80 Collins Street                              Notice for Darren Steinberg
                     Melbourne                                                  15 Aug 2018 Appendix 4E
         20 Mar 2019 Appendix 3B                                                15 Aug 2018 2018 Final Distribution Details
         18 Mar 2019 Enhanced Cleansing Notice                                  15 Aug 2018 FY18 Annual Results Release
         13 Mar 2019 Pricing of $425 million exchangeable notes                 15 Aug 2018 FY18 Annual Results Presentation
                     offering
                                                                                15 Aug 2018 2018 Annual Report
         12 Mar 2019      Dexus and DWPF acquire remaining interest in
                                                                                15 Aug 2018 2018 Financial Statements
                          MLC Centre Sydney
                                                                                15 Aug 2018 2018 Property Synopsis
         28 Feb 2019 31 December 2018 distribution payment
                                                                                15 Aug 2018 Appendix 4G and Corporate Governance
         25 Feb 2019 Sale of 11 Talavera Road Macquarie Park
                                                                                            Statement
         14 Feb 2019      Appendix 3Y - Change of Director's Interest
                                                                                14 Aug 2018 Replenishing industrial development pipeline in
                          Notice for Darren Steinberg.
                                                                                            core locations
         06 Feb 2019 HY19 Appendix 4D and Financial Accounts
                                                                                                                         Dexus 2019 Annual Report       163




                    Directory




For personal use only
                    Dexus Diversified Trust                      Secretaries of the Responsible Entity         www.dexus.com
                    ARSN 089 324 541                             Brett Cameron
                                                                                                               Security Registry
                                                                 Scott Mahony
                    Dexus Industrial Trust                                                                     Link Market Services Limited
                    ARSN 090 879 137                             Registered office of the                      Level 12, 680 George Street
                                                                 Responsible Entity                            Sydney NSW 2000
                    Dexus Office Trust                           Level 25, Australia Square                    Locked Bag A14
                    ARSN 090 768 531                             264 George Street                             Sydney South NSW 1235
                                                                 Sydney NSW 2000                               www.linkmarketservices.com.au
                    Dexus Operations Trust
                                                                 PO Box R1822                                  Open Monday to Friday between 8.30am
                    ARSN 110 521 223
                                                                 Royal Exchange                                and 5.30pm (Sydney time). For enquiries
                                                                 Sydney NSW 1225                               regarding security holdings, contact the
                    Responsible Entity
                                                                                                               security registry, or access security holding
                    Dexus Funds Management Limited               Phone: +61 2 9017 1100
                                                                                                               details at www.dexus.com/investor-centre
                    ABN 24 060 920 783                           Fax: +61 2 9017 1101
                    AFSL 238163                                  Email: ir@dexus.com                           Australian Securities Exchange
                                                                 www.dexus.com                                 ASX Code: DXS
                    Directors of the Responsible Entity
                    W Richard Sheppard, Chair                    Auditors                                      LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook
                    Penny Bingham-Hall                           PricewaterhouseCoopers                        Dexus now engages with its followers
                                                                 Chartered Accountants                         via LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook
                    John C Conde AO
                                                                 201 Sussex Street
                    Tonianne Dwyer
                                                                 Sydney NSW 2000
                    Mark H Ford
                    The Hon. Nicola Roxon                        Investor Enquiries                            IR App
                    Darren J Steinberg, CEO                      Registry Infoline: +61 1800 819 675           Download the Dexus IR App to gain
                    Peter B St George                            Investor Relations: +61 2 9017 1330           instant access to the latest Dexus stock
                                                                                                               price, ASX announcements, presentations,
                                                                 Email: dexus@linkmarketservices.com.au
                                                                                                               reports, webcasts and more.


                    About this report                            The 2019 Annual Reporting Suite has           Report scope
                    The 2019 Annual Report is a consolidated     been prepared in accordance with              The Annual Report covers financial
                    summary of Dexus’s performance for the       the GRI Standards: Core option and            performance at all locations.
                    financial year ended 30 June 2019. This      nominated indicators have been                Environmental data only includes
                    report should be read in conjunction         externally assured. The GRI index is          properties under the Group’s
                    with the reports that comprise the 2019      provided with the 2019 Sustainability         operational control as defined under
                    Annual Reporting Suite available from        Performance Pack available from               the National Greenhouse and Energy
                    www.dexus.com/investor-centre                www.dexus.com/investor-centre                 Reporting System (NGER Act). All
                                                                 Dexus’s Funds From Operations (FFO)           resource performance figures in this
                    In this report, unless otherwise stated,
                                                                 is in line with Property Council of           report display consumption and GHG
                    references to ‘Dexus’ ‘the group’, ‘we’,
                                                                 Australia’s definition and comprises          emissions on an intensity (per square
                    ‘us’ and ‘our’ refer to Dexus comprising
                                                                 net profit/loss after tax attributable to     metre) basis. Absolute consumption
                    the ASX listed entity and the Funds
                                                                 stapled security holders calculated in        and additional information is
                    Management business. Any reference
                                                                 accordance with Australian Accounting         provided in the 2019 Sustainability
                    in this report to a ‘year’ relates to the
                                                                 Standards and adjusted for: property          Performance Pack available from
                    financial year ended 30 June 2019. All
                                                                 revaluations, impairments, derivative and     www.dexus.com/investor-centre
                    dollar figures are expressed in Australian
                    dollars unless otherwise stated.             foreign exchange (FX) mark-to-market
                                                                 impacts, fair value movements of interest     Independent assurance
                    Dexus referred to the Global Reporting       bearing liabilities, amortisation of tenant   In addition to auditing Dexus’s Financial
                    Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting    incentives, gain/loss on sale of certain      Statements, PricewaterhouseCoopers
                    Guidelines to determine the report’s         assets, straight-line rent adjustments,       (PwC) has provided limited assurance
                    boundaries for guidance on identifying       deferred tax expense/benefit, rental          over select environmental and social data
                    and reporting its material issues,           guarantees, coupon income and                 within the integrated online reporting suite
                    management approaches and reporting          distribution income net of funding costs.     covering the 12 months to 30 June 2019. The
                    key performance indicators across                                                          assurance statement, the GRI verification
                    stakeholder groups including investors,                                                    report and associated reporting criteria
                    employees, customers, suppliers and                                                        documents will be available from the online
                    the community.                                                                             reporting suite in August 2019.
         164




For personal use only

         ecoStar+ is an environmentally responsible paper made carbon neutral, the fibre source
         is FSC Recycled certified. ecoStar+ is manufactured from 100% post consumer recycled paper
         in a process chlorine free environment under the ISO 14001 environmental management system.
For personal use only
For personal use only
