                                                             2025 Annual Report
BeOne Medicines Ltd.

(a corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland)




                     Cancer has no borders. Neither do we.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                   2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                              4


BUSINESS                                                                 8


RISK FACTORS                                                            46


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                      135


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     136


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                        163


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                172


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                            238


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                           268


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      273


DEFINITIONS                                                            369


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                            375




                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.   •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE


Executive Director                                                    Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Chair)
                                                                      Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. John V. Oyler                                                     Mr. Qingqing Yi
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                      NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
Non-executive Director                                                  GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE


Dr. Xiaodong Wang                                                     Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chair) (Note 3)
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
Independent Non-executive Directors                                   Dr. Alessandro Riva
                                                                      Ms. Shalini Sharp (Note 3)
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                                                SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                                                 Dr. Xiaodong Wang (Co-Chair)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                                                  Dr. Alessandro Riva (Co-Chair)
Dr. Alessandro Riva                                                   Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders                                       Mr. Michael Goller
Ms. Shalini Sharp                                                     Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi                                                       Mr. Qingqing Yi

AUDIT COMMITTEE


Ms. Shalini Sharp (Chair) (Note 1)
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Note 2)




Notes:


1.      Appointed as the Chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025;


2.      Ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025 but remains a member of the Audit
        Committee;


3.      The relevant appointment with effect from January 16, 2025.




2         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


COMMERCIAL AND MEDICAL AFFAIRS                             REGISTERED OFFICE
  ADVISORY COMMITTEE
                                                           c/o BeOne Medicines I GmbH
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chair)                              Aeschengraben 27, 4051 Basel, Switzerland
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                                     HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                           Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
COMPANY SECRETARY                                          Hopewell Centre
                                                           183 Queen’s Road East
Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCG, HKFCG) of                         Wanchai, Hong Kong
Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited
                                                           PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                   TRANSFER OFFICE


Mr. John V. Oyler                                          Computershare Switzerland Ltd
Ms. Chau Hing Ling                                         Baslerstrasse 90, P.O. Box, 4601 Olten
                                                           Switzerland
AUDITORS
                                                           STOCK CODE
As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young, Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor   06160


As to United States financial reporting audit              COMPANY WEBSITE
Ernst & Young LLP
                                                           www.beonemedicines.com
As to PRC financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP


As to Swiss financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young AG




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT          3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and projections about future events
and trends that may affect the business, financial condition, and operating results. All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including statements regarding our strategy, future
operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management
and expected growth, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements often include words such as,
but not limited to, “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,”
“may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” or the negative
of these terms or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements
about:

•    our ability to successfully commercialize our approved medicines and to obtain approvals in additional
     indications and territories for our medicines;


•    the timing, progress and results of our research and development (“R&D”) programs, preclinical studies and
     clinical trials of our drug candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of
     studies or trials and related preparatory work and the period during which the results of the trials will become
     available;


•    our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our in-licensed medicines and drug candidates and any
     other medicines and drug candidates we may in-license;


•    our ability to further develop sales and marketing capabilities and launch and commercialize new medicines, if
     approved;


•    our ability to maintain and expand regulatory approvals for our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the pricing and reimbursement of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;




4        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to advance our drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and obtain regulatory
    approvals;


•   our reliance on the success of our clinical stage drug candidates;


•   our plans, expected milestones and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals;


•   the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, medicines, drug candidates and
    technology;


•   the scope of protection we (or our licensors) are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights
    covering our medicines, drug candidates and technology;


•   our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
    property rights and proprietary technology of third parties;


•   costs associated with enforcing or defending against intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or
    violation, product liability and other claims;


•   the regulatory environment and regulatory developments in the United States (“U.S.”), China, the United
    Kingdom (“UK”), Switzerland, the European Union (“EU”) and other jurisdictions in which we operate;


•   the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, including collaboration revenue, capital
    requirements and our need for additional financing;


•   the potential benefits of strategic collaboration and licensing agreements and our ability to enter into and
    maintain strategic arrangements;


•   our construction and operation of independent production facilities for small molecule medicines and large
    molecule biologics, as well as clinical R&D facilities, to support the global demand for both commercial and
    clinical supply;


•   our reliance on third parties to conduct drug development, manufacturing and other services;




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT             5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to manufacture and supply, or have manufactured and supplied, drug candidates for clinical
    development and medicines for commercial sale;


•   the rate and degree of market access and acceptance of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•   developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies;


•   the size of the potential markets for our medicines and drug candidates and our ability to serve those markets;


•   our ability to effectively manage our growth;


•   our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;


•   our ability to comply with the covenants and other requirements under our facilities agreements and to borrow
    available amounts under such agreements;


•   statements regarding future revenue, key milestones, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements
    and share performance;


•   the future trading price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) listed on NASDAQ, our ordinary shares
    listed on HKEx, and our ordinary shares issued to permitted investors in China and listed and traded on the
    STAR in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”), as well as the impact of securities analysts’ reports on these prices; and


•   the effects of our redomiciliation to Switzerland, including its tax treatment, and our name change in 2025.




6    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


These statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those that are described in “Risk Factors” of this
annual report, that may cause actual future events or results to differ materially from those expected. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events
could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we
make. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about
future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We have
included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this annual report, particularly in “Risk Factors,”
that could cause actual future results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we
make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers,
dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make.


Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-
looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required by the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HK Listing Rules”), we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Statements
of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of the date of this annual report. Any
such intentions may change in light of future developments.


This annual report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe
these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to this information. All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by
reference to this cautionary statement.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT             7
BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeOne,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and
“our” refer to BeOne Medicines Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.

OVERVIEW


We are a leading global oncology company discovering and developing innovative treatments that are more
accessible to cancer patients worldwide. In 2025, we generated total global revenue of approximately US$5.3
billion, increasing revenue by approximately 40.2% from the prior year, while achieving net income of US$286.9
million, net cash provided by operating activities of US$1.1 billion and positive free cash flow of US$941.7 million.


We are serial innovators in hematology and have built a differentiated, wholly-owned, and foundational franchise.
We are the only company with potentially best-in-class assets across three foundational chronic lymphocytic
leukemia (“CLL”) mechanisms of action (“MoAs”). This includes BRUKINSA®, a proven best-in-class Bruton’s
tyrosine kinase (“BTK”) inhibitor, sonrotoclax, a next-generation and potentially best-in-class B-cell lymphoma 2
(“BCL2”) inhibitor that received its first global regulatory approval in December 2025, and our potentially first-in-
class and best-in-class BTK chimeric degradation activation compound (“BTK-CDAC”).


BRUKINSA was designed for complete sustainable inhibition of BTK with the belief that this would improve patient
outcomes. This hypothesis was supported in the ALPINE trial, where BRUKINSA demonstrated sustained superior
efficacy and lower cardiac toxicity in an all-comers relapsed/refractory (“R/R”) CLL population against ibrutinib.
BRUKINSA is the only BTK inhibitor to prove superior efficacy to ibrutinib, especially over the long term. BRUKINSA
has the broadest label in the class, with U.S. approvals in CLL, mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”), Waldenström’s
macroglobulinemia (“WM”), marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) and follicular lymphoma (“FL”). Despite being the third
entrant to the market, BRUKINSA became the global market leader across B-cell malignancies in 2025. BRUKINSA
generated US$3.9 billion in sales in 2025, is approved in over 75 markets and has launched in many key markets,
including Europe, Japan, Korea and Brazil. Our Phase 3 MANGROVE trial is evaluating BRUKINSA plus rituximab
compared with bendamustine plus rituximab in previously untreated MCL. Pending approval, this would be the first
chemo-free regimen available for patients as a first line (“1L”) treatment for MCL.


Sonrotoclax is a potentially best-in-class BCL2 inhibitor designed to have greater potency and selectivity, and
potential for better tolerability than venetoclax. In late 2025, we received the first approval for sonrotoclax for adult
patients with R/R MCL and CLL/small lymphocytic lymphoma (“SLL”) patients who have received prior systemic
therapy, including a BTK inhibitor. The approval, granted in China, is supported by data demonstrating deep
and durable responses and manageable tolerability, underscoring sonrotoclax’s emerging role as a foundational
medicine across B-cell malignancies. Presented at the American Society of Hematology (“ASH”) meeting in 2025,
monotherapy data from the Phase 1/2 study of patients with R/R MCL treated with sonrotoclax demonstrated a
favorable safety and efficacy profile. Sonrotoclax is under Priority Review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(“FDA”) for potential accelerated approval in the first half of 2026. Pending approval, sonrotoclax would be the first
and only BCL2 inhibitor approved for monotherapy use in R/R MCL.




8      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


In the fixed dose BRUKINSA plus sonrotoclax combination, we presented unmatched levels and time to achieve
undetectable minimal residual disease (“uMRD”), demonstrating a clear advantage over other fixed duration
regimens. The Phase 3 CELESTIAL-TNCLL trial of BRUKINSA plus sonrotoclax in 1L CLL has completed
enrollment, and we have initiated a Phase 3 study in the first half of 2026, comparing BRUKINSA plus sonrotoclax
against acalabrutinib plus venetoclax in 1L CLL.


Our BTK-CDAC, BGB-16673, which is designed to promote the degradation of both wildtype and mutant forms of
BTK, including those that commonly result in resistance to BTK inhibitors in patients who experience progressive
disease, has best-in-class potential and is the most advanced BTK degrader in development. Data presented at
ASH 2025 showed significant efficacy signals and safety data in a heavily pretreated population. We have initiated
a Phase 3 head-to-head trial against pirtobrutinib, consistent with our strategy to develop medicines that have
potential to meaningfully improve upon the current practice of care. An accelerated approval filing submission
based on the Phase 2 trial in R/R CLL could be made to the FDA in 2026 if data supports such submission. With
these three differentiated and synergistic assets, we believe we are uniquely positioned to potentially provide the
best solution for all CLL patients along their treatment journey and lead a sustainable franchise in the approximately
US$12 billion global CLL market.


We have a deep and innovative solid tumor pipeline. In 2025, we advanced five differentiated new molecular entities
(“NMEs”) into the clinic, each of which has the potential to be first-in-class or best-in-class. Our intention is to build
depth in the development of potential treatments for the most prevalent cancers, including breast/gynecologic, lung
and gastrointestinal. Five solid tumor programs achieved proof of concept in 2025, including our next-generation
cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (“CDK4”) inhibitor (BGB-43395) and potentially first-in-class B7-H4 antibody-drug
conjugate (“ADC”) (BG-C9074), our differentiated MoA and first-in-class Glypican-3 (“GPC3”)-dependent 4-1BB
targeting bispecific T-cell engager (BGB-B2033), our synergistic and potentially best-in-class protein arginine
methyltransferase 5 (“PRMT5”) (BGB-58067), as well as our carcinoembryonic antigen (“CEA”) ADC (BG-C477).


We are a company built to address the long-lived challenges to return on investment in the pharmaceutical industry.
Clinical trials represent more than 75% of the total cost of bringing an oncology medicine to patients, yet the
industry continues to outsource this function to contract research organizations (“CROs”) at an ever-increasing
cost per patient. Regulatory policies such as Project Optimus, while well intended, lead to meaningful program
delays and increasing Phase 1 trial costs due to increased patient requirements and time. Increased competition
exists for nearly every validated target, and pricing reform, such as the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) in the U.S.,
is placing direct and indirect pressure on innovators. Since inception, we have focused on building unique and
hard to replicate competitive advantages that address these industry-wide challenges. Most importantly, our nearly
6,000 colleagues across clinical development and manufacturing across the globe allow us to break from the
traditional CRO model and develop medicines with greater speed and at a lower cost than many of our industry
peers while maintaining the highest quality. Our global development “superhighway” is unique to BeOne and critical
to generating superior returns on R&D investment. We are innovating with intentionality and building best-in-class
combinations to win in the increasingly competitive commercial landscape.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization with nearly 12,000 employees
worldwide.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT              9
BUSINESS


Our Holding Company Structure


We are a holding company currently incorporated in Switzerland with operations primarily conducted through
our subsidiaries in the U.S., China, the UK and Australia. In the second quarter of 2025, we redomiciled from the
Cayman Islands to Switzerland. The following diagram depicts a summary of our corporate structure. Our corporate
structure contains no variable interest entities.


                                                                    BeOne Medicines Ltd.
                                                                       (Switzerland)
                                                                        Nasdaq: ONC;
                                                                   HK 06160; SSE: 688235




 BeOne Medicines Treasury                                                                                                BeOne Medicines (Hong Kong)
                                       BG NC 1, Ltd.                    BG NC 2, Ltd.
          Ltd.                                                                                                                  Co., Limited
                                     (Cayman Islands)                  (Cayman Islands)
     (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                               (Hong Kong)



                                                                   BeOne Medicines UK, Ltd.                                Mainland China Operating
                                                                                                                                 Subsidiaries
                                                                       (United Kingdom)
                                                                                                                                (Beijing, Guangzhou,
                                                                                                                                Shanghai and Suzhou)




                   Regional Operating Subsidiaries                                                    United States Operating
                (Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada,             BeOne Medicines I GmbH                  Subsidiaries
               Chile, Colombia, Ireland, Israel, Japan,                  (Switzerland)               (Delaware and New Jersey)
               Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand,
               Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Thailand,
                     Turkey, and United Kingdom)


                                                                 European and Other Operating
                                                                         Subsidiaries
                                                             (Austria, Belgium, France, Germany,
                                                              Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal
                                                           Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Taiwan)




10       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                        •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


OUR STRATEGY


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to address challenges in the
pharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients
around the world. Our global development “superhighway” was uniquely built to address an increasingly challenged
industry and improve R&D returns.


We have built a substantial global clinical team of approximately 3,800 people on six continents, allowing us to
run clinical trials largely without reliance on CROs. We believe independence from traditional CRO models allows
us to execute more cost-efficient development and achieve faster time to clinical proof-of-concept. It also allows
us to expand the reach of our clinical sites, which supports diverse participation and the collection of robust data
across all patient demographics. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is an
important strategic competitive advantage and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical industry.


We have built a highly productive and cost-effective oncology research team with 1,200+ scientists, allowing us
to drive serial innovation to enable sustained market leadership. Our efforts have been validated by commercial
approvals, clinical data, and collaborations that have secured US$1.5 billion in collaboration payments to our
company. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis, which has resulted in
multiple commercially approved medicines and a pipeline of wholly-owned assets with potential for combinations
and depth in key tumor types. We have invested in diverse technology platforms to pursue innovation, including
small molecules, CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, and ADCs allowing us
access to diverse modalities and to advance science with urgency and agility. Our CDAC platform, in particular,
offers a differentiated approach from small molecules with its catalytic activity, higher barrier to resistance, and
scaffold function disruption. We have more than 20 CDAC and degrader-antibody conjugate programs progressing
through our discovery, investigational new drug (“IND”) and clinical development stages. Our research and
innovation capabilities are optimized for discovering high-quality and impactful medicines for patients in a highly
productive and cost-effective way.


We have built a strong commercial portfolio, with BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA® driving global revenue.


Expanding our Foundational Hematology Franchise

Our hematology franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which is supported by a broad clinical program with over 7,900
patients enrolled in more than 30 countries and regions across more than 45 trials. We continue to broaden
our leadership in hematology, utilizing BRUKINSA as our foundational asset. We are focused on lifecycle
management to build a sustainable hematology franchise maximizing value for our company, shareholders and
patients globally. BRUKINSA has allowed us to build a strong franchise in hematology-oncology and we plan to
expand our leadership in CLL with our wholly-owned, emerging best-in-class hematology pipeline consisting of
sonrotoclax and our BTK-CDAC, while amplifying our impact in other B-cell malignancies. We are the only company
offering potentially best-in-class, foundational medicines across the three key mechanisms of action in CLL, with
BRUKINSA, sonrotoclax and our BTK-CDAC. These assets show promise to offer best-in-disease combinations,
and we have comprehensive registrational programs to address patient need in both the treatment naïve and
relapsed settings, and with continuous use or fixed duration regimens.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            11
BUSINESS


Expanding Access to our PD-1 Inhibitor for Patients Worldwide and Building Global Commercial Capabilities
to Support our Prolific Pipeline

Our solid tumor franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, TEVIMBRA, which is currently approved
in the U.S., EU, China and other countries. We intend to expand TEVIMBRA’s global footprint through ongoing
submissions and approvals, including submissions based on the HERIZON-GEA-01 trial. We are also developing
a hyaluronidase-free, high-concentration subcutaneous formulation of TEVIMBRA which we believe will be
competitive in global markets. With TEVIMBRA and the potentially best-in-class solid tumor pipeline assets, we are
well-positioned to build our solid tumor business and deliver innovative therapies and combinations to patients.


We have a global commercial organization to deliver medicines to patients around the globe. We have
established commercial capabilities in key large commercial markets of the U.S., EU and China, and continue our
rapid expansion of capabilities into the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions, driving the delivery
of highly effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe. This has enabled a geographically
diversified revenue mix and a truly global business.


Our business model is sustainable and results in a strong global financial profile. We believe we are financially
well-positioned with cash and cash equivalents of US$4.5 billion and debt of US$1.0 billion as of December 31,
2025. Our product revenue has grown 39.8% since 2024 from our current portfolio and cornerstone assets, which
we expect to grow significantly in 2026 and beyond. We achieved GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income
for the first time in fiscal year 2025. We generated net cash provided by operating activities of US$1.1 billion and
positive free cash flow in 2025. We will continue to be thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and
consistent with previous collaborations, we will actively explore partnerships that strengthen our business. We are
committed to generating long-term value for our shareholders.




12     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL AND REGISTRATION STAGE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our commercial products as of February 26, 2026:


                                                                                            BEONE COMMERCIAL
PRODUCT                         MECHANISM OF ACTION         REGULATORY STATUS               RIGHTS                     PARTNER

BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib)        BTK inhibitor               Approved in 77 markets,         Global                     N/A
                                                            incl. U.S., EU, China,
                                                            Japan, and other markets

TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab)        Anti-PD-1 antibody          Approved in 51 markets,         Global                     N/A
                                                            incl. U.S., EU, China, Japan,
                                                            and other markets

PARTRUVIX® (pamiparib)          PARP inhibitor              Approved in China               Global                     N/A

Sonrotoclax                     BCL2 inhibitor              Approved in China               Global                     N/A

IMDELLTRA® (tarlatamab)1        Anti-DLL3 x anti-CD3        Approved in U.S.                Mainland China             Amgen
                                bispecific T-cell engager
                                (BiTE)


XGEVA® (denosumab)              Anti-RANK ligand antibody   Approved in China               Mainland China             Amgen

BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab)        Anti-CD19 x anti-CD3        Approved in China               Mainland China             Amgen
                                bispecific T-cell engager
                                (BiTE)

KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib)         Proteasome inhibitor        Approved in China               Mainland China             Amgen

ZIIHERA® (zanidatamab)          Anti-HER-2 bispecific       Approved in U.S., EU, China Asia (excluding Japan          Jazz
                                antibody                    and Canada                      & India), Australia, New   Zymeworks
                                                                                            Zealand

SYLVANT® (siltuximab)           IL-6 antagonist             Approved in China               Greater China              Recordati

QARZIBA® (dinutuximab)          Anti-GD2 antibody           Approved in China               Mainland China             Recordati

POBEVCY® (Avastin biosimilar)   Anti-VEGF antibody          Approved in China               Greater China              Bio-Thera

BAITUOWEI® (goserelin           Gonadotropin-releasing      Approved in China               Mainland China             Luye Pharma
microspheres for injection)     hormone (GnRH) agonist

TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)          BRAF inhibitor              Approved in China               China Broad Markets2       Novartis




                                                         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.               •    2025       ANNUAL REPORT            13
BUSINESS


                                                                                      BEONE COMMERCIAL
PRODUCT                        MECHANISM OF ACTION         REGULATORY STATUS          RIGHTS                   PARTNER

MEKINIST® (trametinib)         MEK inhibitor               Approved in China          China Broad Markets2     Novartis


VOTRIENT® (pazopanib)          VEGFR inhibitor             Approved in China          China Broad Markets2     Novartis


AFINITOR® (everolimus)         mTOR inhibitor              Approved in China          China Broad Markets2     Novartis


ZYKADIA® (ceritinib)           ALK inhibitor               Approved in China          China Broad Markets2     Novartis

1.     A significant portion of our rights to receive certain tiered mid-single digit royalty payments based on annual net revenue
       from sales outside of China of IMDELLTRA were sold to Royalty Pharma in the third quarter of 2025.


2.     Rights to promote and market in China’s broad markets pursuant to a Market Development Agreement with an affiliate of
       Novartis Pharma AG.


Abbreviations: DLL3 = delta-like ligand 3; CD = cluster of differentiation; ALK = anaplastic lymphoma kinase; BRAF = B-rapidly
accelerated fibrosarcoma; MEK = mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/Extracellular-signal regulated kinase (ERK); mTOR =
Mammalian target of rapamycin; VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor


Please see the section of this annual report titled “Management Discussion and Analysis” for revenue by product.


We commercialize the following internally developed cancer medicines:


BRUKINSA

Market Opportunity


Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and Hodgkin’s lymphoma. In 2025, global revenues for BTK inhibitors
were approximately US$12 billion according to company reported financials. Global revenues are projected to be
more than US$15 billion in 2028, according to published reports. Please see the section of this annual report titled
“Management Discussion and Analysis” for BRUKINSA net revenue generated in 2024 and 2025.




14       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


BRUKINSA


BRUKINSA is a next-generation, oral, small molecule inhibitor of BTK designed to deliver complete and
sustained inhibition of the BTK protein by optimizing bioavailability, half-life, and selectivity. With differentiated
pharmacokinetics compared with other approved BTK inhibitors, BRUKINSA has been demonstrated to inhibit the
proliferation of malignant B cells within a number of disease-relevant tissues. BRUKINSA has the broadest label
globally of any BTK inhibitor and is the only BTK inhibitor to provide the flexibility of once or twice daily dosing. A
tablet formulation was FDA approved in June 2025, providing patients with more convenience and flexibility.


BRUKINSA has approvals in five indications, including CLL/SLL, WM, R/R MCL, R/R MZL and R/R FL, and is
approved in 77 markets and reimbursed in 58 markets.


In the U.S., BRUKINSA received accelerated approval from the FDA for MCL in adult patients who have received
at least one prior therapy in November 2019. It was then approved for patients with WM based on a head-to-head
study vs ibrutinib, followed by an accelerated approval in R/R MZL patients who have received at least one anti-
CD20-based regimen. In January 2023, BRUKINSA was approved for the treatment of adult patients with CLL or
SLL in both the treatment naive and relapsed setting based on two Phase 3 studies. BRUKINSA is the only BTK
inhibitor to demonstrate progression-free survival (“PFS”) superiority to ibrutinib in R/R CLL/SLL in all patient
segments, including high-risk (17p/TP53). In March 2024, BRUKINSA received accelerated approval from the FDA
for R/R FL in combination with obinutuzumab. In June 2025, BRUKINSA received approval of its tablet formulation.


In Europe, BRUKINSA received approval from the European Commission (“EC”) for the treatment of adult patients
with WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of patients unsuitable for
chemo-immunotherapy, as well as for the treatment of patients with R/R MZL and for the treatment of patients with
CLL. In November 2023, the EC approved BRUKINSA in combination with obinutuzumab for the treatment of adult
patients with R/R FL who have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy. BRUKINSA is now approved
to treat more patient populations in Europe than any other BTK inhibitor. In August 2025, BRUKINSA received
approval from the EC of a film-coated tablet formulation for all approved indications.


In China, BRUKINSA has received approvals from the China National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) for
the treatment of adult patients with CLL/SLL and WM, and conditional approvals for adult patients with R/R MCL
and 3L FL. Currently, all approved indications for BRUKINSA are included in the National Reimbursement Drug List
(“NRDL”) by the China National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”).


BRUKINSA received approval in Japan for WM and CLL/SLL in December 2024.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            15
BUSINESS


TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab)

Market Opportunity


Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody medicines had revenues of over US$50 billion in 2025 based on public
reports. The 2025 China PD-1/L1 market (net revenue) was approximately US$4 billion.


Global revenues are projected to increase through 2028, according to published reports, driven by multiple factors
including indication expansion, approvals and adoptions in earlier lines of therapies, further market penetration, and
extension of duration of therapy.


TEVIMBRA


TEVIMBRA is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor programmed cell
death protein 1 (“PD-1”) that we specifically designed to minimize binding to Fc receptor gamma (“FcγR”), which is
believed to play an essential role in activating phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T
effector cells.


We have received regulatory approvals for TEVIMBRA marketing applications in multiple geographies, including
the EU/European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) (comprising 27 countries plus Iceland and Norway) and 23 countries
across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and other markets.


TEVIMBRA was included in the NRDL in 2021 for second-line locally advanced or metastatic UC with high PD-
L1 expression, in 2022 for first-line locally advanced unresectable or metastatic non-squamous non-small cell
lung cancer (“NSCLC”), first-line locally advanced unresectable or metastatic squamous NSCLC and second-
line metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”), in 2023 for second-line locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC
with driver gene negative/unknown, second-line metastatic MSI-H solid tumors, second-line locally advanced or
metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (“ESCC”), and first-line recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal
cancer (“NPC”), in 2024 for first-line locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal
junction adenocarcinoma (“G/GEJA”) with high PD-L1 expression and first-line unresectable locally advanced,
recurrent or metastatic ESCC, and in 2025 for first-line metastatic G/GEJA irrespective of PD-L1 expression status,
first-line extensive stage small cell lung cancer (“ES-SCLC”) and first-line unresectable or metastatic HCC, and in
2026 for peri-operative treatment for resectable stage II and IIIA NSCLC.




16      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                BUSINESS


Market   Approval

China    for neoadjuvant treatment in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy and for adjuvant
         treatment as monotherapy after surgery in patients with resectable stage II or III NSCLC
         in combination with etoposide and platinum chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for patients with
         extensive-stage small cell lung cancer
         for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric
         or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression in combination with
         fluoropyrimidine and platinum chemotherapy
         for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous
         NSCLC in combination with chemotherapy
         for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous
         NSCLC, with epidermal growth factor receptor (“EGFR”) genomic tumor aberrations negative and
         ALK genomic tumor negative in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy
         for second- or third-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC who
         progressed on prior platinum-based chemotherapy
         for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC who have disease progression
         following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy
         for first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC in combination with
         chemotherapy
         for first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC
         for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic HCC
         for the treatment of patients with advanced HCC who have received Sorafenib, Lenvatinib or systemic
         chemotherapy containing Oxaliplatin
         conditional approval for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial
         carcinoma (“UC”) with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following
         platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with
         platinum-containing chemotherapy
         conditional approval for patients with previously treated, locally advanced unresectable or metastatic
         microsatellite instability-high (“MSI-H”) or mismatch repair-deficient (“dMMR”) solid tumors




                                           BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT       17
BUSINESS


Market       Approval

Europe       for first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic ESCC
             whose tumors express PD-L1 with a tumor area positivity (“TAP”) score > 5%, in combination with
             platinum-based chemotherapy
             as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable, recurrent, locally
             advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior chemotherapy
             for the first-line treatment of adult patients with non-squamous NSCLC, whose tumors have PDL1
             expression on >50% of tumor cells with no EGFR or ALK positive mutations and who have locally
             advanced NSCLC and are not candidates for surgical resection or platinum-based chemoradiation, or
             metastatic NSCLC, in combination with pemetrexed and platinum-containing chemotherapy
             for the first-line treatment of adult patients with squamous non-small cell lung cancer who
             have: locally advanced NSCLC and are not candidates for surgical resection or platinum-based
             chemoradiation, or metastatic NSCLC in combination with carboplatin and either paclitaxel or nab-
             paclitaxel
             as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic
             non-small cell lung cancer after prior platinum-based therapy
             in combination with etoposide and platinum chemotherapy, is indicated for the first-line treatment of
             adult patients with extensive-stage SCLC
             in combination with gemcitabine and cisplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of adult patients
             with recurrent, not amenable to curative surgery or radiotherapy, or metastatic NPC
             in combination with platinum-containing chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment and then continued
             as monotherapy as adjuvant treatment, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with resectable
             NSCLC at high risk of recurrence
             for the first-line treatment of adult patients with HER-2-negative locally advanced unresectable
             or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction (“G/GEJ”) adenocarcinoma whose tumors
             express PD-L1 with a TAP score > 5%, in combination with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based
             chemotherapy
             alternative dosing regimen of 400mg administered once every 6 weeks (Q6W) for all approved
             indications




18       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Market        Approval

Japan         in combination with fluorouracil and cisplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with
              unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic esophageal carcinoma (“EC”)
              is indicated for patients with unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic EC that have
              progressed after cancer chemotherapy


U.S.          in combination with platinum-containing chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of adults with
              unresectable or metastatic ESCC whose tumors express PD-L1 (≥1)
              in adults with unresectable or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic chemotherapy that did not
              include a PD-L1 inhibitor
              in combination with platinum and fluoropyrimidine based chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment
              of adults with unresectable or metastatic HER2 negative gastric or gastroesophageal junction
              adenocarcinoma whose tumors express PD-L1 (≥1)
              alternative dosing regimen of TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab) of 150mg administered once every 2 weeks
              (Q2W) of 300mg administered once every 4 weeks (Q4W) of 400mg administered once every 6 weeks
              (Q6W) in 1L/2L ESCC and GC


In-Licensed Products from Amgen

We are currently commercializing the following cancer medicines in China under an exclusive license from Amgen:


XGEVA ®

XGEVA (denosumab) is an antibody-based RANK ligand (“RANKL”) inhibitor that was approved globally for the
prevention of skeletal-related events (“SREs”) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and in patients
with multiple myeloma (“MM”), and for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents with giant cell
tumor of bone (“GCTB”). XGEVA is approved in over 70 countries worldwide. In China, XGEVA received conditional
approval in the GCTB indication in May 2019 (converted to regular approval) and received conditional approval for
the SRE indications in November 2020. We began marketing XGEVA in China in July 2020. In December 2020, we
announced the inclusion of XGEVA in the NRDL for the treatment of GCTB, which was successfully renewed for
inclusion in 2023. Beginning in January 2024, the SRE indication was also included in the NRDL.


BLINCYTO ®

BLINCYTO (blinatumomab), a bispecific CD-19 directed CD3 T-cell engager, is the first and only approved bi-
specific T-cell engager (“BiTE”) immunotherapy. It has been approved in 60 countries for use in patients with acute
lymphoblastic leukemia (“ALL”). In China, BLINCYTO received conditional approval as a treatment for adult patients
with R/R ALL in December 2020 (converted to regular approval) and was conditionally approved in April 2022 for
pediatric patients with R/R B-cell precursor ALL. We began commercializing BLINCYTO in August 2021.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            19
BUSINESS


KYPROLIS ®

KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), a proteasome inhibitor, has been approved in over 60 countries for use in patients with R/R
MM. It was approved in China as a treatment for patients with R/R MM in July 2021 and we began commercializing
KYPROLIS in January 2022. KYPROLIS was included on the NRDL beginning in March 2023 for its approved
indication in China.


In-Licensed Products from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”)

As part of our settlement agreement with BMS, our commercialization of the following cancer medicines licensed
from BMS terminated in February 2025: REVLIMID® (lenalidomide), an oral immunomodulatory medicine; and
VIDAZA® (azacitidine for injection), a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects of
DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression.


Other In-Licensed Products

We commercialize the following medicines in China under an exclusive license from EUSA Pharma, a Recordati
company:


SYLVANT ®

SYLVANT (siltuximab), an interleukin-6 (“IL-6”) antagonist, was approved as a treatment for patients with idiopathic
multicentric Castleman disease (“iMCD”) who are human immunodeficiency virus (“HIV”) negative and human
herpesvirus-8 (“HHV-8”) negative. SYLVANT was approved in China in December 2021 for the treatment of adult
patients with MCD who are HIV negative and HHV-8 negative, also known as iMCD. Beginning in January 2024,
Sylvant was included in the NRDL.


QARZIBA ®

QARZIBA (dinutuximab beta), a mouse-human chimeric monoclonal GD2 antibody, was granted conditional
approval by the NMPA for the treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above
who have previously received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as patients with a history of R/R neuroblastoma with or
without residual disease. We began commercializing QARZIBA in December 2021.


We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Bio-Thera:




20     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


POBEVCY ® (BAT1706)

POBEVCY is a biosimilar to Avastin (bevacizumab) developed by Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd., a commercial-stage
biopharmaceutical company located in Guangzhou, China. In China, Avastin is approved for the treatment of
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, NSCLC, glioblastoma, ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal, and
cervical cancers.


POBEVCY was approved by the NMPA in China in November 2021 and launched in late 2021 for the treatment
of patients with advanced, metastatic or recurrent NSCLC, metastatic colorectal cancer, recurrent glioblastoma,
epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer and cervical cancer.


We have acquired the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize POBEVCY in China, including Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan.


We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Luye Pharma:


BAITUOWEI ® (goserelin microspheres for injection)

Baituowei (Goserelin Microspheres for Injection), developed by Luye Pharma, is the world’s first and only approved
microsphere formulation of Goserelin. With its innovative microsphere formulation, Baituowei is able to ensure
efficacy and safety while significantly improving patient experience. Baituowei was approved by the NMPA in China
in June 2023 for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer requiring androgen deprivation therapy and included
in the NRDL in 2023 and was approved by the NMPA in China in September 2023 for treating breast cancer (“BC”)
in premenopausal and perimenopausal women that can be treated with hormones and included in the NRDL in
2024.


Reimbursement and Market Access


Our sales are largely dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors.
In many markets these third parties are government health systems and in some markets, such as the U.S., there
are also private payors such as private health insurers and health systems. As of December 31, 2025, we have
commercialized our products in over 60 markets.


In the U.S., most health insurance coverage is provided by private insurers, often accessed via employer-sponsored
plans, and the two main public insurance programs, Medicare and Medicaid. All three types of programs usually
have some type of coverage for pharmaceutical products. There is no central list of covered pharmaceuticals in the
U.S., as there is no single payer system. As such, the prices paid for pharmaceuticals in the U.S. can vary.


We offer patient assistance programs in the U.S. under our myBeOne Support program. This program seeks to
enhance access to BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA by assisting with obtaining reimbursement, co-pay assistance when
allowed, temporary supply of free product for insurance delays, and free product assistance for some uninsured
and underinsured patients. Oncology Nurse Advocates at myBeOne Support provide education and information
about BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA and their approved indications, and connect patients to advocacy organizations
such as cancer support groups and transportation/lodging assistance.



                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT        21
BUSINESS


In China, there is one main payor, the government’s national health care coverage system, which provides Basic
Medical Insurance to the majority (greater than 95%) of China’s approximately 1.4 billion people. There are three
types of coverage plans in China at the national level that depend on if a resident lives in an urban or rural setting
and if they are employed. The different plans have different characteristics in terms of how the plan is paid for and
what it covers. Coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals in China comes under the purview of the NHSA,
which oversees the NRDL. The NRDL is composed of three lists. The ‘A’ and ‘B’ lists are commonly referred to as
the ‘regular’ lists. The A list generally includes older, off-patent medicines, while the B list generally includes newer
medicines, some with remaining patent protection, which are reimbursed at a lower rate compared to the A list. In
2017, a third list was added to the system, often referred to as the ‘C’ list or the ‘negotiation’ list. This list generally
includes newer innovative medicines which are accepted on the list after successful negotiation between the NHSA
and the company. Typically, inclusion on the C list is accompanied by a discount to the prevailing list price in China
for the medicine at the time of inclusion. The NRDL price for a medicine is its prevailing price in China, but the
actual reimbursement rate that is used can be modified at the provincial level. In the 2022 NRDL, a price bidding
process for non-exclusive drugs was undertaken on the C list to set the national reimbursement price benchmark.


Several of our medicines are listed in the NRDL. The latest NRDL list was announced in December 2025. The
following medicines and indications have been included in the NRDL, effective January 1, 2026:


•     TEVIMBRA in its eligible approved indications:


      –     In combination with platinum-based chemotherapy for neoadjuvant treatment, followed by continuation
            of this product as monotherapy for adjuvant treatment after surgery, for patients with resectable stage II
            or IIIA NSCLC (approved in October 2024 and included in the NRDL in 2025);


      –     As a first-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic HCC (approved in December 2023
            and included in the NRDL in 2024);


      –     In combination with etoposide and platinum chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for patients with
            ES-SCLC (approved in June 2024 and included in the NRDL in 2024);


      –     In combination with fluoropyrimidine and platinum chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients
            with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma
            (approved in April 2024 and included in the NRDL in 2024)1;


      –     In combination with paclitaxel plus platinum- or fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-based chemotherapy,
            for the first-line treatment of patients with unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic ESCC
            (approved in May 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023);




1     The indication is an expansion of the previous indication “In combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-based
      chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or
      gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression”, which was approved in February 2023 and
      included in the NRDL at the end of 2023.




22        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                            BUSINESS


–   For the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC with
    EGFR genomic tumor aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative and have progressed after
    or did not tolerate prior platinum-based chemotherapy; and of adult patients with locally advanced or
    metastatic squamous NSCLC, with EGFR and ALK negative or unknown, that have progressed after or
    did not tolerate prior platinum-based chemotherapy (approved in December 2021 and included in the
    NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


–   For the treatment of adult patients with advanced unresectable or metastatic MSI-H or dMMR solid
    tumors: patients with advanced colorectal cancer (“CRC”) who had been treated fluoropyrimidines,
    oxaliplatin and irinotecan; patients with other advanced solid tumors who develop disease progression
    after prior treatment and have no satisfactory alternative treatment options (approved in March 2022 and
    included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


–   For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC who have disease progression
    following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy (approved in April 2022 and included in
    the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


–   In combination with Gemcitabine and cisplatin, as first-line treatment in patients with recurrent or
    metastatic NPC (approved in June 2022 and included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


–   For use in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy as a first-line treatment in patients
    with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC, with EGFR genomic tumor
    aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative (approved in June 2021 and included in the
    NRDL in 2021);


–   For the treatment of patients with HCC who have been previously received Sorafenib, Lenvatinib or
    systemic chemotherapy containing Oxaliplatin (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the
    NRDL in 2021);


–   For use in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin as a first-line treatment in patients with
    unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC (approved in January 2021 and included
    in the NRDL in 2021); and


–   For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC with PD-L1 high expression whose
    disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of
    neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy (conditionally approved in
    April 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020).




                                       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT           23
BUSINESS


•    BRUKINSA successfully renewed its approved indications:


     –     In combination with obinutuzumab, for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory FL who
           have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy (approved in May 2024 and included in the
           NRDL in 2024);


     –     For the treatment of patients with CLL or SLL (approved in April 2023 and included in the NRDL at the
           end of 2023)2;


     –     For the treatment of patients with WM (approved in April 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of
           2023)3; and


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally
           approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020).


•    BAITUOWEI successfully renewed its approved indications:


     –     For the treatment of patients with BC in premenopausal and perimenopausal women that can be treated
           with hormone therapy (approved in September 2023 and included in the NRDL in 2024); and


     –     For the treatment of patients with prostate cancer requiring androgen deprivation therapy (approved in
           June 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023).


•    PARTRUVIX successfully renewed its eligible approved indications:


     –     For the treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA) mutation-associated recurrent advanced
           ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with two or more lines of
           chemotherapy (approved in April 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021).


•    SYLVANT successfully renewed its approved indications:


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman disease (“MCD”) who are human
           immunodeficiency virus (“HIV”) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (“HHV-8”) negative (approved in
           December 2021 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023).




2    The indication included “both treatment-naïve patients and adult patients with CLL/SLL who have received at least one prior
     therapy”. “For the treatment of adult patients with CLL/SLL who have received at least one prior therapy” was conditionally
     approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020.
3    The indication included “both treatment-naïve patients and adult patients with WM who have received at least one prior
     therapy”. “For the treatment of adult patients with WM who have received at least one prior therapy” was conditionally
     approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021; converted to regular approval in 2023.




24       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


In 2025, NHSA promulgated the first edition of the Commercial Health Insurance Innovative Drug List (“CHIIDL”).
It primarily includes innovative drugs with high innovation, significant clinical value, and substantial patient
benefits that have not yet been included in the NRDL or for which NRDL coverage remains limited. The CHIIDL is
recommended for reference by multi-tiered medical security systems, including commercial health insurance and
medical mutual aid. The discount for drugs listed in the CHIIDL are determined through negotiations, with strict
price confidentiality mechanisms.


The first edition of the CHIIDL was announced in December 2025. The following medicines and indications have
been listed:


•    ZIIHERA in its approved indications:


     –     For the treatment of patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic biliary tract cancer who
           have previously received systemic therapy and are HER2-high (IHC 3+) (approved in May 2025 and
           included in the CHIIDL in 2025).


•    QARZIBA in its approved indications:


     –     For the treatment of patients ≥12 months of age with high-risk neuroblastoma who have previously
           received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by myeloablative
           therapy and stem cell transplant; also for the treatment of relapsed or refractory neuroblastoma with or
           without residual disease. Prior to treatment of relapsed neuroblastoma, appropriate measures should
           be taken to stabilize active progressive disease (approved in August 2021 and included in the CHIIDL in
           2025).


In 2018, China started a new program to centrally purchase non-exclusive medicines for the nation’s health care
system called “volume-based procurement,” or “group purchasing organization” or “4+7” when the program was
first piloted in 11 major cities. After the 2018 pilot program, it was implemented nationally in 2019. It is a tender-
based system that provides guaranteed volume for lowered pricing. Participation in the program requires a
product to have passed a generic quality consistency evaluation, which in turn requires passing a bioequivalence
comparison to the reference listed drug (“RLD”). The system offers a major portion of a market’s volume to winning
bidders. More than one company can win a given tender, and more guaranteed volume is awarded as more bidders
win. The system is still evolving and, as such, the exact terms of how many bidders win and what amount of volume
is won and at what price are also evolving.


It is common in China for pharmaceutical companies to employ patient assistance programs to help patients afford
their innovative medicines. These programs have typically been offered to patients who are self-paying. A typical
program provides a certain number of free doses to patients after a certain number of doses have been paid for.
Usually, these programs end when a medicine is included in the NRDL. We offer these types of patient assistance
programs to our patients.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            25
BUSINESS


OUR PIPELINE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes our pipeline as of February 26, 2026:


                                                                                                                                                                                  Accepted submissions
                                                      Phase 1                                                                        Phase 2           Phase 3                    Major markets (U.S., CN, EU, JP)

Sonrotoclax                          BGB-58067
                                  BCL2i             MTA Coop. PRMT5i Xaluritamig4 STEAP1x CD3 XmAb® Sonrotoclax                       BCL2i Zanubrutinib                   BTKi Sonrotoclax                  BCL2i
  101 B-cell malignancies              101 Lung and Solid tumors          20180146 mCRPC                    203 R/R WM                         306 TN MCL                          201 R/R MCL (U.S., EU)
  102 B-cell malignancies                                                                                   204 TN CLL/SLL                     308 R/R MZL, R/R FL
                                     BG-898943                   MAT2Ai BGB-45035            IRAK4 CDAC                                                                         Tarlatamab4      DLL3 x CD3 BİTE®
  103 AML/MDS                                                                                                                                  309 pMN
                                       101 Lung and Solid tumors         101 Immunology and Inflammation BGB-16673               BTK CDAC                                          20230273 3L+ SCLC (CN)
  105 R/R MM t (11;14)
                                                                                                            101 R/R CLL and R/R WM          Sonrotoclax                  BCL2i     20210004 2L SCLC (CN)
  108 Dose ramp-up                   BG-60366               EGFR CDAC                                       102 R/R CLL                        301 TN CLL
                                       101 Lung cancers                                                                                                                         Tislelizumab             PD-1 mAb
BGB-16673                 BTK CDAC                                                                                                             302 R/R MCL
                                                                                                         Blinatumomab4 CD19 × CD3 BİTE®                                            305 1L GC (JP)
  101 B-cell malignancies            BG-T187 EGFR x MET x MET tsAb                                                                             303 R/R CLL/SLL
                                                                                                            20180257 R/R B-ALL SubQ, MRD+                                          Alternate dosing Q6W (CN)
  102 B-cell malignancies              101 Lung and GI Cancers                                                                                 304 TN CLL (vs. AV)
  104 B-cell malignancies                                                                                Tarlatamab4      DLL3 x CD3 BİTE®
  107 Chronic spontaneous urticaria Tarlatamab4        DLL3 x CD3 BİTE®                                     20240092 2L SCLC (Alt dosing)   BGB-16673              BTK CDAC
                                       20240124 2L+ SCLC (+B7-H3)                                                                              302 R/R CLL
BG-71332               BTKi + BCL2i                                                                      BGB-45035             IRAK4 CDAC      303 R/R CLL/SLL
  101 Relative bioavailability         20230298 2L+ SCLC SubQ                                               201 Rheumatoid Arthritis           304 R/R CLL/SLL (vs. Pirto)
BGB-21447                      BCL2i BG-C0902 EGFR x MET x MET tsADC
                                                                                                                                            Tarlatamab4     DLL3 x CD3 BİTE®
  102 HR + Beast cancer                101 Lung and Gl cancers
                                                                                                                                               20200041 1L ES-SCLC MTx
BGB-43395                      CDK4i BGB-53038               Pan-KRASi                                                                         20240178 1L ES-SCLC Ind. and MTx
  101/102 BC and solid tumors          101 Lung and Gl cancers                                                                                 20230016 LS-SCLC
BG-C90741                 B7-H4 ADC BG-C477                   CEA ADC                                                                       Zanidatamab5           HER2 bsAb
  101 BC and solid tumors              101 Lung and GI cancers                                                                                 301 1L HER2+ GEA
BG-685012                      CDK2i BG-C137               FGFR2b ADC                                                                       Tislelizumab            PD-1 mAb
  101 BC and solid tumors              101 GI cancers                                                                                                                                 Hematology
                                                                                                                                               310 1L UBC
BGB-B455        CLDN6 x CD3 bsAb BGB-B2033          GPC3 x 4-IBB bsAb                                                                          316 subQ                               Lung
     101 Gyn. and solid tumors          101 Solid tumors                                                                                                                             Breast / Gynecological
BG-75202                     KAT6A/Bİ BGB-26808                    HPK1i                                                                                                             Gastrointestinal
     101 BC and solid tumors            101 Solid tumors/pan-tumor                                                                                                                   Other cancers
BG-75098                   CDK2 CDAC
                                                                                                                                                                                     Immunology and Inflammation
     101 BC and solid tumors


1
    DualityBio collaboration, 2 Ensem collaboration, 3 CSPC collaboration, 4 Amgen collaboration, 5 Zymeworks/Jazz collaboration




The following table summarizes the status of our in-licensed drug candidates as of February 26, 2026:


                  Partner                                       Molecule/Asset                                                     Indications         Phase                  Commercial Rights
                                              Tarlatamab ^                                                      SCLC                                Phase 3           Mainland China
                  Amgen
                                              Xaluritamig                                                       Prostate cancer                     Phase 1           Mainland China
                                              Zanidatamab † + chemo +                                           GEA                                 Phase 3           Asia*, Australia, New Zealand
          Zymeworks, Jazz                     Tislelizumab
                                              Zanidatamab † (monotherapy)                                       BTC                                 Phase 2           Asia*, Australia, New Zealand
                DualityBio                    BG-C9074/DB1312                                                   BC, EC, OC, CCA, sqNSCLC            Phase 1a          Global
                  Ensem                       CDK2i                                                             BC and other solid tumors           Phase 1           Global
                   CSPC                       MAT2Ai                                                            Solid tumors                        Phase 1           Global

^             Half-life extended BiTE®; † ZW25


*             Excluding Japan and India


Abbreviations: AML = acute myelogenous leukemia; BC = breast cancer; BTC = biliary tract cancers; GEA = gastroesophageal
adenocarcinoma; MDS = myelodysplastic syndromes; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; SCLC = small cell lung cancer; EC =
endometrial cancer; OC = ovarian cancer; CCA = cholangiocarcinoma




26               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                                           •        2025            ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL- AND CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


A description of our commercial- and clinical-stage drug candidates and clinical data from selected clinical trials
is set forth below. Historically, we have made available, and we intend to continue to make available, clinical data
and/or topline results from clinical trials of our drug candidates in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”), and the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”), copies of which are available on the Investors section of our website.


Hematology
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), a BTK Inhibitor


We are currently evaluating zanubrutinib in a broad pivotal clinical program globally to treat a number of B-cell
malignancies. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in the peripheral blood, bone
marrow and lymph node compartments in patients. Zanubrutinib is the only BTK inhibitor to demonstrate superior
progression-free survival in R/R CLL versus IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), an approved BTK inhibitor.


Clinical Development Updates and Regulatory Status

The global BRUKINSA clinical development program includes over 7,900 patients enrolled in more than 30
countries and regions across more than 45 trials. BRUKINSA is approved in more than 75 markets, and more than
265,000 patients have been treated globally.


Long-term results from the SEQUOIA study demonstrate sustained clinical benefit with BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib),
reinforcing its differentiated profile in frontline CLL, both as monotherapy and in combination with venetoclax. These
data were presented at the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting.


Additional SEQUOIA results presented at the 2025 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting further
confirm the durability of efficacy, showing sustained disease control in treatment-naïve CLL/SLL patients and
continued favorable survival outcomes in the non-randomized del(17p) cohort at 6 years of follow-up.


Final analysis of the randomized Phase 2 ROSEWOOD study of zanubrutinib plus obinutuzumab (“ZO”) vs
obinutuzumab monotherapy in patients with R/R FL confirmed the favorable risk-benefit profile of ZO. The objective
response rate (“ORR”) and complete response (“CR”) rate with ZO improved over time, responses remained
durable, and the PFS benefit over O was sustained. ZO had a manageable safety profile with no new safety signals
observed; detailed data were presented at the annual ASH 2025 conference.


Results from the ALPINE trial in patients with CLL/SLL showed reduced risk of symptom deterioration associated
with earlier disease progression in comparison with ibrutinib; detailed data were presented at the annual ASH 2025
conference.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            27
BUSINESS


Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that BRUKINSA has a best-in-class profile and we have initiated
broad global pivotal programs in multiple indications, which led to regulatory approvals of five indications globally.
Current ongoing Phase 3 studies include:


•    MANGROVE: A Randomized Global Study Comparing Zanubrutinib Plus Rituximab vs. Bendamustine Plus
     Rituximab in subjects With Previously Untreated MCL Who Are Ineligible for Stem Cell Transplantation
     (NCT04002297).


•    MAHOGANY: A Study of Zanubrutinib Plus Anti-CD20 Versus Lenalidomide Plus Rituximab in Participants
     With Relapsed/Refractory Follicular or Marginal Zone Lymphoma (MAHOGANY).


•    SEQUOIA: A Global Phase 3 study Comparing Zanubrutinib With Bendamustine Plus Rituximab in Participants
     With Previously Untreated CLL or SLL, including participants without del(17p) [Cohort 1] and participants
     with del(17p) [Cohort 2 and Cohort 3]. Participants in Cohort 1 are randomized 1:1 to zanubrutinib (Arm A) or
     bendamustine plus rituximab (Arm B). Randomization will be stratified by age, Binet stage, immunoglobulin
     variable region heavy chain (IGHV) mutational status, and geographic region. Participants in Cohort 2 will
     receive treatment with zanubrutinib. Participants in Cohort 3 will receive treatment with zanubrutinib and
     venetoclax (NCT03336333).


We are also investigating zanubrutinib in several combination studies in MCL, MZL and CLL/SLL, including a Phase
3 trial in combination with sonrotoclax in front-line CLL/SLL. We continue to examine opportunities for zanubrutinib
combinations with both sonrotoclax and our BTK-CDAC (BGB-16673).


We continue to pursue regulatory approvals for BRUKINSA globally.


Sonrotoclax (BGB-11417), a Small Molecule BCL2 Inhibitor


Our differentiated BCL2 inhibitor, sonrotoclax, was intentionally designed to have higher potency and selectivity
compared to venetoclax, with a shorter half-life and no accumulation. We believe that efficacy signals and
safety data from more than 2,500 patients enrolled through February 2026 in different indications and in different
combinations continue to support the pre-clinical best-in-class promise.


This year marked a series of significant milestones for the sonrotoclax program. Sonrotoclax was granted approval
in China for adult patients with R/R MCL and CLL/SLL patients who have received at least one systemic therapy,
including a BTK inhibitor. The approval is supported by data demonstrating deep and durable responses and
manageable tolerability based on parallel submissions of data from two studies. In the Phase 1/2 single-arm study
of patients with R/R MCL treated with 320 mg of sonrotoclax (n=103), overall response rate (ORR) as assessed by
independent review committee (IRC) was 52.4% (95% CI, 42.4-62.4). In the Phase 2 open-label study of patients
with R/R CLL/SLL treated with sonrotoclax (n=100), ORR as assessed by IRC was 77%.




28     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


We announced positive topline results for the Phase 2 sonrotoclax study in R/R MCL (NCT05471843) in August
2025. The study met its primary endpoint of ORR, and the study also showed promising results across several
secondary efficacy endpoints, including CR rate, duration of response (“DOR”) and PFS. The safety profile was
generally well-tolerated, and the toxicities were manageable. Based on these results, sonrotoclax was granted
Breakthrough Therapy Designation for the treatment of adult patients with R/R MCL by the FDA in October 2025.
Our new drug application of sonrotoclax for the treatment of adult patients with R/R MCL, following treatment with
a BTK inhibitor, was granted Priority Review by the FDA in November 2025. In R/R CLL, our China-only pivotal
Phase 2 trial (NCT05479994) had a positive readout based on 12-month follow-up. The 6-month follow up data
formed the basis of our initial submission in China in April 2025, and a rolling submission of our 12-month follow-up
data into the China NDA has been completed.


Multiple trials with registration potential have completed enrollment or are nearing complete enrollment. A Phase 2
study of sonrotoclax as monotherapy and in combinations with zanubrutinib in patients with R/R WM (NCT05952037)
and a Phase 3 study of sonrotoclax plus zanubrutinib compared with venetoclax plus obinutuzumab in patients
with TN CLL/SLL (NCT06073821) have completed enrollment. Our Phase 2 study of sonrotoclax plus zanubrutinib
compared with zanubrutinib monotherapy, which is a regulatory requirement of our TN CLL filing package, also
completed enrollment.


Initial results from an ongoing Phase 1/1b study (NCT04277637) were presented at ASH 2025. Sonrotoclax plus
obinutuzumab was generally well-tolerated in patients with TN CLL/SLL, with no sonrotoclax discontinuations or
deaths due to TEAEs. No laboratory or clinical TLS events occurred during sonrotoclax ramp-up. Encouraging
antitumor activity was observed with sonrotoclax 320 mg. High rates of blood uMRD4 occurred early and deepened
over time. All patients with an available C15 MRD assessment by NGS or FC achieved uMRD4 and remain in
remission.


Initial results from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study with sonrotoclax (NCT04973605) as monotherapy and in various
combinations with carfilzomib and dexamethasone in patients with t(11;14)-positive R/R MM were also presented
at ASH 2025. The sonrotoclax combination therapy demonstrated a tolerable safety profile and encouraging
antimyeloma activity, with an 84% ORR and a 32% CR/sCR rate in heavily pretreated patients with t(11;14)-positive
R/R MM.


With these encouraging results, our sonrotoclax program is steadily progressing with its first global approval, its
first FDA and EMA new drug applications under review, and ongoing pivotal stage global development.


BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted CDAC


BGB-16673 is an orally available, brain-penetrating BTK targeting CDAC designed to promote the degradation, or
breakdown, of both wildtype and mutant forms of BTK, including those that commonly result in resistance to BTK
inhibitors in patients who experience progressive disease. BGB-16673 is the most advanced BTK degrader in the
clinic, with more than 1,000 patients treated to date across the global CaDAnCe clinical development program.
The FDA granted Fast Track Designation to BGB-16673 in 2024 for the treatment of adult patients with R/R CLL/
SLL who have been previously treated with at least two prior lines of therapy, including a BTK inhibitor and a BCL2
inhibitor, and adult patients with R/R MCL. In July 2025, we achieved PRIME designation from the EMA for BGB-
16673 for the treatment of patients with WM previously treated with a BTK.



                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            29
BUSINESS


Updated efficacy and safety results from the ongoing Phase 1 CaDAnCe-101 study in patients with R/R CLL/SLL
were presented at ASH 2025. Data demonstrate that BGB-16673 has a tolerable safety profile and shows robust
and deepening responses in heavily pretreated patients.


A Phase 2 expansion cohort of this study is enrolling in R/R CLL after BCL2 inhibitor and BTK inhibitor directed
therapy (NCT05006716), and enrollment is ongoing in three Phase 3 studies (NCT06846671, NCT06970743,
NCT06973187) designed to support filings in later lines of CLL, including a potential accelerated approval filing
in R/R CLL in 2026 if data support such submission. In October 2025, we achieved first subject enrolled in
CaDAnCe-304, our head-to-head study versus pirtobrutinib in R/R CLL. We are also enrolling in a platform study
(NCT06634589) to generate combination data of strategic importance across multiple B-cell malignancies.


Solid Tumors
TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab), an anti-PD-1 Antibody


Tislelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 that has been
evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally.


Clinical Development Updates and Regulatory Status

We have completed more than 15 registration-enabling clinical trials in lung, liver, urothelial carcinoma, and
nasopharyngeal cancer globally, including 11 Phase 3 randomized trials and four Phase 2 trials supporting
regulatory submissions globally. We have four active studies in HER2+ gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma (“GEA”),
urothelial carcinoma, gastric cancer, and solid tumors:


•     The Phase 3 HERIZON-GEA-01 trial evaluates ZIIHERA® (zanidatamab), a HER2-targeted bispecific antibody,
      in combination with chemotherapy, with and without TEVIMBRA, as a first-line treatment for HER2-positive
      locally advanced or metastatic GEA.


•     A Phase 3 confirmatory trial in China to investigate tislelizumab plus either cisplatin or carboplatin plus
      gemcitabine in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (NCT03967977).


•     A global Phase 3 trial to investigate tislelizumab administered as subcutaneous injection versus intravenous
      infusion plus chemotherapy in patients with unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction
      (“GEJ”) adenocarcinoma (NCT07043400).


•     A Phase 2 trial in China to investigate tislelizumab in patients with MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors (NCT03736889).




30      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •       2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


Notably, the data from the first interim analysis of the HERIZON-GEA-01 trial were announced in January 2026
during the ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium (“ASCO GI”). The addition of TEVIMBRA to ZIIHERA and
chemotherapy demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in both PFS and overall
survival (“OS”) compared to the control arm, regardless of PD-L1 expression level. Results showed a 37% reduction
in the risk of disease progression and a greater than 4-month improvement in mPFS as well as a 28% reduction in
the risk of death and a greater than 7-month improvement in mOS. There is a high GEA burden in Asia, where we
hold ZIIHERA rights, excluding Japan and India, along with TEVIMBRA. We intend to submit supplemental BLAs
to the FDA for TEVIMBRA and to the Center for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of the NMPA for TEVIMBRA and ZIIHERA,
based on these data. We also intend to work with regulatory authorities in our licensed territories to expedite
regulatory submissions in these markets.


As of December 2025, we had enrolled over 15,800 subjects in clinical trials of tislelizumab monotherapy or in
combination in more than 33 countries, including 5,000+ subjects outside of China. These studies include nine
multi-regional registrational trials that are designed for global regulatory approvals. Data from our trials thus far
have suggested that tislelizumab was generally well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of tumor
types.


Lung Cancer
BGB-58067, an MTA-Cooperative PRMT5 Inhibitor


BGB-58067 is an investigational MTA-Cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06568614) as monotherapy in patients with MTAP deficiency advanced or metastatic solid tumors.


BG-T187, an anti-EGFR x MET x MET trispecific antibody


BG-T187 is an investigational anti-EGFR x MET x MET trispecific antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06598800) as monotherapy or in combination with other therapeutic agents in patients with advanced solid
tumors.


BG-C0902, an EGFR x MET x MET trispecific ADC


BG-C0902 is an investigational EGFR x MET x MET trispecific ADC being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT07181681) as monotherapy or in combination with other therapeutic agents in patients with advanced solid
tumors.


BG-60366, an EGFR-targeted CDAC


BG-60366 is an investigational EGFR-targeting CDAC being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06685718) as
monotherapy in patients with EGFR-mutant Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            31
BUSINESS


BG-89894 (SYH2039), a MAT2A Inhibitor


BG-89894 (SYH2039) is an investigational MAT2A inhibitor being evaluated in multiple Phase 1 clinical trials as
mono and combo therapy in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. We licensed this asset from CSPC
Zhongqi Pharmaceutical Technology (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd in December 2024.


BGB-C354, an anti-B7-H3 ADC (development discontinued)


BGB-C354 is an investigational ADC targeting B7-H3 that was being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06422520) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. The
trial is in closeout.


Gastro-Intestinal Cancer
Zanidatamab, a bispecific HER2-targeted antibody


ZIIHERA® (zanidatamab), a novel investigational bispecific antibody targeting HER2, is approved in the U.S., China,
Canada and other markets for adults with previously treated, unresectable or metastatic HER2 positive (IHC 3+)
biliary tract cancer (“BTC”). Zanidatamab is currently in late-stage clinical development with Zymeworks Inc./Jazz
Pharmaceuticals plc (“Jazz”). We have development and commercial rights to zanidatamab in Asia (excluding
Japan and India), Australia, and New Zealand. We are participating in one ongoing clinical study with zanidatamab,
a global Phase 3 clinical trial (NCT05152147) examining zanidatamab in combination with chemotherapy with and
without tislelizumab in HER2-positive gastroesophageal cancer. In November 2025, Jazz announced positive top-
line results from the HERIZON-GEA-01 trial, and full data were disclosed at ASCO GI 2026.


A BLA for the HER2-amplified BTC indication in which zanidatamab is being used as monotherapy was approved
by China NMPA in May 2025. In June 2025, Jazz announced that the Marketing Authorization Application for
zanidatamab in 2L BTC was granted conditional marketing authorization by the EMA. BeOne intends to submit
supplemental BLAs to the FDA for TEVIMBRA and to the CDE of the NMPA for TEVIMBRA and ZIIHERA, based on
results from the HERIZON-GEA-01 trial. We also intend to work with regulatory authorities in our licensed territories
to expedite regulatory submissions in these markets. We continue to participate with Jazz in a confirmatory study
(NCT06282575) as first line treatment for subjects with HER2 + BTC.


In January 2026, the New Drug Submission (“NDS”) for ZIIHERA was approved by Health Canada for the treatment
of adults with previously treated, unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HER2-positive (IHC 3+) BTC, as
monotherapy. The approval was granted under Health Canada’s Notice of Compliance with Conditions pathway.


BGB-B2033, an anti-GPC3 x 4-1BB bispecific antibody


BGB-B2033 is an investigational anti-GPC3 x 4-1BB bispecific antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06427941) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab and bevacizumab in patients with selected
advanced or metastatic solid tumors. In December 2025, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation to BGB-B2033
for the treatment of adult patients with HCC with disease progression on or after prior systemic treatment.




32      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


BG-C477, an anti-CEA ADC


BG-C477 is an investigational ADC targeting CEA being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06596473) as
monotherapy in patients with selected advanced solid tumors.


BG-C137, an anti-FGFR2b ADC


BG-C137 is an investigational ADC targeting FGFR2b being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06625593) as
monotherapy in patients with advanced solid tumors.


BGB-26808, an HPK-1 Inhibitor


BGB-26808 is a second-generation HPK-1 inhibitor with a different scaffold from BGB-15025 being evaluated in a
Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05981703) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced
solid tumors.


BGB-53038, a Pan-KRAS Inhibitor


BGB-53038 is an investigational Pan-KRAS inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06585488) as
monotherapy and in combinations in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors with KRAS mutations or
amplifications.


BGB-B3227, an anti-MUC1 x CD16A bispecific antibody (development discontinued)


BGB-B3227 is an investigational anti-MUC1 x CD16A bispecific antibody that was being evaluated in a Phase
1 clinical trial (NCT06540066) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced or
metastatic solid tumors. The trial is in closeout.


Breast/Gynecologic Cancer
BGB-43395, a CDK4 Inhibitor


BGB-43395 is an investigational CDK4 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06120283) as
monotherapy or in combination with either fulvestrant or letrozole in patients with hormone receptor positive (“HR+”)
and human epidermal growth factor 2 negative (“HER2-”) BC and other advanced solid tumors.


BG-C9074, an anti-B7-H4 ADC


BG-C9074 is an investigational ADC targeting B7-H4 being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06233942) as
monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. BG-C9074 is licensed
from Duality Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            33
BUSINESS


BG-68501, a CDK2 Inhibitor


BG-68501 is an investigational CDK2 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06257264) as
monotherapy or in combination with fulvestrant with or without BGB-43395 in patients with HR+ and HER2 – BC
and other advanced solid tumors. BG-68501 is licensed from Ensem Therapeutics, Inc.


BG-75098, a CDK2 CDAC


BG-75098 is an investigational CDK2 CDAC being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT07226349) alone and in
combination with BGB-43395 and fulvestrant in participants with advanced solid tumors.


BGB-75202, a KAT6A/B Inhibitor


BG-75202 is an investigational lysine acetyltransferase (“KAT6A/B”) inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical
trial (NCT07222267) alone and in combination with other therapies in participants with breast cancer and other
advanced solid tumors.


BGB-21447, a BCL2 Inhibitor


BGB-21447 is an investigational BCL2 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05828589) as
monotherapy in BC and other solid tumors. In preclinical studies, BGB-21447 shows additional potency and
selectivity, with a longer half-life than sonrotoclax.


BGB-B445, an anti-Claudin 6 x CD3 bispecific antibody


BGB-B445 is an investigational anti-claudin 6 x CD3 bispecific antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06803680) as a monotherapy in advanced or metastatic solid tumors.


Immunology & Inflammation
BGB-45035, an IRAK4 targeted CDAC


BGB-45035 is an investigational interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 4 (“IRAK4”) targeting CDAC being
evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06342713) as monotherapy in healthy participants and patients with atopic
dermatitis or prurigo nodularis and in a Phase 2 clinical trial (NCT07100938) in adults with moderate to severe active
rheumatoid arthritis.


BGB-16673, a BTK targeted CDAC


BGB-16673 is being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT07005713) in adults with chronic spontaneous
urticaria.




34      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS


We have deep expertise in designing small molecule inhibitors and biologics, and are emerging leaders in protein
degradation, bi – and tri-specific antibodies, and ADCs.


In the last decade, our preclinical research and development platform has generated more than 35 clinical stage
assets, including four internally-developed molecules that have been commercially approved. In 2024 and 2025, we
advanced 18 NMEs into the clinic. Our discovery engine is a full-process technology system spanning from early
discovery to commercialization of oncology medicines based on multiple drug technology platforms that can be
applied to oncology and other fields. Currently, we have over 70 preclinical programs and we believe the majority
have best-in-class or first-in-class potential.


We anticipate advancing many of our preclinical drug candidates into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe
that we have the opportunity to combine assets within our pipeline. We also may seek to develop companion
diagnostics that will help identify patients who are most likely to benefit from the use of our medicines and drug
candidates.


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY


We manufacture our medicines and drug candidates internally and in some cases with the help of contract
manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”). The manufacturing of our medicines and drug candidates is subject to
extensive regulations that impose various procedural and documentation requirements governing recordkeeping,
manufacturing processes and controls, personnel, quality control, and quality assurance, among others. Our
manufacturing facilities and the facilities of the CMOs we use to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates
operate under current good manufacturing practice (“cGMP”) conditions. cGMP regulations are requirements for
the production of pharmaceuticals that will be used in humans.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.     •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           35
BUSINESS


Our Manufacturing Facilities


We have manufacturing facilities for small molecule drugs and large molecule biologics in Suzhou and Guangzhou,
China, respectively, to support the commercialization and potential future demand of our internally developed or in-
licensed products. In July 2024, we opened our flagship U.S. campus for clinical R&D and biologics manufacturing
in New Jersey.


Our U.S. manufacturing facility is located on a 42-acre site at the Princeton West Innovation Park in Hopewell, New
Jersey. The Hopewell facility is positioned strategically in the Interstate 95 corridor of New Jersey, with a deep and
rich talent pool, and has more than one million square feet of developable real estate for potential future expansion
to cover our existing medicines and pipeline. This site has 8,000 liters of large molecule biologics manufacturing
capacity. This site is now fully online with the successful technology transfer and qualification of our TEVIMBRA
process, marking our first U.S.-based expected commercial manufacturing.


Our manufacturing facility in Suzhou is 52,000 square meters and consists of a manufacturing base for small
molecule drug products with an annual production capacity of approximately 600 million tablets and capsules.
The facility meets or exceeds design criteria of the U.S., EU, and China regulatory requirements, and has been in
operation for clinical product supply since the beginning of 2024, with commercial supply in operation since May
2025. The biologics manufacturing business at the former site in Suzhou concluded in January 2025, with some
quality control testing expected to continue until the second quarter of 2026.


Our commercial-scale large-molecule biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou is approximately 158,000
square meters. Phases 1 and 2 (completed in September 2019 and December 2020, respectively) provide 24,000
liters of single-use bioreactor capacity and are approved for end-to-end commercial manufacturing of TEVIMBRA
for the China market. In 2024, we qualified Phase 3 capacity consisting of eight 5,000-liter bioreactors, increasing
total capacity to 64,000 liters. Additionally, in April 2024, we commissioned a new campus that includes an ADC
manufacturing facility and 1,000 liters of biologics clinical production capacity. The campus also includes reserved
land for future expansion to support pipeline development. Following this expansion, total biologics manufacturing
capacity at the Guangzhou facility will be approximately 65,000 liters.




36     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Contract Manufacturing Organizations


We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third-party CMOs and CROs for the
production of some drug products and drug substances and the supply of raw materials to meet the commercial,
clinical, and preclinical needs of our medicines and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that
the production qualifications, facilities, and processes of the third-party suppliers engaged by us comply with
relevant regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operational guidelines. We select our third-party
suppliers carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production
capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules,
and business terms.


With our internal manufacturing capabilities and continued partnership with global contract manufacturers, we
continue to diversify our global supply network and, supported by our established strategy to maintain sufficient
safety stock of our products, do not anticipate any disruptions to supply. We have commercial supply and related
agreements with our manufacturing service providers. An ex-China active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”) source
was approved by both FDA and EMA in 2025. For our commercial and clinical stage products in-licensed from
Amgen and others, we rely on the licensors and their manufacturing facilities or their CMOs for the supply of those
medicines and drug candidates.


Our agreements with the outsourced suppliers engaged by us generally set out terms, including product quality or
service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection
and acceptance criteria. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Either party may terminate
the agreements by serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            37
BUSINESS


We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from various suppliers who we believe have
sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities include APIs
custom-made by our third-party CMOs and excipients, which are commercially available from well-known vendors
that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies. The core raw materials used in manufacturing at
our Guangzhou facility are genetically modified cell lines that we have co-developed and licensed from Boehringer
Ingelheim and other third parties.


We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term, dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for any defects in our finished products.


AMGEN COLLABORATION


Collaboration Agreement


On October 31, 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeOne Medicines I GmbH, entered into a Collaboration
Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (as amended, the “Amgen Collaboration
Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing
Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and
Taiwan) (“Collaboration Territory”), with the commercialization period for XGEVA® commencing following the
transition of operational responsibilities for the product. The parties have agreed to equally share profits and losses
for the products in the Collaboration Territory during each product’s commercialization period. We entered into
an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement in November 2025 to extend our commercialization rights
to these products in the Collaboration Territory for so long as each product is sold in the Collaboration Territory
following each product’s regulatory approval in the Collaboration Territory.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global clinical development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical – and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeOne contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered mid-
single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of the Collaboration Territory on a product-by-
product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration
of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of
sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.




38     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


For each pipeline product that is approved in the Collaboration Territory, we will have the right to commercialize
the product for seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in the Collaboration Territory
equally. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back
to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in the
Collaboration Territory for an additional five years. The parties are subject to specified exclusivity requirements in
the Collaboration Territory and the rest of the world. For more information regarding our rights to royalties from
sales of IMDELLTRA®, please see “Management Discussion and Analysis – Recent Business Developments –
Royalty Purchase Agreement.”


In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for us.
As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i) stop
sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and
ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of AMG
510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


BeOne Medicines Ltd. has guaranteed certain obligations of BeOne Medicines I GmbH under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement.


The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties.
The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant
to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon
the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or
subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial
objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event it
suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to
continue development of the pipeline product in the Collaboration Territory.


Share Purchase Agreement


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen (as amended, the “Share Purchase
Agreement”), we issued to Amgen 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of the Company
on January 2, 2020, representing approximately 20.5% of our then outstanding shares, for an aggregate purchase
price of US$2.78 billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            39
BUSINESS


Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the earliest
of (a) the fourth anniversary of the closing, (b) the expiration or termination of the Collaboration Agreement and (c)
a change of control of BeOne Medicines Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the date on which it holds less than 5% of our
then outstanding shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters presented for shareholder
approval until the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing and (b) the expiration of the standstill period, all
under specified circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-
up period and (ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed not to sell shares representing more than
5% of our then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period. The lock-up has since expired and under the
terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen now has specified registration rights. Additionally, we have agreed
to use reasonable best efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to participate in subsequent new securities
offerings upon the same terms and conditions as other purchasers in the offering in an amount needed to allow
Amgen to hold up to 20.6% of our shares, subject to applicable law and HKEx rules and other specified conditions.


On March 17, 2020, BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second
Amendment”) to the Share Purchase Agreement in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance
of shares by us, which agreement was restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second
Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment, Amgen had an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”)
to subscribe for additional ADSs in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its
ownership at approximately 20.6% of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option was exercisable on a
monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date was less than
20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i) was exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance
of new shares by us under our equity incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) was subject to annual approval by
our independent shareholders each year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period
of the Direct Purchase Option commenced on December 1, 2020 and terminated on December 1, 2023.


On January 30, 2023, BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 3 to the Share Purchase
Agreement, pursuant to which Amgen elected to relinquish its right to appoint a designated director to the Company’s
board of directors on account of the Company’s global growth. The Company has retained Anthony C. Hooper,
who was Amgen’s director designee on the Company’s board of directors until Amgen relinquished its right to
appoint a designated director. Mr. Hooper was most recently re-elected by shareholders in 2025.




40     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our medicines, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an
important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below.
We have filed patent applications and obtained patents in the U.S. and other countries and regions, such as
Europe, Japan and China, relating to our medicines and certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional
patent protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We sometimes rely on trade secrets
to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent
protection, including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation
and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our development programs. Additionally, in
various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs upon approval. The scope and term
of such regulatory exclusivity will vary but, in general, the period will run concurrently with the term of any existing
patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval.


As of February 13, 2026, we owned 68 issued U.S. patents, 16 issued European patents, 34 issued Japanese
patents, 72 issued China patents, a number of pending patent applications in the U.S., Europe, Japan and China,
and corresponding issued patents and pending patent applications internationally.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            41
BUSINESS


The key patents for our medicines and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of February 13, 2026, are summarized
below:


Molecule                                Territory       General Subject Matter                                      Expiration1

BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib)                U.S.            Composition of matter                                              2034
                                        U.S.            Crystalline forms                                                  2037
                                        U.S.            Method of treatment                                                2037
                                        U.S.            Combination use                                                    2039
                                        U.S.            Method of treatment                                                2043
                                        U.S.            Formulation                                                        2040
                                        Europe          Composition of matter                                             20342
                                        Europe          Combination use                                                   20373
                                        Europe          Crystalline form                                                   2037
                                        Japan           Composition of matter                                             20344
                                        Japan           Crystalline forms                                                 20374
                                        China           Composition of matter                                             20345
                                        China           Crystalline forms                                                  2037
                                        China           Combination use                                                    2037


TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab)                U.S.            Composition of matter                                             20336
                                        U.S.            Method of treatment                                                2039
                                        Europe          Composition of matter                                             20337
                                        Japan           Composition of matter                                              2033
                                        China           Composition of matter                                             20338

PARTRUVIX® (pamiparib)                  China           Composition of matter                                              2031

Sonrotoclax                             U.S.            Composition of matter                                              2039
                                        Europe          Composition of matter                                              2039
                                        Japan           Composition of matter                                              2039
                                        China           Composition of matter                                              2039

1.   Unless otherwise indicated, the expected expiration does not include any potential additional term for patent term extension
     (“PTE”), supplemental protection certificate (“SPC”) or pediatric exclusivity.


2.   SPCs have been filed in various European countries and have been granted at least in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and
     the UK, extending the original patent term in those countries to 2036.


3.   This patent is the subject of a pending opposition proceeding at the European Patent Office (EPO).


4.   Three PTE applications have been filed in Japan.


5.   An application for PTE has been filed in China.


6.   An application for PTE has been filed and if granted, will extend the original patent term to 2038.




42       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •     2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                             BUSINESS


7.      SPCs have been pending or have been granted in various European countries, extending the original patent term in those
        countries, where granted, to 2038.


8.      Multiple PTE applications have been filed in China.


Under our license and collaboration agreement with Zymeworks Inc. (“Zymeworks”), we have the right to develop
and commercialize ZIIHERA® in certain Asian pacific countries. The key patents for it in China as of February 13,
2026 are summarized below:


Product                              Territory      General Subject Matter                                    Expiration


ZIIHERA®                             China          Composition of matter                                     2031
                                     China          Composition of matter                                     2032
                                     China          Composition of matter                                     2034
                                     China          Method of use                                             2039


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize three medicines in China. The key patents
for them in China as of February 13, 2026 are summarized below:


Product                              Territory      General Subject Matter                                    Expiration

BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab)             China          Method of use                                             2029
                                     China          Combination use                                           2031


We have one in-licensed medicine in China from Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Luye”). The key patent
for it in China as of February 13, 2026 is summarized below:


Product                              Territory      General Subject Matter                                    Expiration

BAITUOWEI®
     (goserelin microsphere)         China          Formulation                                               2034


Under our license and collaboration agreement with Zymeworks, Zymeworks retains the responsibility, but is not
obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed product. Under our
license agreement with Amgen, Amgen retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to prosecute, defend and
enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed products. Under our license agreement with Luye, Luye
retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to prosecute the in-licensed patents for the corresponding in-
licensed product, and we retain the responsibility, but are not obligated, to defend and enforce the patents for the
corresponding in-licensed product.


In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country-by-country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.



                                                      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT             43
BUSINESS


COMPETITION


We operate in a highly competitive global landscape, with our marketed products facing strong competition in
regulated markets worldwide. Our primary competitors include a diverse array of entities, from leading global
research-based biopharmaceutical companies to agile regional and local firms. These competitors are actively
engaged in the development, production, and marketing of therapeutic products aimed at treating diseases similar
to those in our current portfolio or pipeline. This global competition underscores the breadth and depth of our
industry, requiring us to maintain a robust and agile approach to R&D and excel in the commercialization of our
innovative medicines across international markets.


The following table lists our key competitors for our principal products by competitor, product and territory, though
it is not exhaustive.


                                                  Competitor-marketed
Product           Competitor                      product                    Territory

BRUKINSA          AbbVie & Janssen                IMBRUVICA                  U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  AstraZeneca                     CALQUENCE                  U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  Eli Lilly                       JAYPIRCA                   U.S., Europe, China & Japan
                  Innocare                        YINUOKAI                   China, Singapore

TEVIMBRA          Merck                           KEYTRUDA                   U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  Bristol Myers Squibb            OPDIVO                     U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  AstraZeneca                     IMFINZI                    U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  Roche                           TECENTRIQ                  U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  Merck KGaA                      BAVENCIO                   U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  Regeneron & Sanofi              LIBTAYO                    U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  GSK                             JEMPERLI                   U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                  Junshi                          LOQTORZI                   U.S., Europe, China & Middle Eastern
                  Henlius                         HANSIZHUANG                U.S., Europe, India, Peru & China
                  Various Chinese companies       20+ products including     China
                                                  PD-1/L1, IO BsAb

Sonrotoclax       AbbVie & Roche                  VENCLEXTA                  China
                  Ascentage Pharma                Lisaftoclax                China


In addition, we have several promising candidates in the pivotal development stage, including BGB-16673, a BTK-
targeted CDAC. These products are in various stages of clinical trials conducted globally and show potential in
addressing unmet medical needs.




44      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


The following table lists our key competitors for our late-stage pipeline products by competitor, asset, latest
development stage, and clinical trial territory, although it is not exhaustive.


Asset                Competitor                    Competitor-asset       Latest development stage      Territory

Sonrotoclax          Ascentage Pharma              Lisaftoclax            Phase 3                       Global
                     Innocare                      Mesutoclax             Pivotal Phase 2/3             China
                                                                          Phase 1                       U.S. & Europe

BGB-16673            Nurix Therapeutics            NX-5948                Pivotal Phase 2               Global


Furthermore, we are advancing several promising candidates through pivotal programs, including ADCs,
multispecific antibodies, and targeted therapies for lung, breast, and gastrointestinal cancers. Our candidates
are well-positioned in the market to offer first-in-class and/or best-in-class profiles, particularly in addressing the
limitations of existing treatments and offering new alternatives to patients.


Many of the larger companies we compete with are well-capitalized and dedicate a significant number of financial
resources to support their research and development, while using business development to supplement their
internal pipelines as well as investing heavily in commercialization capabilities. As a result, we must continuously
invest and gain experience in the development, acquisition, and marketing of innovative and branded medicines and
drug candidates to compete effectively in both current and future markets. This requires us to devote substantial
funds and resources to develop and generate evidence that prevents the erosion of existing products and delivers
revenue from the next waves of innovation.


The main forms of competition include efficacy, safety, and cost. The long-term success of our products depends
on our ability to effectively demonstrate the value to physicians, patients, and third-party payers. This requires
a much greater use of a direct sales force and promotion to realize significant revenues. We also have, and will
continue to enter into, co-promotion, contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties, for
example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum
market penetration. Furthermore, robust compliance approaches, science-based promotion model, and integrated
management will also be competitive advantages in the industry in the long run, in which we invest significant effort
to establish and grow.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         45
RISK FACTORS


The following section includes material factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and operations.
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained in this
annual report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the “Management Discussion and
Analysis” section of this annual report before deciding to invest in our ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares. The
occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and
RMB Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy
and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these
treatments to the exclusion of our medicines. If our medicines do not achieve and maintain an adequate level of
market acceptance, the sales of our medicines may be limited and we may not become profitable. The degree
of market acceptance of our medicines will depend on a number of factors, including: the clinical indications for
which our medicines are approved; physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our
medicines safe and effective; government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups, insurance
carriers, physicians’ groups, private health and science foundations recommending our medicines; the perceived
advantages and relative cost of alternative treatments; the prevalence and severity of any side effects; product
labeling, including limitations or warnings, or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities; the timing of
market introduction of our medicines as well as competitive medicines; the availability of adequate coverage,
reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; and the effectiveness of our sales and
marketing efforts.


Even if our medicines achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over
time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received, are more cost effective or
render our medicines obsolete.




46     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to
market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


We became a commercial-stage company in 2017, when we entered into a license and supply agreement with
Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), to commercialize three of BMS’s approved
cancer therapies, in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). In October 2019, we entered into a
collaboration with Amgen for its commercial-stage oncology products and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-
stage oncology pipeline products. We received the first approvals for our internally developed drug candidates
in late 2019 in the United States (“U.S.”), in 2020 in China, and in 2021 in Europe. Given this, we have limited
experience in commercializing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines, including building and managing
a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement,
and managing distributors and a sales force for our medicines. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize
our medicines may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with
substantial experience in launching medicines.


If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing, and commercial distribution
capabilities for any or all of our medicines, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and
marketing of our medicines. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such
collaborative arrangements, or whether they will have effective sales forces. We would have little or no control over
the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we
had commercialized our medicines ourselves. There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and
successfully maintain internal sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships
with third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize any medicine, and as a result, we may not be able to
generate substantial product sales revenue.


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


The development and commercialization of new medicines is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell medicines or are
pursuing the development of medicines for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our medicines
or developing our drug candidates. For example, BRUKINSA®, TEVIMBRA®, and pamiparib face substantial
competition, and some of our products face or are expected to face competition from generic therapies. Potential
competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing, and commercialization.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            47
RISK FACTORS


Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
medicines that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less
expensive than our medicines. Our competitors also may obtain approval from regulatory authorities for their
medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a
strong market position before we are able to enter the market and/or slow our regulatory approval.


Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved medicines than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and
marketing personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our future medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have
failed prior treatments and may be small.


In markets with approved therapies, we have and expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later
stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those medicines that prove
to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second-line therapy and potentially as
a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our medicines and drug candidates, even if approved, would be
approved for second-line or first-line therapy.


Our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these diseases in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our medicines and drug candidates, may prove to be inaccurate and new studies may change the
estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for
our medicines and drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our medicines and
drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our medicines and drug candidates, because the
potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for
additional indications, including use as a first – or second-line therapy.




48     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to achieve
and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement or are subject to unfavorable pricing regulations,
our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.


Our ability or the ability of any third parties with which we collaborate to commercialize our medicines successfully
will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these medicines is available from government health
administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. In the U.S. and other countries, patients
generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate
coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and
commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Sales of our medicines will depend substantially on the
extent to which the costs of our medicines will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit
and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities,
private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Without third-party payor reimbursement, patients
may not be able to obtain or afford prescribed medications. Third-party payors also are seeking to encourage the
use of generic or biosimilar products or entering into sole source contracts with healthcare providers, which could
effectively limit the coverage and level of reimbursement for our medicines and have an adverse impact on the
market access or acceptance of our medicines. In addition, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided
to prescribing physicians by third-party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians’
willingness and ability to prescribe our products.


In the U.S., no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors. As a
result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party payor is a
time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and
cost-effectiveness data for the use of our medicines on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the
medicine is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) or comparable regulatory authorities in
other countries. Even if we obtain coverage for a given medicine, the resulting reimbursement rates might not be
adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably
high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up
evaluations required following the use of our medicines. Because some of our medicines and drug candidates have
a higher cost of goods than conventional therapies and may require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that
coverage and reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            49
RISK FACTORS


In April 2025, the Trump administration published Executive Order 14273 (90 Fed. Reg. 16441), “Lowering Drug
Prices by Once Again Putting Americans First,” which generally directs the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (“HHS”) to take steps to reduce drug prices. In May 2025, the administration published Executive Order
14297 (90 Fed. Reg. 20749), “Delivering Most-Favored-Nation Prescription Drug Pricing to American Patients”
which generally, among other things, directs certain executive officials to “communicate most-favored-nation price
targets to pharmaceutical manufacturers to bring prices for American patients in line with comparably developed
nations” and facilitate direct-to-consumer and direct-to-business purchasing programs and directs the Secretary
of Commerce and the U.S. Trade Representative to “take all necessary and appropriate action to ensure foreign
countries are not engaged in any act, policy, or practice that may be unreasonable or discriminatory or that may
impair United States national security... including by suppressing the price of pharmaceutical products below fair
market value in foreign countries.” Subsequently, some pharmaceutical manufacturers have announced direct-to-
consumer offerings with discounted prices or reached agreement with the federal government regarding prices
for prescription drugs sold to U.S. patients and through Medicaid programs, and in February 2026, the Trump
administration announced the launch of TrumpRx, a website operated by the federal government that is intended to
redirect consumers to pharmaceutical companies’ direct-to-consumer channels. Additionally, in December 2025,
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) proposed a rule to implement the Global Benchmark for
Efficient Drug Pricing (GLOBE) Model and the Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (GUARD) Model
– both are new Medicare payment models under section 1115A of the Social Security Act. The scope, timing,
and implementation details of these policies remain uncertain and may be subject to legal challenges, regulatory
rulemaking, and changes in administrative priorities. If implemented, these policies could have a material impact on
the pricing and reimbursement of our products in the United States, particularly those covered under Medicare Part
B or Part D. Potential effects include reduced pricing flexibility, downward pressure on reimbursement rates and
changes to market access dynamics and to pricing negotiations with commercial payors and international markets.
Because the outcome, timing, and specifics of these policies are uncertain, we cannot predict the effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects, but the impact could be material and adverse.


In addition, at the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations
similar to those under consideration at the federal level, as well as laws designed to control pharmaceutical and
biotherapeutic product pricing, including restrictions on pricing or reimbursement at the state government level,
limitations on discounts to patients, marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, restrictions or other
limitations on patient assistance, and, in some cases, policies to encourage importation from other countries
(subject to federal approval) and bulk purchasing. Certain states are also pursuing cost containment efforts through
Prescription Drug Affordability Boards and similar entities.




50     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In China, drug prices are typically lower than in the U.S. and Europe, and until recently, the market has been
dominated by generic drugs. Government authorities regularly review the inclusion or removal of medicines from
China’s National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), or provincial or local medical insurance catalogues for the
National Medical Insurance Program, and the tier under which a medicine will be classified, both of which affect the
amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those medicines. Products included in the NRDL
have typically been generic and essential drugs. BRUKINSA, TEVIMBRA, PARTRUVIX®, XGEVA® and KYPROLIS®
have been included in the NRDL. While the demand for these medicines has generally increased after inclusion in
the NRDL, there can be no assurance that demand will continue to increase and such increases will be sufficient
to offset the reduction in the prices and our margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We prepare for the NRDL negotiations in China for our eligible
medicines/indications annually. If any of these medicines/indications are not included in the NRDL or included at
a significantly lower price, the revenues for such medicines could be limited, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in China.


The government in China also has a program for volume-based, centralized drug procurement with minimum
quantity commitments to negotiate lower prices from drug manufacturers and reduce the price of drugs. The
Chinese government awards contracts to the bidders who can satisfy the quality and quantity requirements,
with price being a significant factor in the procurement decisions. The successful bidders are guaranteed a sale
volume for at least a year, which gives an opportunity to gain or increase market share. Many types of drugs are
covered under the program, including drugs made by international pharmaceutical companies and generics made
by domestic Chinese manufacturers. For example, in 2020, ABRAXANE® and its generic forms were included in
the program. We won the bid and became one of the three companies who were awarded a government contract,
with a price for sales of ABRAXANE under the government contract that would have been significantly lower than
the price that we had been charging. Also in 2020, VIDAZA® and its generic forms were included for bidding in
the program. We did not win the bid for VIDAZA, which resulted in the drug being restricted from use in public
hospitals, accounting for a large portion of the market, and a decline in sales revenue. Moreover, the program may
change how generic drugs are priced and procured in China and is likely to accelerate the replacement of originator
drugs with generics. This program may negatively impact our existing commercial operations in China as well as our
strategies on how to commercialize our drugs in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations in China.


Countries in Europe provide options to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health
insurance systems provide reimbursement. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries
may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate
to currently available therapies. Countries may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead
adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on
the market. Furthermore, some countries require approval of the sale price of a medicine before it can be marketed.
In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In some non-U.
S. markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial
approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a medicine in a particular country, but
then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the medicine and negatively impact our
revenues and results of operations.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT        51
RISK FACTORS


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any medicine that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any medicine which we commercialize.
Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our medicines may be particularly difficult because of the higher
prices often associated with medicines administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not
available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any medicine and
drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved medicines. Moreover, eligibility for
reimbursement does not imply that any medicine will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs,
including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new medicines, if
applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary
according to the use of the medicine and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost medicines that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other
services. Net prices for medicines may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict imports of
medicines from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Our inability to promptly obtain
coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our medicines and any
new medicines that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results, and our
overall financial condition.


We have operations in the U.S., China, Europe, and other markets and plan to expand in these and new markets
on our own or with collaborators, which exposes us to risks of conducting business in international markets.


We are currently developing and commercializing or plan to commercialize our medicines in international markets,
including China, Europe and other markets outside of the U.S., either on our own or with third-party collaborators
or distributors. Our international business relationships subject us to additional risks that may materially adversely
affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:


•     difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;


•     potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;


•     unexpected changes in trade policy, including tariffs that have been or may in the future be imposed by
      the U.S. or other countries, trade disputes, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of
      normal trade status between China and the U.S. or actions taken by U.S. or China governmental authorities
      on companies with significant operations in the U.S. and China, such as us, and protectionist or retaliatory
      measures taken by the U.S. or China;


•     economic weakness;




52      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


•    compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for our employees;


•    the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;


•    currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;


•    workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;


•    failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
     regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws;


•    business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, public
     health crises or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires;


•    economic and political instability; and


•    international military conflicts and related sanctions.


For example, in 2025, the U.S. imposed tariffs on imports on its trading partners, including Canada, Mexico, the
EU and China, and has subsequently proposed additional or alternative tariffs. While certain tariffs have been
subsequently invalidated, suspended, modified or temporarily reduced, their impact has already been seen, and
we expect will continue to be seen, in global markets, and we cannot predict the results of the U.S. government’s
trade negotiations or the outcome of ongoing legal challenges to specific tariff policies. Historically, tariffs have led
to increased trade and political tensions. In response to tariffs, other countries have implemented retaliatory tariffs
on U.S. goods. Political tensions as a result of trade policies could reduce trade volume, investment, technological
exchange and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting in a material adverse
effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. Furthermore, increased tariffs may
make certain products no longer commercially viable. These and other risks, including the risks described in “Risks
Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC”, may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue in
international markets.


Furthermore, on April 1, 2025, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (“BIS”)
initiated an investigation into whether imports of pharmaceutical products present a risk to the national security
of the U.S. This investigation could result in BIS recommending additional tariffs on imports of pharmaceutical
products into the U.S. The scope or scale of any resulting tariffs as well as their secondary effects could adversely
impact our business.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT             53
RISK FACTORS


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our medicines or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.


Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our medicines, which do not meet our
or our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit
medicine may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer
harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit medicines sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition,
thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold
through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.


Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier
studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain.
Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process, and we cannot predict with any certainty the success
of any clinical trial or whether or when we might complete a given clinical trial. We may also experience delays in
initiating and conducting clinical trials of our drug candidates, and we do not know whether our clinical trials will
begin on time, need to be redesigned, recruit and enroll patients on time or be completed on schedule, or at all.


The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the
results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim results of a trial may not be predictive of the final results.
Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite
having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. In some instances, there can be significant
variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials of the same drug candidate due to numerous
factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient
populations, patient adherence to the dosing regimen and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In
the case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites
and additional countries involved in such trials. A number of companies in our industry have suffered significant
setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising
results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be favorable.




54      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous unexpected
events during clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize
our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards, or ethics committees
may not authorize us to conduct a clinical trial or may require us or our investigators to suspend or terminate
clinical research or not rely on the results of our clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance
with regulatory requirements; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with contract research
organizations (“CROs”) and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary
significantly; manufacturing issues, including problems with supply quality, compliance with good manufacturing
practice (“GMP”), or obtaining sufficient quantities of a drug candidate for use in a clinical trial; clinical trials of
our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require
us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon drug development programs; the number of patients required
for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or
patients may drop out at a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors, including clinical investigators,
may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at
all; we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials for various reasons, including a finding of a lack of clinical
response or other unexpected characteristics or a finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable
health risks; the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and the supply
or quality of our medicines and drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials may be
insufficient or inadequate.


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates, or not obtain regulatory
approval at all; obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; have the drug removed from the
market after obtaining regulatory approval; be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; be subject
to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or be unable to obtain reimbursement or
obtain reimbursement at a commercially viable level for use of the drug.


Significant clinical trial delays may also increase our development costs and could shorten any periods during which
we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to market
before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business and
results of operations.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            55
RISK FACTORS


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We have and may
continue to experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the
size and nature of the patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, competition from
competing companies, and natural disasters or public health crises.


Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us,
because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead enroll in a trial being conducted by
a competitor. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is limited, we expect to
conduct some of our clinical trials at the same sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number
of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such sites. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of
patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or
outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect
our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.


Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with such
regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


We are currently focusing our pharmaceutical-industry activities in the major markets of the U.S., China, Europe,
and other select countries and regions. These areas all strictly regulate the pharmaceutical industry, and in doing
so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of product development and approval,
manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the regulatory
regimes that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance burden. Additionally, the China National
Medical Products Administration’s (“NMPA”) reform of the medicine and approval system may face implementation
challenges. The timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing
our medicines and drug candidates in a timely manner. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court’s July 2024 decision
to overturn established case law giving deference to regulatory agencies’ interpretations of ambiguous statutory
language has introduced uncertainty regarding the extent to which the FDA’s regulations, policies and decisions
may become subject to increasing legal challenges, delays, and/or changes. From time to time, laws may be
passed that significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing, and marketing
of products regulated by the FDA. In addition to new legislation, FDA regulations, guidance, and policies are often
revised or reinterpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect the manner in which pharmaceutical
products are regulated and marketed.




56     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with laws and regulations require the expenditure
of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with requirements at any time during the product
development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions.
These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval,
license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls, product seizures, total or partial
suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations could have a material
adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of
ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This
suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S. In any event, the
receipt of regulatory approval does not assure the success of our commercialization efforts for our medicines.


We may be subject to anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse
laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil
penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished sales.


Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our
approved products. Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without
limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), and physician payment sunshine
laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education
programs. In addition, we are subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in
which we conduct our business.


In addition, the approval and commercialization for our medicines and drug candidates outside the U.S. subjects
us to non-U.S. equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws. Some of these
non-U.S. laws may be broader in scope and subject to the discretion of non-U.S. law enforcement authorities,
including Chinese authorities who recently increased anti-bribery efforts to reduce improper payments and other
benefits received by physicians, staff and hospital administrators in relation to sales, marketing and purchase of
pharmaceuticals.


In the past, we have made grants to independent charitable foundations that help financially needy patients with
their premium, co-pay, and co-insurance obligations and we expect to make such grants in the future. If we choose
to do so, and if we or our vendors or grant recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws or regulations
in the operation of these programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties, or other criminal, civil, or
administrative sanctions or enforcement actions. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls and procedures
will be sufficient to protect against acts of our employees, business partners, or vendors that may violate the laws
or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, there has been increased scrutiny of company-
sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs, and grants to third-party charities
that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments of reimbursement support
offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Regardless of whether we have complied
with the law, a government investigation could impact our business practices, harm our reputation, divert the
attention of management, increase our expenses, and reduce the availability of foundation support for our patients
who need assistance.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            57
RISK FACTORS


Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal FCA as well as under the false claims laws of several
states. Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of
fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these
laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that
our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will
involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices
may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or
other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible
exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages,
individual imprisonment, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring
of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate
integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Furthermore, if
any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we do business are found to be not in compliance
with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from
government funded healthcare programs, which may adversely affect our business.


If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or
other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties,
sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and growth prospects.


We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B program, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs,
Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”) pricing program, and the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, which require us
to disclose average manufacturer pricing, and, in the future may require us to report the average sales price for
certain of our drugs to the Medicare program. Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs,
are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts.
Furthermore, regulatory and legislative changes, and judicial rulings relating to these programs and policies (including
coverage expansion), have increased and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance,
have been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, particularly if CMS or another agency challenges the approach we take in our implementation.
For example, in the case of our Medicaid pricing data, if we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter
was incorrect or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are generally obligated to resubmit
the corrected data for up to three years after those data were originally due. Such restatements increase our costs
and could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations may also
affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products under the 340B program and give rise to an
obligation to refund entities participating in the 340B program for overcharges during past quarters impacted by a
price recalculation.




58     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product
information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average
sales price, if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or if we are found to have charged 340B
covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. Additionally, our agreement to participate in the
340B program or our Medicaid drug rebate agreement could be terminated, in which case federal payments may
not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part D for our covered outpatient drugs. Additionally, if we overcharge
the government in connection with our arrangements with FSS or Tricare Retail Pharmacy, we are required
to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract
overcharges can result in allegations against us under the FCA and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds
to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and
time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and growth prospects.


Further, legislation may be introduced that, if passed, would, among other things, further expand the 340B program
to additional covered entities or would require participating manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted
pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting, and any additional future changes to the definition of average
manufacturer price or the Medicaid rebate amount could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively
impact our results of operations. Additionally, certain pharmaceutical manufacturers are involved in ongoing
litigation regarding contract pharmacy arrangements under the 340B program. The outcome of those judicial
proceedings and the potential impact on the way in which manufacturers extend discounts to covered entities
through contract pharmacies remain uncertain.


Federal legislative and regulatory efforts to implement reference pricing or most-favored-nation pricing models
could impact our product revenues and materially harm our business.


On May 12, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order calling on pharmaceutical manufacturers to voluntarily
reduce the prices of medicines in the U.S. and directing the Secretary of HHS to communicate MFN price targets
to pharmaceutical manufacturers to align prices with those in comparably developed nations and, in the event
significant progress towards MFN pricing is not delivered, to propose rulemaking to impose MFN pricing.


Since the May 12, 2025 order, the Trump administration has continued to exert pressure on drug manufacturers
to implement MFN pricing, including by suggesting that the administration may impose significant tariffs on
pharmaceuticals if such manufacturers do not reach agreements to implement MFN pricing. Further, in November
2025, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) introduced the GENEROUS (generating cost Reductions
for U.S. Medicaid) Model, a voluntary Medicaid payment initiative under which participating drug manufacturers
may voluntarily offer supplemental rebates to participating state Medicaid programs that are intended to provide
such Medicaid programs with an MFN price for the manufacturers’ products. Additionally, in December 2025, CMS
announced proposals for new mandatory demonstration payment models through two proposed rules under its
Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (“CMMI”) authority, the Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing
(GLOBE) for Medicare Part B and Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (GUARD) for Medicare Part D.
If finalized, these models would impose additional mandatory rebates on manufacturers of certain Medicare Part B
and Medicare Part D drugs, for select Medicare populations intended to represent 25% of Medicare patients, if the
Medicare prices for such products exceed those paid in economically comparable countries. Both the GLOBE and
GUARD models have proposed seven-year testing periods, with the GLOBE model proposed to begin on October 1,
2026 and the GUARD model proposed to begin on January 1, 2027.

                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           59
RISK FACTORS


If the GLOBE and GUARD models are finalized as proposed under CMMI authority, we could be required to pay
additional rebates on products reimbursed by Medicare for the covered populations during the applicable model
periods. In addition, if MFN pricing or similar reference pricing policies are enacted or implemented in the U.S.
outside of the CMMI framework and applied more broadly, we could be required to pay rebates on products on
utilization by a broader portion of U.S. patients to align with prices in certain reference countries. We currently
derive the substantial portion of our revenue from U.S. sales, and any requirement to pay additional rebates in the
U.S. to match international reference prices would impact our overall net revenue.


MFN pricing models in the U.S. could also affect our international pricing strategy and future decisions on
reimbursement and commercialization in certain jurisdictions. If our U.S. pricing becomes tied to international
reference prices, we may face decisions regarding pricing in foreign markets that could result in reduced patient
access internationally, affect our relationships with foreign regulatory authorities and payers, or impact our ability to
obtain or maintain reimbursement approvals in ex-U.S. markets.


These reforms remain subject to change, potential legal challenges, or expansion through additional rulemaking or
sub regulatory guidance, creating uncertainty for our overall pricing strategy. It remains to be seen whether and how
these drug pricing initiatives will apply to our products, how they will affect the broader pharmaceutical industry,
and whether similar reform measures may be adopted in the future.


The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the U.S., China, Europe and other comparable regulatory
authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience delays or are
ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially
harmed.


Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the U.S.,
to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is safe,
pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the new drug application (“NDA”) or biologics license
application (“BLA”) must include comprehensive information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls
(“CMC”) for the drug candidate. If we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA, we cannot be certain that a submission
will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA.


Regulatory authorities outside of the U.S., such as the NMPA, European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and Medicines
and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”), also have requirements for approval of medicines for
commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those areas. Regulatory requirements, approval
processes and review periods can vary from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our
drug candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other
countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained
in any other country. Seeking regulatory approvals outside of the U.S. could require additional nonclinical studies
or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. For all of these reasons, we may not obtain regulatory
approvals on a timely basis, if at all.




60      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


The processes required to obtain approval by the FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA and other comparable regulatory
authorities are complex, costly, unpredictable and typically take many years following the commencement of
preclinical studies and clinical trials and depend on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of
the regulatory authorities. Regulatory approval is never guaranteed. Furthermore, we have limited experience in
obtaining regulatory approvals for our drug candidates, including preparing the required materials for regulatory
submission and navigating the regulatory approval process. As a result, our ability to successfully obtain regulatory
approval for our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we
were a company with substantial experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.


Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:


•    failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;


•    failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
     and potent for its proposed indication;


•    failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;


•    reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;


•    disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;


•    changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
     or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;


•    regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
     regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
     candidates or other products;


•    failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
     requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;


•    a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory inspections of our development activities,
     regulatory filings or manufacturing operations, whether as a result of a public health crisis, government
     shutdown, resource shortages or other reasons, or our failure to satisfactorily complete such inspections;


•    our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
     and


•    clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
     conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT         61
RISK FACTORS


For example, in 2022, the FDA extended the Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date for the supplemental new
drug application (“sNDA”) for BRUKINSA as a treatment for adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia or
small lymphocytic lymphoma by three months, to allow time to review additional clinical data submitted by us,
which was deemed a major amendment to the sNDA. In 2022, the FDA deferred action on the BLA for TEVIMBRA®
as a second-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic ESCC, citing only the inability to complete
inspections due to COVID-19 related restrictions on travel. In 2024, the FDA deferred approval for TEVIMBRA in
first-line unresectable, recurrent, locally advanced, or metastatic ESCC on account of a delay in scheduling clinical
site inspections.


Our development activities, regulatory filings and manufacturing operations also could be harmed or delayed
by a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the FDA, or governments and regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions. If the FDA or other health authorities are delayed or unable to complete required regulatory inspections
of our development activities, regulatory filings or manufacturing operations due to government shutdowns, public
health crises, or other reasons, or we do not satisfactorily complete such inspections, our business could be
materially harmed. Without appropriation of additional funding to federal agencies, our business operations related
to our product development activities for the U.S. market could be impacted.


Delays in the completion of a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates will increase our costs, slow down our drug
development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues
for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.
In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials
may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates.




62     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
including in China. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted
at all. The FDA will generally not consider the data from a foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND unless
(i) the trial was well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with good clinical practice (“GCP”) requirements,
including requirements for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and
reporting of clinical trials in a way that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and
accurate and that the rights, safety, and well-being of trial subjects are protected, and (ii) the FDA is able to validate
the data from the trial through an on-site inspection, if necessary. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials
are intended to serve as the sole basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the
application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S.
medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data
may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an
inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate
means. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and
statistical powering must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. There can
be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted
outside of the U.S. or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does
not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming,
and which may result in drug candidates that we may develop experiencing development delays or not receiving
approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdictions. Additionally, recent policy proposals in the U.S., if
enacted in the future, may make acceptance by the FDA or inclusion in a marketing application of foreign data more
difficult or costly.


Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
medicines and drug candidates.


Our medicines and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping,
conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-marketing information,
including both federal and state requirements in the U.S. and requirements of the NMPA, EMA, MHRA and other
comparable regulatory authorities in China, Europe and other regions. As such, we and our collaborators will be
subject to ongoing review and periodic inspections to assess compliance with applicable post-approval regulations.
Additionally, to the extent we want to make certain changes to the approved medicines, product labeling, or
manufacturing processes, we will need to submit new applications or supplements to regulatory authorities for
approval.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT             63
RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the U.S., ensuring that quality control and manufacturing
procedures conform to GMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will be subject to
continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments made in any
NDA, BLA or other marketing application, and previous responses to any inspection observations. Accordingly,
we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory
compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. The failure to comply with these requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation,
sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled
by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S.


The regulatory approvals for our medicines and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and
may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the medicine may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, which could adversely affect the medicine’s commercial potential or contain requirements
for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the medicine
or drug candidate. Failure to exhibit due diligence when conducting post-marketing requirements could result
in withdrawal of approval for products. The FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA or comparable regulatory authorities may
also require a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) program or comparable program as a condition of
approval of our drug candidates or following approval. In addition, if the FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA or a comparable
regulatory authority approves our drug candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including, for example,
submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, establishment registration, as well as
continued compliance with GMP and GCP for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.




64     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


The FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or
withdraw marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur
after the drug reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our medicines or drug
candidates or with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may
result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-marketing studies
or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a
REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things:


•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our medicines, withdrawal of the product from the market,
     or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;


•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;


•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;


•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our medicines and drug candidates;
     and


•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising
and promotion of products that are placed on the market. For example, in September 2025, the FDA and HHS
announced reforms to limit the use of misleading direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertisements and increased
enforcement activity, including through the issuance of dozens of publicly-posted untitled and warning letters,
regarding direct-to-consumer advertising. Subsequently, in December 2025 and January 2026, we received untitled
letters from the FDA relating to certain promotional communications relating to BRUKINSA® and TEVIMBRA®. We
submitted responses to the FDA regarding the untitled letters. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved
indications and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA and
other regulatory authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses,
and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The
policies of the FDA, NMPA, EMA, MHRA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government
regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We
cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation
or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is
constantly evolving. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new
requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory
approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            65
RISK FACTORS


In addition, if we obtain accelerated approval or conditional approval of any of our drug candidates, as we have
done with the accelerated approval of BRUKINSA in the U.S. and China and certain approvals of TEVIMBRA,
PARTRUVIX, XGEVA®, BLINCYTO ®, KYPROLIS ® and QARZIBA ® in China, we will be required to conduct a
confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also be required to conduct post-marketing
safety studies. If we fail to conduct such studies in a timely manner or such studies fail to verify clinical benefit, such
approval may be withdrawn. While operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions
that we would not be subject to upon receiving regular approval. For example, the FDA generally requires that all
advertising and promotional materials be submitted to the FDA for review prior to dissemination or publication for
products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the
product.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our medicines and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.


Undesirable adverse events (“AEs”) caused by our medicines and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval, or could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of
our trials or patient experience following approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our
trials could be suspended or terminated and regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of,
or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.


As is typical in the development of pharmaceutical products, drug-related AEs and serious AEs (“SAEs”) have
been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these events have led to patient deaths. Drug-related AEs or SAEs
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial and could result in product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial condition and prospects
significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and our press releases and scientific and
medical presentations released from time to time, we disclose clinical results for our drug candidates, including
the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as of the date of the data cutoff used in such
report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless required by applicable law. Also, a number
of immune-related adverse events (“IRAEs”) have been associated with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors
such as TEVIMBRA, including immune-mediated pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis
and renal dysfunction, skin adverse reactions, and encephalitis. These IRAEs may be more common in certain
patient populations (potentially including elderly patients) and may be exacerbated when checkpoint inhibitors are
combined with other therapies.




66     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our medicines and drug candidates, or caused by our medicines
and drug candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative
consequences, including:


•     regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;


•     we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the medicine;


•     regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the medicine, or we may determine to do
      so even if not required;


•     regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;


•     we may be required to implement a REMS for the drug, as is the case with REVLIMID, or, if a REMS is already
      in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or to develop a similar strategy as required
      by a regulatory authority;


•     we may be required to conduct post-marketing studies; and


•     we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.


Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our medicines,
we may be unable to market such medicine or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages,
and our business could be materially harmed.


We plan to develop certain of our medicines and drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If a regulatory
authority revokes its approval of the other therapeutic that we use in combination with our medicines or drug
candidates, we will not be able to market our medicines or drug candidates in combination with such revoked
therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our
medicines and drug candidates in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be
required to redesign or terminate the applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result
in a supply shortage of any component of our combination medicines or drug candidates, we may not be able
to complete clinical development of our drug candidates on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience
disruptions in the commercialization of our approved medicines. For example, we have in-licensed drug candidates
from third parties to conduct clinical trials in combination with our drug candidates. We may rely on those third
parties to manufacture the in-licensed drug candidates and may not have control over their manufacturing process.
If these third parties encounter any manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays and are not able to supply
sufficient quantities of drug candidates, our drug combination study program may be delayed. For additional
information, please see the section of this annual report titled “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties –
We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could be
harmed if those third parties fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, provide us with insufficient quantities of
product or provide product at unacceptable quality levels or prices.”

                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            67
RISK FACTORS


Recently enacted and future legislation and regulations may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain
regulatory approval of and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and affect the prices we may
obtain.


In the U.S., China, Europe and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory
changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug
candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our medicines and any
drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. For example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the “IRA”) was signed into law. The IRA includes several provisions that may impact our business to varying
degrees, including provisions that create a $2,000 out-of-pocket cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries, impose new
manufacturer financial liability on all drugs in Medicare Part D, allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare
Part B and Part D pricing for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition,
require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for drug prices that increase faster than inflation, and delay the
rebate rule that would require pass through of pharmacy benefit manager rebates to beneficiaries. Any reduction
in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from
private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from
being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates.


In addition, in July 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law. This legislation reduces funding to federal healthcare
programs and imposes additional requirements to be eligible for healthcare, and, to the extent the OBBBA reduces
the number of enrollees in federal healthcare programs and covered services, our business could be adversely
impacted.


Furthermore, the Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent Samples Act, requires sponsors of approved
new drug applications and biologics license applications to provide sufficient quantities of product samples on
commercially reasonable, market-based terms to entities developing generic drugs and biosimilar biological
products. The law establishes a private right of action allowing developers to sue application holders that refuse to
sell them product samples needed to support their applications. If we are required to provide product samples or
allocate additional resources to respond to such requests or any legal challenges under this law, our business could
be adversely impacted.


In addition, proponents of drug reimportation may attempt to pass legislation that would directly allow reimportation
under certain circumstances. For example, by Executive Order, the FDA works with states and Indian Tribes that
propose to develop importation programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and
Modernization Act of 2003. In January 2024, the FDA issued to Florida the first approval for a state importation plan
and several states have pending applications with the FDA. If successfully implemented, importation of drugs from
Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. Legislation or
regulations allowing the reimportation of drugs, if enacted, could decrease the price we receive for any products
that we may develop and adversely affect our future revenues and prospects for profitability. We expect that
healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on
the price that we receive for any approved medicine.




68        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, changes to U.S. policy implemented by the U.S. Congress, the Trump administration or any new
administration have impacted and may in the future impact, among other things, the U.S. and global economy,
international trade relations, unemployment, immigration, healthcare, taxation, the U.S. regulatory environment,
inflation and other areas. We cannot predict the initiatives or changes that may be adopted in the future or the
impact, if any, they may have on our business. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies,
managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/
or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for our product candidates, if we obtain regulatory
approval; our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our approved products; our ability to generate revenue
and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the availability of capital.


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital


We have historically incurred significant net losses and may incur net losses in the future.


Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly capital-intensive and speculative. It entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or become
commercially viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result,
we have incurred losses in most periods since our inception, with exceptions in 2025 and periods when we were
profitable due to revenue recognized from up-front license fees from collaboration agreements or the settlement of
legal proceedings. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of US$8.3 billion. Substantially all of
our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs
and from selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.


Although we have achieved positive U.S.GAAP operating income and net income for full year 2025 as product
sales growth exceeded expense growth, we may incur losses in the future. We expect expenses to continue to
increase as we continue to expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates,
and our manufacturing facilities, commercialize our medicines and launch new medicines, if approved, maintain and
expand regulatory approvals, contribute up to US$1.25 billion to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen
pipeline assets under our collaboration agreement, and commercialize the medicines that we have in-licensed. In
addition, we will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. The size of any future net
losses will depend, in part, on the number and scope of our drug development programs and the associated costs
of those programs, the cost of our manufacturing activities, the cost of commercializing our approved products,
our ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones and other payments we make or receive
with arrangements with third parties. If we fail to achieve market acceptance for our medicines or if promising drug
candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance,
we may not be profitable in future periods. To the extent we achieve profitability in any future periods, we may not
be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to sustain profitability would decrease the value of
our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT               69
RISK FACTORS


We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


Our portfolio of drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and
availability of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can
provide us with product sales revenue. Additionally, we are investing in the manufacturing and commercialization
of our approved medicines. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our
operating activities provided US$1.1 billion, and used US$0.1 billion, and US$1.2 billion of net cash during the
years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recorded positive net cash flows from operating
activities in 2025 and negative net cash flows from operating activities in 2024 and 2023 primarily due to our net
income of US$0.3 billion, and net losses of US$0.6 billion, and US$0.9 billion, respectively. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to generate positive cash flows from operating activities in the future.


Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of medicines in China licensed from BMS, and
since the fourth quarter of 2019, we have generated revenues from our internally developed medicines. These
revenues may not be sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity requirements,
based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet our
projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our existing cash and cash equivalents
and potential future short-term investments may not be sufficient to enable us to complete all global development
or launch all of our current medicines and drug candidates for the currently anticipated indications and to invest in
additional programs. Accordingly, we may require further funding through public or private offerings, debt financing,
collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources, and our ability to obtain additional financing may be
subject to shareholder approval requirements or other regulatory approvals and requirements.


We have indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional short-term and long-term debt in the future. In
November 2025, we and certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into the Facilities Agreement with
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and certain financial institutions, as lenders (the “Facilities
Agreement”). Our current debt also contains numerous financial and non-financial covenants, some of which
include cross-default provisions that could require acceleration of repayment of loans in the event of default. Any
acceleration may impact the Company’s ability to refinance debt obligations if an event of default occurs.


Our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by negative net cash flows and our
current debt structure, and we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our
operations. If we resort to other financing activities to generate additional cash, we will incur financing costs and
we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain the financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we
raise financing by issuing further equity securities, your interest in our company may be diluted. If we are unable
to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research
and development programs or commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain additional funding when we need it
could seriously harm our business.




70     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.


We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect your rights as a holder of our shares. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance
of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain
additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity,
limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that
could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of additional equity securities, or
the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. In the event that we enter
into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable
terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug
candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves or possibly reserve for future
potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.


We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. Fluctuations in currencies may be affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic
conditions and the foreign exchange policies proposed or adopted by certain governments. We do not regularly
engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates between particular foreign
currencies and the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies in countries in which
we operate could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We cannot predict the impact of foreign
currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future may adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows.


The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy proposed or adopted by
the PRC, Australia and other governments. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC, Australia, other
governments outside the U.S. and U.S. government policies may impact the exchange rate of the RMB and the
U.S. dollar or any other currencies in the future. There remains significant international pressure on China to adopt a
more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government, which has threatened to label China as a “currency
manipulator,” which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT           71
RISK FACTORS


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our
operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for
dividends or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative
effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.


In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain approval from or registration with appropriate
government authorities or designated banks before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All
of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects, and could reduce the value of, and any dividends payable on, our shares in foreign currency terms.


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or
defaults by, our distributors and customers or by actual events or concerns involving the liquidity, default, or
non-performance of financial institutions, including the U.S. government, and an impairment in the carrying
value of any short-term investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.


We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase, as will the breadth of the entities to which
we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific distributors and customers
that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult
to detect or foresee.


Furthermore, actual events involving reduced liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments
that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about any such events, have in the past and may in the
future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, in March 2023, Silvergate Bank, La Jolla, California,
announced its decision to voluntarily liquidate its assets and wind down operations, Silicon Valley Bank, Santa
Clara, California (“SVB”), was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and
Signature Bank, New York, New York, was closed by the New York State Department of Financial Services, and,
in each case the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) was appointed as receiver. Since then, additional
financial institutions have experienced similar failures and have been placed into receivership. These events lead to
volatility and declines in the market for bank stock and questions regarding confidence in depository institutions.
There is no guarantee that the federal government will guarantee depositors in the event of a future bank closure.
Investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial
financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic
limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing
on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could
adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses or result in breaches of our financial or contractual
obligations which could have material adverse impact on our liquidity and our projected business operations,
financial condition and results of operations.




72     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


As a result of uncertain political, credit and financial market conditions, including the potential of the U.S.
government to default on the payment of its obligations for a period of time due to federal debt ceiling limitations or
other unresolved political issues, investments in financial instruments issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government
pose credit default and liquidity risks. A payment default or delay by the U.S. government, or continued uncertainty
surrounding the U.S. debt ceiling, could result in a variety of adverse effects for financial markets, market
participants and U.S. and global economic conditions. In addition, U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns
have increased the possibility of a downgrade in the credit rating of the U.S. government and could result in
economic slowdowns or a recession in the U.S. No assurance can be made that losses or significant deterioration
in the fair value of our U.S. government issued or guaranteed investments will not occur. As of December 31, 2025,
we had approximately US$2.4 billion invested in government money market funds. Downgrades to the U.S. credit
rating could affect the stability of securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government and the valuation or
liquidity of our portfolio of such investment securities.


The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent the
maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had no short-term investments, cash and cash equivalents of
US$4.5 billion and restricted cash of US$62.1 million as of December 31, 2025, most of which are deposited in
financial institutions outside of China. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from our offering
on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “STAR Offering”) must be used in strict compliance with
the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus for the STAR Offering as well as our proceeds management
policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board of directors. Although our cash and cash equivalents in China
are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions, the deposits placed with these financial institutions
are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial
institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full.


As of December 31, 2025, we held no short-term investments. To the extent we invest in U.S. Treasury securities
as short-term investments in the future, although we believe that such securities are of high credit quality and
continually monitor the credit worthiness of these institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the
U.S. market, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could
adversely affect us.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            73
RISK FACTORS


Failure to meet responsible business and sustainability expectations or standards or achieve our corporate
strategy goals could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or stock price.


There has been focus from global regulators and stakeholders on responsible business and sustainability matters,
including greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks; human capital management; responsible sourcing
and supply chain; human rights and social responsibility; and corporate governance and oversight. As part of
our long-term strategy and in-line with safeguarding sustainable value growth, we actively manage these issues.
We have identified key strategic priorities and set goals that reflect our current plans and aspirations and cannot
guarantee that we will be able to achieve them. Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts and ability
to manage these issues and goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and
other risks, any of which may be outside of our control or could have a material adverse impact on our business,
including on our stock price. Further, there is uncertainty around the accounting standards and climate-related
disclosures associated with emerging sustainability laws and reporting requirements and the related costs to
comply with the emerging regulations. Our failure or perceived failure, to achieve our sustainability goals or comply
with sustainability-related regulations could expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community and
enforcement authorities. Our reputation also may be harmed by the perceptions that our stakeholders have about
our action or inaction on these sustainability issues.


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates, we may lose
market exclusivities in our medicines.


Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our valuable innovations including medicines, drug
candidates and proprietary technologies by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights,
including patent rights. We seek to protect our innovations that we consider commercially important by filing patent
applications in the U.S., the PRC, Europe and other territories, or relying on trade secrets or regulatory exclusivities.


However, filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents/patent applications in all countries worldwide could be
prohibitively expensive. As the patent laws of different countries vary, our patent applications may not be granted
in all countries and the issued patents may vary in scope and enforceability. In addition, different countries may
provide varying regulatory exclusivities to pharmaceutical drugs, and some countries provide no regulatory
exclusivities. Consequently, we may not have the same patent protection or exclusivities to our medicines or drug
candidates in all countries worldwide. Further, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and
regulatory review of new drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly
after such drug candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us
with sufficient length of exclusivities to our medicines or drug candidates. The issued patents and pending patent
applications, if issued, for our medicines and drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as described
in “Business – Intellectual Property” of this annual report. Upon expiration, we may no longer have exclusivities on
the corresponding medicines or drug candidates.




74     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Moreover, issued patents may be invalidated for a number of reasons, including but not limited to known or
unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty or inventive step of the underlying
invention or technology.


Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial
conditions, results of operations, and prospects.


We have been and may further become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which
could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our medicines and drug
candidates could be found invalid, unenforceable or not infringed by a court or government patent authorities.


Third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be
necessary to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights or to protect our trade secrets. This can be expensive
and time consuming. The third parties may also challenge the validity or enforceability of our patents.


When a generic drug company files an Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) with the FDA seeking
approval to market a generic version of any of our products before the expiration of Orange Book listed patents
(“OB Patents”) covering such products, this will most likely trigger ANDA litigation. For example, on February 25,
2026, our subsidiaries, BeOne Medicines USA, Inc. and BeOne Medicines I GmbH, filed a patent infringement suit
against Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. and Zydus Lifesciences Limited (collectively, “Zydus”) in the U.S. District
Court for the District of New Jersey, in response to Zydus’s notice informing its filing of an ANDA with the FDA in
connection with BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib) tablets. The success of ANDA litigation depends on the strength of the
OB Patents and our ability to prove infringement. The outcome of ANDA litigation is inherently uncertain and may
result in potential loss of market exclusivity for our product which may have a significant financial impact on product
revenue.


The scope, validity or enforceability of our or our collaborators’ patents may be challenged in court or other
authorities, and we or they may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights
and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a
material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. As such, any issued patents may not protect us
from generic or biosimilar competition for these medicines. Specifically, in patent litigation, defendants often
challenge the validity and/or enforceability of the asserted patents, and there are numerous potential grounds upon
which a patent can be found invalid and/or unenforceable. The validity of a patent can also be challenged before
administrative bodies in the U.S. or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such proceedings could result in
revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our medicines or drug
candidates. The outcome of such proceedings is inherently uncertain and may result in losing the patent protection
on our medicines or drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our
business.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            75
RISK FACTORS


Lawsuits alleging infringing of intellectual property rights of third parties could be costly and time consuming
and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our medicines or drug candidates.


We respect third parties’ valid intellectual property rights and diligently manage any freedom to operate risks
associated with our medicines and drug candidates. Nevertheless, we bear the risk that we may be sued by
third parties for patent infringement. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent applications
belonging to third parties that exist in fields of our medicines and drug candidates. There may also be third-
party patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we
operate, additional patents are likely to be issued that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial
amount of litigation and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries generally. Our medicines and drug candidates have and may in the
future, given rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others, and defense of these claims, regardless of
their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and divert our technical personnel, management personnel,
or both from their normal responsibilities.


If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may be
subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one
or more of our medicines and drug candidates. In the event of a successful claim against us of infringement or
misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may have to pay substantial damages, including
treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement, pay royalties or redesign our infringing
medicines and drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and cost.


Even in the absence of litigation, we may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to mitigate freedom to operate
risks and as a result, could impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may also be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged
trade secrets of others.


In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
medicines and drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time – consuming, and
the outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.




76     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •      2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of
these employees executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and in some cases non-competition agreements
in connection with their previous employment. Our employees may also have access to trade secrets of our
collaboration partners. Although we try our best to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary
information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees
have misappropriated trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employees’ former employers. For
example, in September 2024, AbbVie filed a lawsuit alleging misappropriation of certain trade secrets concerning
our Bruton’s tyrosine kinase degrader program, including lead compound BGB-16673. Defending against such
claims, regardless of their merit, could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we fail in
defending any such claims, we may need to pay monetary damages and lose valuable intellectual property rights
and suffer reputational harm.


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could
be harmed if those third parties fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, provide us with insufficient
quantities of product or provide product at unacceptable quality levels or prices.


Although we manufacture commercial supply of TEVIMBRA, zanubrutinib, and pamiparib at our manufacturing
facilities in China, and recently opened our commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in
New Jersey and a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China, we continue to rely on outside
vendors to manufacture supplies and process some of our medicines and drug candidates. For example, we
have entered into a commercial supply agreement for TEVIMBRA with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals
(China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) and entered into a commercial supply agreement for BRUKINSA with Catalent
Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”). In addition, we generally rely on our collaboration partners and their third-
party manufacturers for supply of in-licensed medicines in China. We have limited experience in manufacturing or
processing our medicines and drug candidates on a commercial scale. Additionally, we have limited experience
in managing the manufacturing process, and our process may be more difficult or expensive than the approaches
currently in use.


Our reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:


•     we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
      manufacturers is limited and regulatory authorities must evaluate and/or approve any manufacturers as part of
      their regulatory oversight of our medicines and drug candidates;


•     our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our medicines and drug candidates,
      and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us to implement and maintain the
      infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates;


•     our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our medicines and drug candidates or
      produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any;




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT            77
RISK FACTORS


•    manufacturers are subject to initial and ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and
     corresponding state agencies in the U.S. to ensure strict compliance with GMP requirements, chain of
     distribution requirements and other government regulations and by other comparable regulatory authorities
     for corresponding non-U.S. requirements. Manufacturers may be unable to comply with these GMPs which
     may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension, delay or withdrawal of product
     approval, product liability claims, product seizure or recall and enforcement actions, including injunctions and
     criminal or civil prosecution;


•    a dispute may arise with one or more of our third-party manufacturers;


•    we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to some of the technology used and
     improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our medicines and
     drug candidates;


•    raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
     other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
     component defects;


•    our contract manufacturers and drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their business,
     including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier
     systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or
     pandemics; and


•    manufacturing partners may require us to fund capital improvements to support scale-up of manufacturing
     and related activities to the extent our drug candidates or medicines become approved for commercial sale.


For example, in March 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China
previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S..


Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development of our drug candidates or commercialization of
our medicines. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our medicines and
drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable,
patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our
company until deficiencies are remedied.


Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business.




78     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our medicines and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of
our medicines and drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience
manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political
environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with
their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our medicines for commercial sale and our drug candidates to
patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could
delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and,
depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical
trials completely.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
arrangements.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration agreements and may enter into additional collaboration, licensing
arrangements, or strategic alliances with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research,
development and commercialization efforts. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and
other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders,
or disrupt our management and business.


For example, in 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its commercial-stage
oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
oncology pipeline products. In 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis Pharma
AG (“Novartis”), granting Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize our anti-PD-1 antibody
TEVIMBRA in certain territories, but that agreement was terminated in September 2023 and we regained full, global
rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize TEVIMBRA. In December 2021, we entered into an option,
collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational
TIGIT inhibitor, ociperlimab, in North America, Europe, and Japan, terminated that agreement in July 2023 and
regained full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab. In December 2024, we entered
into a global licensing agreement with CSPC Zhongqi Pharmaceutical Technology (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd. for a
methionine adenosyltransferase 2A (MAT2A)-inhibitor being explored for solid tumors.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT             79
RISK FACTORS


Our strategic collaborations involve numerous risks. We may not achieve the revenue and cost synergies
expected from our collaborations, and our management’s attention may be diverted from our drug discovery and
development business. These synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic
and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control.
If we achieve the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Additionally,
strategic collaborations can be terminated for various reasons, including future acquisitions.


We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-
consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic collaboration
for our medicines and drug candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development
for collaborative effort. If and when we collaborate with a third-party for development and commercialization of a
medicine or drug candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that
medicine or drug candidate to the third-party. For any medicines or drug candidates that we may seek to in-license
from third parties, we may face significant competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies
with greater resources or capabilities than us, and any agreement that we do enter may not result in the anticipated
benefits.


Collaborations involving our medicines and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the
following:


•    collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
     collaboration;


•    collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates and medicines or
     may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
     changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other
     external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;


•    collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
     abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
     candidate for clinical testing;


•    collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
     indirectly with our medicines or drug candidates;


•    a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more medicines may not commit sufficient
     resources to their marketing and distribution or may set prices that reduce the profitability of the medicines;


•    collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
     property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
     jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;




80     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


•     disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
      development or commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or
      arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; and


•     collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our medicines and drug candidates that
      results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to
      commercialize such intellectual property.


As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, licensing arrangements or
strategic alliances if we are unable to successfully integrate products with our existing operations and company
culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain
that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will be able to fulfill all of our contractual obligations in a timely
manner or achieve the revenue, specific net income or other goals that justify such transaction. If we are unable
to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have
to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our
other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing
activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own
expense.


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
adversely affected.


We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our approved medicines. For example, we rely on sole third-party
distributors to distribute some of our in-licensed approved medicines in China and multiple third-party distributors
for the distribution of our internally developed medicines. We also expect to rely on third-party distributors to
distribute our other internally developed and in-licensed medicines, if approved. Our ability to maintain and grow
our business will depend on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery
of our medicines. However, we have relatively limited control over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our
medicines in the manner we contemplate. If price controls or other factors substantially reduce the margins our
distributors can obtain through the resale of our medicines to hospitals, medical institutions and sub-distributors,
they may terminate their relationship with us. While we believe alternative distributors are readily available, there is
a risk that, if the distribution of our medicines is interrupted, our sales volumes and business prospects could be
adversely affected.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT             81
RISK FACTORS


If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


We have a collaboration agreement with Amgen pursuant to which we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate on
the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China, and the
global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen’s clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
pipeline products. Amgen has paused or stopped development of some of the pipeline assets due to portfolio
prioritization, and the parties expect that the development plan for the pipeline assets will continue to evolve over
time. Additionally, for the period between 2020 and 2022, we were advised by Amgen that its applications to the
Human Genetic Resources Administration of China (“HGRAC”) to obtain approval to conduct clinical studies in
China for the pipeline assets were delayed. Approval from the HGRAC is required for the initiation of clinical trials
involving the collection of human genetic materials in China. We do not expect the previous HGRAC delay to affect
the conduct of the clinical trials in China for our drug candidates. The Amgen collaboration involves numerous
risks, including unanticipated costs and diversion of our management’s attention from our other drug discovery and
development business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize
Amgen’s oncology products in China, which could disrupt our business and harm our financial results.


We may rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and our business could be
substantially harmed.


We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely to some extent upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage
data and provide other services for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We may rely on these parties
for execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the
applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does
not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators
are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by regulatory authorities for all
of our drug candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with
applicable GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed
unreliable and regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our
marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with drug product produced under
GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would
delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigations and enforcement
actions.




82     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.


Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


At the beginning of 2025, we had approximately 11,000 employees, and we ended the year with nearly 12,000
employees, an increase of approximately 9%. As of the date of this annual report, we had nearly 12,000 employees
worldwide. As our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we
must add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, drug development, clinical, regulatory affairs,
manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel in the U.S., China, Europe and other regions. Our
recent growth and any anticipated future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of
management, including: identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;
managing the growth in our research, clinical operations, commercial, and supporting functions; and improving
our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Our management may
also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a
substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.


We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.
If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully implement
the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and,
accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT             83
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, we have invested, and are investing significant time, resources and capital into the expansion of our
facilities, including the creation of additional capacity at our Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities and
the construction of our Hopewell facility. If actual demand for our medicines does not meet our future projections,
we will likely incur increased costs related to idle capacity including, but not limited to, acceleration of the timing of
depreciation or impairment charges, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.


Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory board, and director; John V. Oyler,
our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors; Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., our President
and Chief Operating Officer; Aaron Rosenberg, our Chief Financial Officer; and the other principal members of our
management and scientific teams play a critical role in the Company’s operations and development. Although we
have employment agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent
our executives from terminating their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance
for any of our executives or other employees.


Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash
incentives, we have provided share options, restricted share units and restricted shares that vest over time or are
based on performance conditions. The value to employees of these equity grants that may be significantly affected
by movements in our share price that are beyond our control and may be insufficient to counteract more lucrative
offers from other companies.


In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating
and executing our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization strategy. The loss of
the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede the achievement of
our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to
successfully implement our business strategy.


Furthermore, replacing executives, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.


We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.




84         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the collection
and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be stringent and many are subject to change
and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business practices,
significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.


Regulatory authorities around the world have implemented industry-specific laws and regulations that affect the
collection and transfer of personal data. For example, in China, the Regulation on the Administration of Human
Genetic Resources (“HGR” and, such regulation, the “HGR Regulation”) applies to activities that involve sampling,
biobanking, use of HGR materials and associated data, in China, and provision of such materials to non-PRC
parties. The HGR Regulation prohibits both onshore or offshore entities established or actually controlled by non-
PRC entities and individuals from sampling or biobanking any China HGR in China and requires approval for the
sampling of certain HGR and biobanking of all HGR by Chinese parties. Approval for any export or cross-border
transfer of HGR material is required, and transfer of China HGR data by Chinese parties to non-PRC parties or
entities established or actually controlled by them also requires the Chinese parties to file, before the transfer, a
copy of the data to the HGR administration for record. The HGR Regulation also requires that non-PRC parties
ensure the full participation of Chinese parties in international collaborations and all records and data must be
shared with the Chinese parties. The Implementing Rules for the HGR Regulation and additional issued guidance
has clarified many areas of the HGR Regulation. For information about applications under the HGR Regulation for
clinical studies in China that may affect the Amgen collaboration, see the risk factor titled “If we are not able to
successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected benefits of the collaboration
will not materialize.”


Additionally, the Cyberspace Administration of China (“CAC”) released the final Measures of Cross-Border Data
Transfer Security Assessment, effective as of September 2022, under which any transfer of certain “important data”
out of China triggers a security assessment to be conducted by the Chinese government. The term “important
data” is a broadly defined term under the Cybersecurity Law and Data Security Law, and further clarifications need
to be put in place by the Chinese government. However, under the latest draft Information Security Technology
– Guideline for Identification of Critical Data, HGR data is classified as “important data,” and if the guidance is
finalized as is, it can be expected that this new cross-border data transfer rule may create considerable additional
regulatory burdens on international companies’ human gene-involved R&D activities in China.


If the Chinese parties fail to comply with data protection laws, regulations and practice standards, and our research
data is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could result in a loss
of our confidential information and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. It is possible that
these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our or our collaborators’ practices,
potentially resulting in suspension of relevant ongoing clinical trials or the initiation of new trials, confiscation
of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines, disgorgement of illegal gains, or temporary or
permanent debarment of our or our collaborators’ entities and responsible persons from further HGR projects
and, consequently, a de-facto ban from initiating new clinical trials in China. So far, the HGR administration has
disclosed a number of HGR violation cases.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            85
RISK FACTORS


To further enhance the administration of China HGR, in 2021, the Chinese government adopted amendments to
the Criminal Code, which criminalize the illegal collection of China HGR, the illegal transfer of China HGR materials
outside of China, and the transfer of China HGR data to non-PRC parties or entities established or actually
controlled by them without going through security review and assessment. Also in 2021, the PRC Biosecurity
Law became effective. The PRC Biosecurity Law establishes an integrated system to regulate biosecurity-related
activities in China, including the security regulation of HGR and biological resources. The PRC Biosecurity Law for
the first time expressly declared that China has sovereignty over its HGR and further endorsed the HGR Regulation
by recognizing the fundamental regulatory principles and systems established by it over the utilization of Chinese
HGR by foreign entities in China. Although the Biosecurity Law does not provide any specific new regulatory
requirements on HGR, as it is a law adopted by China’s highest legislative authority, it gives the National Health
Commission, China’s major regulatory authority of HGR, significantly more power and discretion to regulate HGR
and it is expected that the overall regulatory landscape for Chinese HGR will continue to evolve and become even
more rigorous. In addition, the interpretation and application of data protection laws in China are often uncertain
and in flux.


We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public
going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to
significant penalties, including fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays
in receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or interruption of
production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


We currently have multiple manufacturing facilities in China. We recently opened our commercial-stage biologics
manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey and a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou,
China. These facilities may encounter unanticipated delays and expenses in startup operations due to a number
of factors, including regulatory requirements. If expansion, regulatory evaluation and/or approval of our facilities
are delayed, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our medicines and drug candidates, which
would limit our development and commercialization activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns
associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional funds from other
sources.




86      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” our
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection in connection with clinical development and new drug approvals
and ongoing, periodic inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure
compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements. Historically, some manufacturing facilities in China have
had difficulty meeting the FDA’s, NMPA’s or EMA’s standards. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to
such GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products
for clinical or commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent
filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our medicines. We
also may encounter problems with achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or
other comparable regulatory agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield
and costs, as well as shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors.


Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of
approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or medicines, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.


To supply commercial quantities for our marketed products, produce our medicines in the quantities that we
believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand, and to supply clinical drug material to support the
continued growth of our clinical programs, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by
a significant factor over the initial level of production, which will require substantial additional expenditures and
various regulatory approvals and permits. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our medicines
in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand. Furthermore, developing advanced manufacturing techniques and
process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities. Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our
facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.


If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly
or inexpensively restore our manufacturing capacity or restore it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted
loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any medicines manufactured at that facility. Any interruption in manufacturing
operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or
commercialization. Any disruption that impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates or medicines in a
timely manner could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property, plant and equipment in amounts
we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to
reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug
candidates and medicines if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities
or processes.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT             87
RISK FACTORS


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal
controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these
requirements.


As a public company listed in the U.S., Hong Kong and Shanghai, we are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the listing rules of the Nasdaq Global
Select Market (“NASDAQ”), The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) and the STAR Market of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with
applicable requirements. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain
corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to
these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
make some activities more time-consuming and costly.


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we
must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and
expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the market price of our shares
could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, HKEx, China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), SSE or
other applicable regulatory authorities, and our business could be harmed.


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.


From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic collaborations, including licensing or
acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-
process or potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including:


•    increased operating expenses and cash requirements;


•    the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;


•    the issuance of our equity securities;


•    assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
     associated with integrating new personnel;




88     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


•    the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
     such a strategic merger or acquisition;


•    retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
     relationships;


•    risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
     party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals, including applicable antitrust and
     trade regulation laws in the relevant U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we or the operations or assets we
     seek to acquire carry on business; and


•    our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
     undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.


In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or strategic collaborations, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or
incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant
future amortization expense. For example, in connection with our transaction with Amgen, we issued to Amgen
a total of 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs in 2020, representing 20.5% of the then issued share
capital of the Company after giving effect to the share issuance, which resulted in Amgen becoming our largest
shareholder and the ownership of our existing shareholders being diluted.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), have established additional
procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time
consuming and complex. For example, the M&A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the
“MOFCOM”) be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control
of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that
have or may have impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control
of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, under the Anti-
Monopoly Law of the PRC and the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings
issued by the State Council, a transaction by way of merger, acquisition or contractual arrangement that allow one
market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player requires advanced notice
to the State Administration for Market Regulation (the “SAMR”) when such threshold is crossed and shall not be
implemented without the clearance of prior notification. In addition, the Measures for Security Review of Foreign
Investment and the Regulations on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of
Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors (the “Security Review Rules”) specify that mergers and acquisitions by
foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which
foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns
are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by
structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.
Furthermore, according to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if a Chinese overseas listed company issues
overseas listed securities to acquire assets, such issuance would be subject to filing requirements with the CSRC.
We may also be subject to similar review and regulations in other jurisdictions, such as the laws and regulations on
foreign investment in the U.S. under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
(“CFIUS”) and other agencies, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act.

                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            89
RISK FACTORS


In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
consuming, and any required approval or filing processes, including obtaining approval from or filing with
CFIUS, the SAMR, the MOFCOM, the CSRC or other agencies may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such
transactions. It is unclear whether those complementary businesses we may acquire in the future would be deemed
to be in an industry that raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns. Furthermore, CFIUS,
SAMR, MOFCOM, CSRC or other government agencies may make further determinations that increase the scrutiny
of our future acquisitions in the U.S. or the PRC or prohibits such acquisitions. Our ability to expand our business
or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely
affected.


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits us from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also
subject to the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. The anti-bribery laws in
China generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. As our business has
expanded, the applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.


We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of U.S., PRC or other countries’ anti-corruption and related laws. Although we have policies
and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply with anti-bribery laws, there is
no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees and intermediaries from engaging
in bribery activities. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with
applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil
penalties, including but not limited to imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, suspension of our ability to do business
with the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from participation in
government healthcare programs, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business.




90     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If we or our CROs or contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) fail to comply with environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on our business.


We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and waste. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into operation
after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the
risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use
of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and such liability could exceed our
insurance coverage. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.


In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development,
manufacturing or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in
substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.


Our information technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer
security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization
efforts.


Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our contractors
and collaborators, are vulnerable to damage from internal or external events, such as cyberattacks, computer
viruses, unauthorized access to systems and data, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud,
wrongful conduct by insider employees and vendors, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, business
email compromises, social engineering (including phishing attacks), computer malware, malicious codes, wrongful
intrusions, and other similar activities, as well as natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and
electrical failures, which can compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems. Such threats
are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, and now
include potential attacks enhanced or facilitated by artificial intelligence.




                                                   BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT           91
RISK FACTORS


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, banking information of
our vendors, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications
and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced vendors. Because information systems, networks and other
technologies are critical to many of our operating activities, shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or
vendors that provide information systems, networks, or other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions
may be caused by widespread adoption of artificial intelligence impacting the attack surfaces targeted by threat
actors or by other events such as computer hacking, phishing attacks, ransomware, business email compromises,
social engineering (including phishing attacks), dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive
or disruptive software, denial-of-service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events could cause loss of
data, damage to systems and data and leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access important data
needed to operate our business. Like other companies in our industry, we, and our contractors and collaborators,
have experienced and will continue to experience cybersecurity threats and incidents relating to our information
technology systems and infrastructure, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, email compromise attacks,
ransomware, or other cyber-attacks. Such threats could adversely affect our security, leave us without access to
important systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information and expose our confidential data.
If a material cyber incident or data breach were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result
in a material disruption of our research, development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization efforts
and our business operations. In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster
recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant events could result in a disruption of
our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of revenues.


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/
or systems. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our
information technology systems or those of our vendors occurs, we could be required to provide legal notifications
and disclosures, as well as expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond to these threats
or breaches and to repair or replace information systems or networks and could suffer financial loss or the loss of
valuable confidential information.




92     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private
litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and
regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices.
Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we
have processes to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and
processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome
security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these
events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. It is possible that the risk of cyber-attacks or other privacy or data
security incidents may be heightened as a result of our remote working environment, which may be less secure
and more susceptible to hacking attacks. As we outsource more of our information systems to vendors, engage
in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely more on cloud-based information systems, the
related security risks will increase and we will need to expend additional resources to protect our technology and
information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that our internal information technology systems or
those of our contractors and collaborators, as well as our and their efforts to implement adequate security and
control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against breakdowns, service disruptions, data deterioration
or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a
cyberattack, data breach, ransomware, industrial espionage attack or insider threat attack that could adversely
affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential
or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. Further, our
contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations
of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our privacy and
data security obligations. Further, although we maintain cyber liability insurance, this insurance may not provide
adequate coverage against potential liabilities related to any experienced cybersecurity incident or breach.


The increasing use of artificial intelligence-based software (including machine learning) and social media
platforms may result in reputational harm or liability or could otherwise adversely affect our business.


The use of artificial intelligence-based software is increasingly being used in the biopharmaceutical and global
healthcare industries. As with many developing technologies, artificial intelligence-based software presents risks
and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. Use of
this technology could pose cybersecurity, data privacy, IT, intellectual property, regulatory, legal, operational,
competitive, reputational and other risks and challenges that could affect our business. Specifically, risks related to
accuracy, bias, artificial intelligence hallucinations, discrimination, harmful content, misinformation, fraud, scams,
targeted attacks (including model poisoning or data poisoning), surveillance, data leakage, inequality, environmental
harms, and other harms may flow from our development, use, or deployment of AI technologies. Algorithms
may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; and inappropriate
or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results. If the analyses
that artificial intelligence applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to
competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of artificial intelligence-
based software may lead to the inadvertent release, disclosure, or compromise of confidential information or other
proprietary intellectual property through the use of generative artificial intelligence tools, or other cybersecurity
incidents which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of our intellectual property.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT            93
RISK FACTORS


A growing number of laws and regulations are being adopted which focus on enforcement efforts surrounding
artificial intelligence and the use of such technologies in compliance with ethical standards and societal
expectations. For example, the EU’s Artificial Intelligence Act imposes significant obligations on providers and
deployers of artificial intelligence systems, and encourages ethical principles in the development and use of these
systems. Likewise, in the U.S., dozens of states have passed laws to regulate various uses and applications of
artificial intelligence, including addressing deployment of artificial intelligence in healthcare settings. At the federal
level, the FDA has advanced guidance and proposed frameworks for regulating AI in drug discovery, marketing
submissions, and medical device development. At the same time, the Trump administration has endorsed a federal
moratorium on enforcement of certain state-level AI regulation, including through a December 11, 2025 Executive
Order on “Ensuring a National Policy Framework for Artificial Intelligence.” So far, these efforts have not been
successful at curtailing state action on AI regulation, contributing to a complicated legislative patchwork that may
be litigated in state and federal courts. We currently use systems that incorporate artificial intelligence, and if we
develop or continue to use artificial intelligence systems governed by these laws or regulations, we will need to
apply significant resources to design, develop, test and maintain such systems in accordance with applicable
law and regulation, with the potential for significant enforcement or litigation in the event of any perceived non-
compliance or is use of such technologies results in harms or other causes of actions we did not predict.


Additionally, our vendors may incorporate artificial intelligence tools into their offerings, and the providers of these
artificial intelligence tools may not meet regulatory standards, including with respect to privacy and data security.
Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including artificial intelligence, to
engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information and
intellectual property. Any of these effects could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and
information, cause us to breach applicable laws and regulations, and adversely impact our business.


Relatedly, social media platforms are increasingly being used to communicate about our products and the diseases
our medicines and drug candidates are designed to treat. Social media practices in the biopharmaceutical industry
continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear and create uncertainty and risk of
noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business. For example, patients may use social media channels
to comment on the effectiveness of a product or to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur,
there is a risk that we may fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations. There is
also a risk of negative or inaccurate posts about us on social media, including criticism regarding our medicines or
drug candidates. The immediacy of social media precludes us from having real-time control over postings made
regarding our company, medicines or drug candidates. Our reputation could be damaged by negative publicity
posted on social media platforms which we may not be able to timely reverse. If any of these events were to occur
or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face restrictive regulatory actions
or incur other harm to our business.




94     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Our failure to comply with privacy and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government
enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.


In the U.S., Europe, China, and many other jurisdictions where we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations
that address privacy, personal information protection, use of artificial intelligence-based software and data security.
Numerous laws and regulations, including, without limitation, privacy laws (such as the European Union’s General
Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or similar laws), security breach notification laws (such as China’s Measures
on National Cybersecurity Incident Reporting), health information privacy laws (such as the United States’ Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”)), and consumer protection laws (such as the United States’
Federal Trade Commission’s unfair or deceptive practices rules, or California’s Consumer Privacy Act), govern the
collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. A subset of these laws
also have strict requirements governing the cross-border transfer of, or access to, personal information (see the risk
factor titled “Compliance with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”),
Cybersecurity Review Measures, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PIPL”),
regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other future laws and
regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business. ”).


The legal and regulatory landscape around data privacy is rapidly changing with countries, states and other
localities passing new laws and regulations every year. For example, in the U.S., in early 2025, the U.S. Department
of Justice (“the DOJ”) issued a January 8, 2025 rule on “Preventing Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and
Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons,” to prohibit certain transactions involving
access to bulk sensitive data by countries of concern, such as China (including Hong Kong and Macau), Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Venezuela. For instance, the DOJ’s regulations prohibit transactions involving
human genomic data and biospecimens of more than 100 U.S. individuals, except where necessary for specified
exempt activities, such as for regulatory approvals, clinical investigations in support of FDA applications, and
post-marketing surveillance. Additionally, numerous U.S. states now have passed or proposed privacy laws that
add complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk requiring additional investment
of resources in compliance programs. For example, state laws regulating consumer personal information may
impact clinical trial recruitment, marketing, and other activities, and state laws regulating health and genetic
information may restrict access to data from outside the U.S. and our ability to collaborate with certain institutions.
For example, Texas passed the Texas Genomic Act of 2025, which regulates access by “Foreign adversaries” to
genomic data or biosamples collected in Texas and forbids use of genetic sequencers or associated software made
or developed by Foreign Adversaries. Tracking and complying with these laws and regulations requires significant
time and expenses and could materially affect our business. By way of example and without limitation, these laws
may require updating of contracts, informed consent forms, clinical trial protocols and privacy notices; changes to
company procedures and corporate structures; limiting what personal information we collect, who has access to
it and how/where we use it; performing internal assessments; changes to the security and hosting solution of our
systems; changes to vendors and other third parties that we work with; specific reporting and remediation efforts in
the event of a data breach; and even opening our business up for external assessments by government bodies.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           95
RISK FACTORS


Given the variability and evolving state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new
requirements, and we may face challenges in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in their
interpretation. Despite our best efforts and those of our outside counsel, regulators and courts may disagree with
our interpretation of the regulations, which may impact how we operate and result in penalties being imposed on
us. Additionally, we may experience a reportable data breach (see the risk factor titled “Our information technology
systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result
in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization efforts ”). Any failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to significant administrative, civil or criminal
fines or other penalties and negatively impact our reputation and our ability to participate in certain government-
supported programs. For severe violations, in some countries these laws even allow courts and government
agencies to delay or halt transfer of personal information, require deletion of personal information, or even order we
stop collection, use or other processing of personal information in that country. All of these could materially harm
our business, prospects, and financial condition or even disrupt our operations.


These laws apply not just to us, but also to those vendors working on our behalf, as well as our business partners.
Any actual or perceived failure of them to comply with these laws and regulations could impact the services they
provide to us, our collaborations with them and our reputation; additionally, there is a risk of liability flowing to us
under certain contractual and/or legal conditions.


Compliance with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”),
Cybersecurity Review Measures, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PIPL”), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other
future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business.


China has implemented extensive data protection, privacy and information security rules and is considering a
number of additional proposals relating to these subject areas. We face significant uncertainties and risks related to
these laws, regulations and policies, some of which were only recently enacted, and the interpretation of these legal
requirements by government regulators as applied to biotechnology companies like us. For example, we collect
and maintain de-identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical trials in compliance that could be deemed
“personal data” or “important data” by government regulators. With China’s growing emphasis of its sovereignty
over data derived from China, the outbound transmission of de-identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical
trials may be subject to the new national security legal regime, including the Data Security Law, the Cyber Security
Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Cyber Security Law”), the PIPL, and various implementing regulations
and standards.




96     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


China’s Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted based on “data
classification and hierarchical protection system” for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities in China
from transferring data stored in China to foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior
approval by the relevant PRC authority. The classification of data is based on its importance in economic and social
development, as well as the degree of harm expected to be caused to national security, public interests, or the
legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations if such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, or
illegally acquired or used.


The Cyber Security Law, which was amended effective January 1, 2026, requires companies to take certain
organizational, technical and administrative measures to ensure the security of their networks and data stored on
their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides that companies adopt a multi-level protection scheme
(“MLPS”), under which network operators are required to perform obligations of security protection to ensure that
the network is free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being
disclosed, stolen or tampered. Under the MLPS, entities’ operating information systems must have a thorough
assessment of the risks and the conditions of their information and network systems to determine the level to which
the entity’s information and network systems belong, from the lowest Level 1 to the highest Level 5, pursuant to a
series of national standards on the grading and implementation of the classified protection of cybersecurity. The
grading result will determine the set of security protection obligations that entities must comply with and when
relevant government authority examination and approval is required.


Under the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law, we are required to establish and maintain a comprehensive
data and network security management system that will enable us to monitor and respond appropriately to data
security and network security risks. We are obligated to notify affected individuals and appropriate Chinese
regulators of, and respond to, any data security and network security incidents. Chinese authorities have issued
guidance, regulations, and amendments that continue to evolve the required standard of security and potential
liabilities for violations. For example, the Network Data Security Management Regulations which became effective
in January 2025, impose detailed and prescriptive requirements for protecting network security. In addition, the
Administrative Measures on National Cybersecurity Incident Reporting which became effective in November
2025, define the levels of cybersecurity incidents and the corresponding reporting requirements. Establishing and
maintaining such systems takes substantial time, effort and cost, and we may not be able to establish and maintain
such systems as fully as needed to ensure compliance with our legal obligations. Despite our investment, such
systems may not adequately protect us or enable us to appropriately respond to or mitigate all data security and
network security risks or incidents we may face.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT            97
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, under the Data Security Law, data categorized as “important data,” which will be determined by
governmental authorities in the form of catalogs, is to be processed and handled with a higher level of protection.
The notion of important data is not clearly defined by the Cyber Security Law or the Data Security Law. In order to
comply with the statutory requirements, we will need to determine whether we possess important data, monitor
the important data catalogs that are expected to be published by local governments and departments, perform
risk assessments and ensure we are complying with reporting obligations to applicable regulators. We may also be
required to disclose to regulators business sensitive or network security-sensitive details regarding our processing
of important data and may need to pass the government security review or obtain government approval in order to
share important data with offshore recipients, which can include foreign licensors, or share data stored in mainland
China with judicial and law enforcement authorities outside of mainland China. If judicial and law enforcement
authorities outside mainland China require us to provide data stored in mainland China, and we are not able to pass
any required government security review or obtain any required government approval to do so, we may not be able
to meet the non-PRC authorities’ requirements and may be unable to share information outside of China which
may disrupt the operation of our business. The potential conflicts in legal obligations could have adverse impacts
on our operations in and outside of mainland China. PRC regulatory authorities have also enhanced the supervision
and regulation of cross-border data transmission. The Data Security Law prohibits entities and individuals in China
from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval
from competent PRC authority and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation
of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fines, suspension of relevant business,
and revocation of business permits or licenses. Moreover, the CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security
Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission (effective September 2022) and the Provisions on Promoting and
Standardizing Cross-Border Data Flows (effective March 2024), as well as further question-and-answer guidance
issued in April and May 2025 which provide certain clarification and relaxation to the compliance mechanisms
for cross-border transfer of personal information, and provide several exemptions from undergoing security
assessment, obtaining personal information protection certification, or entering into prescribed agreement for cross-
border transfer of personal information for businesses. The provisions also explicitly state that data processors
are not required to conduct data security assessment for cross-border important data transfers if the concerning
data has not been notified or published as important data by relevant departments or regions. According to these
measures, personal data processors are subject to security assessment prior to any cross-border transfer of
data if the transfer involves (i) important data; (ii) personal information transferred overseas by operators of critical
information infrastructure; (iii) non-sensitive personal data of more than 1 million persons or sensitive personal data
of more than 10,000 persons transferred overseas since January 1 of the current year; or (iv) other circumstances
as requested by the CAC. Though these measures have already taken effect, substantial uncertainties still exist
with respect to the interpretation and implementation of these measures in practice and how they will affect our
business operation.




98     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


The CAC has taken action against several Chinese internet companies listed on U.S. securities exchanges for
alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information of Chinese data subjects.
According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law of the People’s
Republic of China (the “National Security Law”), the Cyber Security Law and the Cybersecurity Review Measures.
Effective as of February 2022, the CAC, together with 12 other PRC governmental authorities, promulgated the
Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, pursuant to which critical information infrastructure operators procuring
network products and services and online platform operators carrying out data processing activities, which affect or
may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review. In addition, online platform operators possessing
personal information of more than one million users seeking to be listed on foreign stock markets must apply for
a cybersecurity review. The relevant competent governmental authorities may also initiate a cybersecurity review
against the relevant operators if the authorities believe that the network product or service or data processing
activities of such operators affect or may affect national security. The CAC has also issued new and updated
regulatory measures focused on data security and cross-border data flows, and increased its enforcement activity.
We expect the CAC and additional Chinese regulators to maintain a high level of scrutiny in the data security, cross-
border data transfer and artificial intelligence space. There are still uncertainties as to the exact scope of network
product or service or data processing activities that will or may affect national security, and the PRC government
authorities may have discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these measures.


Additionally, the State Council published the Administrative Regulations on Cyber Data Security (“Cyber Data
Security Regulations”, effective January 1, 2025), pursuant to which data processors are required to identify and
report important data. Important data processors shall further adopt specific measures to secure the important
data, such as designing the personnel and management institution responsible for the network data security,
conducting risk assessment for the sharing, entrusted processing and joint processing of important data, and
submit the annual risk assessment reports to competent authorities. Furthermore, data processors shall be subject
to national security review if their cyber data processing activities affect or may affect national security. Certain
industry-specific laws and regulations may also affect our collection and transfer of data. For example, the HGR
Regulation and the Biosecurity Law of the PRC stipulate that foreign organizations, individuals, and the entities
established or actually controlled by foreign organizations or individuals are forbidden to collect, preserve and
export China’s human genetic resources.


There remain uncertainties as to how widespread the cybersecurity or national security review requirement and
the enforcement action will be and what effect they will have on the life sciences sector generally and our business
in particular. China’s regulators may impose penalties for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of
operations, and the imposition of any such penalties on our business could cause a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs
and RMB Shares, and could lead to our delisting from NASDAQ. As of the date of this annual report, we have not
received any notice from any Chinese regulatory authority identifying us as a “critical information infrastructure
operator,” “online platform operator” or “data processor” requiring us to go through the cybersecurity review
procedures pursuant to the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures or national security review under the Cyber
Data Security Regulations. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the regulations if enacted as currently
proposed, will be interpreted or implemented and whether the Chinese regulatory authorities will adopt additional
regulations. While we intend to closely monitor the evolving laws and regulations in this area and take all reasonable
measures to mitigate compliance risks, we cannot guarantee that our business and operations will not be
adversely affected by the potential impact of the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, the Cyber Data Security
Regulations or other laws and regulations related to privacy, data protection and information security.

                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT           99
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of the PRC promulgated the PIPL, which
expands data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by
organizations and individuals in China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of
China if such processing is for purposes of providing products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the
behavior of, persons in China. The PIPL also provides that critical information infrastructure operators and personal
information processing entities that process personal information meeting a volume threshold are also required
to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment for any
export of such personal information. In February 2025, the CAC finalized the Administrative Measures on Personal
Information Protection Compliance Audit, which specifies the requirements on companies to implement and
conduct the compliance audit under the PIPL. Lastly, the PIPL contains proposals for significant fines for serious
violations of up to RMB50 million, or 5% of annual revenues from the prior year, and penalties, including that
companies found to have violated the PIPL may be ordered to suspend any related activity.


Interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and
their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation or changes in
enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and the PIPL could significantly
increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or even
prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in
the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy,
data protection and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform could fail to meet
all of the requirements imposed by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related implementing
regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with such law or regulation, or any compromise of security that
results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the perception
or allegation that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation,
discourage new and existing counterparties from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines, suspension
or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private claims or litigation, any of which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our practices are not subject to
legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created by the
Data Security Law and the actions taken by the Chinese government could materially adversely affect our ability, on
favorable terms, to raise capital in the U.S. and other markets in the future.




100    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


If we or the parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, manufacture,
sale and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.


We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, manufacture,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, manufacture, promote, sell and distribute our products
may be subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses
and certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if we
or the parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or the parties on whom we rely to
obtain any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business,
there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or
certificates.


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by government shutdowns, public health
crises, natural catastrophes, or other business interruptions outside of our control.


Our global operations and those of our third-party contractors and collaborators expose us to natural or man-
made disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, explosions, public health crises, such as epidemics
or pandemics, terrorist activity, wars, political uncertainty, or other business interruptions outside of our control.
Furthermore, we do not maintain any insurance other than property insurance for some of our buildings, vehicles
and equipment. Accordingly, unexpected business interruptions resulting from disasters could disrupt our
operations and thereby result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. For example, our Guangzhou
manufacturing facility was hit by a typhoon in 2019 and although the typhoon did not cause material damage to the
facility, the boundary area and the adjacent land were flooded, causing a power outage for a few days. Afterwards,
we fortified the facility to help prevent future interruptions. A significant disruption at our manufacturing facilities,
even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to timely produce products, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.


Our production process requires a continuous supply of electricity. We have encountered power shortages
historically in China due to restricted power supply to industrial users during summers when the usage of electricity
is high and supply is limited or as a result of damage to the electricity supply network. Because the duration of
those power shortages was brief, they had no material impact on our operations. Longer interruptions of electricity
supply could result in lengthy production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and
the loss of production in progress. Any major suspension or termination of electricity or other unexpected business
interruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           101
RISK FACTORS


We also rely in part on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our medicines and drug candidates.
Our ability to obtain supplies of our medicines and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these
suppliers are affected by man-made or natural disasters, public health crises or other business interruptions which
could cause us to delay or cease development or commercialization of some or all of our medicines and drug
candidates. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research
and development of our drug candidates, and they may be affected by such business interruptions, government
shutdowns or withdrawn funding. For example, the ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be
affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy
changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result.


In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely,
including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently
fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new
product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely
affect our business. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, such as occurred in October 2025, or if staffing
changes prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other
regulatory activities, including formal and informal interactions with product developers, it could significantly impact
the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. Further, government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets
and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Without appropriation
of necessary funding to federal agencies, our business operations related to our product development activities
for the U.S. market could be impacted. The Trump administration has issued executive orders seeking to greatly
reduce the size of the federal workforce, including through layoffs and severance packages offered to employees
of federal agencies within the executive branch and independent agencies, including the FDA. Any such reduction
in personnel may result in longer review times by the FDA and other agencies. In addition, U.S. state governments
may seek to address or react to changes at the federal level with changes to their regulatory frameworks in a
manner that could impact our operations.


Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our business and our financial performance, and
future global pandemics or other public health crises could have similar negative impacts, including delays or
other disruptions to required regulatory inspections of our development activities, regulatory filings, manufacturing
operations, or clinical trial recruitment and progress. Additionally, the commercial or clinical supply of our medicines
and drug candidates could be negatively impacted due to reduced operations or a shutdown of our or our third-
party manufacturing facilities, distribution channels and transportation systems, or shortages of raw materials and
drug product. Additionally, as seen in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, public health crises may result
in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of a virus, including quarantines,
travel restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns. These measures may negatively affect our business
by inducing absenteeism or employee turnover, disrupting our operations, increasing the risk of a cybersecurity
incident, or other business disruptions outside of our control.




102    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks, included related environmental regulation, could
have a material adverse impact on our business operations, clients and customers.


The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to assess and predict. Our business and the activities of our
clients and customers could be impacted by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk
either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy,
including related environmental regulation of companies with respect to risks posed by climate change.


The physical impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and
severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to
health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other
adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities
and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the
operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. Furthermore, related environmental regulation
as a response to climate change could result in additional costs in the form of taxes and investments of capital to
maintain compliance with such laws. We bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or
destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may
be attributable to climate change, which could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position
or results of operation.


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.


We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our medicines in the U.S., China,
Europe and other markets, and for the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug candidates
globally. For example, we may be sued if our medicines or drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause
injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn
of dangers inherent in the medicine, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be
asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against, or obtain
indemnification from our collaborators for product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:
decreased demand for our medicines; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability
to continue clinical trials; initiation of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion
of our management’s time and resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product
recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available
insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize any medicine or drug candidate; and a decline in
our share price.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           103
RISK FACTORS


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.


We are subject to the risks and challenges of doing business globally, which may adversely affect our business
operations.


Our business is subject to risks and challenges associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our
business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a
specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes in laws
and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies
and procedures to operating environments different from that of the U.S.; difficulty of effective enforcement
of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in certain countries;
enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection measures or disputes,
import or export licensing requirements, and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges; laws
and regulations on foreign investment in the U.S. under the jurisdiction of CFIUS and other agencies; the effects
of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; the impact of public health crises
on employees, our operations and the global economy; restrictions on international travel and commerce; and
significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates. Failure to manage these risks and challenges could
negatively affect our ability to expand our businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.




104    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.


The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax
laws or their interpretation. For example, along with other recent U.S. federal tax reforms, the IRA and recently-
enacted OBBBA have resulted in significant changes to the taxation of business entities including, among other
changes, the imposition of a minimum tax on the book income of certain large corporations, changes to the
taxation of income derived from international operations, changes in the deduction and amortization of research
and development expenditures, and limitations on the deductibility of business interest. Future guidance from the
Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to any legislation may affect us, and certain aspects
of such legislation could be repealed or modified or sunset in future years. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-
border activities are continually subject to modification intended to address concerns over base erosion and profit
shifting (“BEPS”) and other perceived international tax avoidance techniques as a result of both coordinated actions
by governments, such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS, and unilateral measures designed by
individual countries.


In addition, we evaluate our deferred income tax assets and record a valuation allowance if it is “more likely than
not” that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The assessment of the appropriate amount
of a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets is dependent upon several factors, including estimates
of the realization of deferred income tax assets, which realization will be primarily based on future taxable
income, including the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences. Given our recent history of earnings, our
management believes that there is a reasonable possibility that, within the next twelve months, sufficient positive
evidence may become available to allow management to reach a conclusion that a significant portion of the
valuation allowance recorded against the deferred tax assets held will be reversed. We will continue to monitor the
likelihood of a reversal, and the exact timing and amount of a valuation allowance release are subject to change
based on the level of profitability that we actually achieve. Moreover, if actual results differ significantly from these
estimates of future taxable income, we may need to maintain the valuation allowance for all or a significant portion
of our deferred tax assets. Changes in the amount of any valuation allowance could materially increase or decrease
our provision for income taxes in a given period.


We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that
our rulings are consistent with accepted tax ruling practices, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be
predicted and could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •      2025   ANNUAL REPORT         105
RISK FACTORS


Restrictive covenants in our facilities agreements may limit our ability to respond to changes in market
conditions or pursue business opportunities.


The Facilities Agreement and our other facilities agreements contain restrictive covenants that, among other things,
limit certain activities or actions, including incurring additional indebtedness or liens, dispositions of assets, making
certain fundamental changes, entering into restrictive agreements, making certain investments, entering into
certain joint ventures, making certain loans, advances, guarantees or acquisitions, prepaying certain indebtedness,
paying dividends or making certain other distributions or redemptions/repurchases on certain equity interests, and
engaging in transactions with affiliates or amending certain material documents. As a result of these covenants, we
are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business and we may be unable to react to changes in market
conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund
needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business.


In addition, the Facilities Agreement and our other facilities agreements require us to maintain certain financial
ratios and to make certain required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest. If we fail to comply with
these provisions or other financial and operating covenants in such agreements, we could be in default under the
terms of such agreements. In the event of such default and we were unable to cure such default, the holders of
such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with
accrued and unpaid interest, and the lenders thereunder could elect to terminate their commitments thereunder,
cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets. If any of these events
occurred, then our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.


We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take
other actions to satisfy our obligations under applicable debt instruments, which may not be successful.


Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our indebtedness obligations depends on our financial
condition and operating performance, which are subject to financial, macroeconomic, competitive and other
factors, some of which may be beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from
operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.


If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service obligations, we may be forced to
reduce or delay investments and R&D expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance
indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet scheduled debt
service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital
markets and our financial condition at such time. Also, we may not be able to consummate dispositions at such
time on terms acceptable to us or at all, and the proceeds of any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet
such debt service obligations. Furthermore, any refinancing of indebtedness could be at higher interest rates
and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict business operations. In
addition, the terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives.
For example, the Facilities Agreement may restrict our ability to dispose of assets under certain circumstances
and our use of the proceeds from such disposition. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our
debt obligations, and resulting actions we may be forced to take or restricted from taking pursuant to our debt
instruments, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and
prospects.



106    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and
the U.S. or other governments and the significant oversight and discretion the PRC government has over the
conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion
strategies.


Due to our operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be
influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes in
government relations between China and the U.S. or other governments. There is significant uncertainty about the
future relationship between the U.S. and China with respect to trade policies, data sharing, treaties, government
regulations and tariffs. China’s economy differs from the economies of other countries in many respects, including
with respect to the level of development, growth rate, amount of government involvement, regulation of foreign
exchange and allocation of resources. While China’s economy has experienced significant growth over the past
four decades, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic sectors. The Chinese
government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation
of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect
on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government
regulation over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable to us. In addition,
in the past, the Chinese government implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to manage
the pace of economic growth and prevent the economy from overheating. These measures may cause decreased
economic activity in China, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.


The PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, and has the ability to exert
significant oversight and control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless.


The Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert control over
operations of our business, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our
securities. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           107
RISK FACTORS


For example, the PRC government has indicated its intent to exert more oversight and control over securities
offerings and other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based
companies. If the PRC authorities attempt to exercise such control or influence through regulation over our PRC
subsidiaries, we could be required to restructure our operations to comply with such regulations or potentially
cease operations in the PRC entirely, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could result in a material change in our operations,
and could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless.


Additionally, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business
operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision
over China-based companies listed overseas using the variable interest entity (“VIE”) structure, adopting new
measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
For example, in July 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Securities Opinions, which
emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on
overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the
construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas
listed companies.


Furthermore, in July 2021, the PRC government provided guidance on China-based companies raising capital
outside of China, including through VIE structures. In light of such developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced
disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities with the SEC. In February 2023,
the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines which became effective as of
March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, where Chinese companies that have directly
or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets conduct follow-on offering of equity securities in such overseas
markets, they shall fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC. As the Overseas
Listing Trial Measures are subject to changes and may continue to evolve, we cannot assure you that we would
not be deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. If we
are deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company but fail to complete the filing procedures with the
CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings or follow relevant reporting requirements thereunder, we may be subject
to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council. We are
currently evaluating the implications and potential impact of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and will continue to
closely monitor the interpretation and implementation of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. Due to our operations
in China and stock listings in and outside of China, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and any future PRC, U.S. or
other rules and regulations that place restrictions on capital raising could adversely affect our business and results
of operations and could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our ADSs or
ordinary shares to investors, and could cause the value of our ADSs or ordinary shares to significantly decline or
become worthless.




108    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


In February 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on
Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the “Revised Confidentiality Provisions”), which became effective as of March 31, 2023. According to
the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, Chinese companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings
and listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations on confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing,
either directly or through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities services providers. In the event such
materials contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, the Chinese companies shall first
obtain approval from authorities, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level with the
approving authority; in the event that such materials, if divulged, will jeopardize national security or public interest,
the Chinese companies shall comply with procedures stipulated by national regulations. The Chinese companies
shall also provide a written statement of the specific sensitive information provided when providing materials to
securities service providers, and such written statements shall be retained for inspection. The interpretation and
implementation of the Revised Confidentiality Provisions may continue to evolve.


In January 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission (the “NDRC”) promulgated the Administrative
Measures for Examination and Registration of Medium and Long-term Foreign Debts of Enterprises (the “Foreign
Debts Measures”), which became effective as of February 10, 2023. According to the Foreign Debts Measures,
overseas enterprises that have material business operations in Chinese mainland may be required to complete
applications for registration of foreign debts with the NDRC prior to the borrowing of foreign debts with a term
of over one year. If any of our debt financing is subject to the Foreign Debt Measures and we fail to successfully
complete such registrations or obtain approval from the NDRC in a timely manner or at all, we may need to seek
alternative, shorter-term financing, and our ability to finance strategic transactions may be limited, which could
adversely affect our business.


Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operations or our
ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, it is
highly uncertain how the legislative or administrative agencies will further interpret, modify or implement such
laws and regulations, or if they will promulgate any new laws or regulations, and their potential impact on our
daily business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S., Hong Kong,
or other stock exchanges, and our ability to incur debt. There are still substantial uncertainties as to how PRC
governmental authorities will regulate overseas listing in practice and whether we are required to obtain any specific
regulatory approvals from PRC governmental authorities for our offshore offerings. If PRC regulatory agencies later
promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals for our future offshore offerings, we
may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even
if obtained. Any such circumstance could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer
securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition,
implementation of industry-wide regulations directly targeting our operations could cause the value of our securities
to significantly decline. Therefore, investors of our company face potential uncertainty from actions taken by the
government authorities affecting our business. Any intervention by the PRC government in our operations could
undermine our business plan and cause the value of an investment in the Company to significantly decline or
become worthless.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           109
RISK FACTORS


Historically, there has been legislation implemented which put our ADSs at risk of potential delisting. The
delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your
investment.


The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (as amended, the “HFCAA”) provides that if the SEC determines
an issuer has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to
inspection by the PCAOB for two consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit that issuer’s securities
from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. Following
the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was audited by Ernst &
Young Hua Ming LLP, the SEC added us to its list of Commission-Identified Issuers identified under HFCAA.


However, as our global business expanded, we built substantial organizational capabilities outside of the PRC and
we evaluated, designed and implemented business processes and control changes which enabled us to engage
Ernst & Young LLP, located in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S., as our independent registered public accounting
firm for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting commencing for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and those thereafter. We believe that this satisfies the PCAOB inspection
requirements for the audit of our consolidated financial statements prior to the two-year deadline of the HFCAA.
Given that Ernst and Young LLP (U.S.) has served as the principal accountant to audit our consolidated financial
statements since 2022, we believe this should preclude the delisting of our ADSs from NASDAQ under HFCAA.


We may be subject to enforcement under similar legislation that may be enacted into law or executive orders that
may be adopted in the future. Although we are committed to complying with the rules and regulations applicable
to listed companies in the U.S., we are currently unable to predict the potential impact on our listing status by
any rules that may be adopted by the SEC in the future. If we failed to comply with those rules, it is possible that
our ADSs would be delisted. The risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative
impact on the price of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares.


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations,
and rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice.


A large portion of our operations are conducted in China through our Chinese subsidiaries. Our Chinese subsidiaries
are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The Chinese legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for
reference but have limited precedential value.


Furthermore, China’s legal system is still developing. The laws, rules and regulations are subject to interpretation
and enforcement by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, on account of the relatively new
implementation of certain laws, rules and regulations, the non-precedential nature of court decisions, and the
discretion such laws, rules and regulations give to the relevant regulator in enforcement, the interpretation and
enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent. In addition, the
legal system is based in part on government policies and rules which may quickly be amended from time to time
with little advance notice. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the
occurrence of the violation.




110    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


China’s Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rule came into force in January 2020. The Foreign
Investment Law and its implementing rules embody an expected regulatory trend to rationalize China’s foreign
investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the
legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. There are still uncertainties with respect to the
interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules. For example, the
Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules provide that foreign invested entities established according
to the previous laws regulating foreign investment prior to its implementation may maintain their structure and
corporate governance for a five-year transition period. It is uncertain whether governmental authorities may require
us to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our Chinese subsidiaries in such transition period.
Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to meet any of these or similar regulatory requirements could
materially affect our current corporate governance practices and business operations and our compliance costs
may increase significantly. In addition, the Security Review Rules embody China’s continued efforts to provide a
legal regime for national security review comparable to similar procedures in other jurisdictions, such as CFIUS
review in the U.S. There are still uncertainties with respect to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement
of the Security Review Rules. For example, national security remains undefined and there is no clear guidance on
whether the biotechnology industry requires security review and what factors the regulatory authority may consider
in determining whether there are security concerns. It is difficult to evaluate the impact of the Security Review Rules
on our existing investments or potential investments in China.


It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. In China, there
are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigations
initiated outside China. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, no overseas securities regulator is
allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the PRC territory, which may
increase the difficulties you face in protecting your interests. According to the Revised Confidentiality and Archives
Administration Provisions, where overseas securities regulators or relevant competent authorities request to
inspect, investigate or collect evidence from Chinese domestic companies concerning their overseas offering and
listing or their securities firms and securities service providers that undertake securities business for such Chinese
domestic companies, such inspection, investigation and evidence collection must be conducted under the cross-
border regulatory cooperation mechanism, and the CSRC or competent authorities of the Chinese government will
provide necessary assistance pursuant to bilateral and multilateral cooperation mechanism. Although the authorities
in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another
country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the securities
regulatory authorities in the U.S. may not be efficient in the absence of a mutual and practical cooperation
mechanism. For risks associated with investing in us as a Swiss company, see the risk factor titled “As we are
now a Swiss company, our shareholders have broader rights in certain aspects than they would have under Hong
Kong law, Chinese law, U.S. law, or previously applicable Cayman Islands law. While these enhanced rights offer
increased shareholder participation, our flexibility to swiftly implement certain initiatives or strategies may be limited,
and situations may arise where greater flexibility could otherwise provide meaningful benefits to our shareholders.”




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           111
RISK FACTORS


Any administrative and court proceedings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including China, may be
protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since administrative
and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it
may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection.
These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


In addition, the PRC government has announced its plans to enhance its regulatory oversight of China-based
companies listed overseas and cross-border law enforcement cooperation. The Securities Opinions called for:


•     tightening oversight of data security, cross-border data flow and administration of classified information,
      as well as amendments to relevant regulation to specify responsibilities of overseas listed China-based
      companies with respect to data security and information security;


•     enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by China-
      based companies; and


•     extraterritorial application of China’s securities laws.


There are uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Securities Opinions and the
Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The PRC government may promulgate relevant laws, rules and regulations to
impose additional and significant obligations and liabilities on overseas listed China-based companies regarding
data security, cross-border data flow, and compliance with China’s securities laws. As a company with operations
in China and stock listings in and outside of China, it is uncertain whether or how these laws, rules and regulations
and their interpretation and implementation may affect us. However, among other things, our ability to obtain
external financing through the issuance of equity securities overseas could be adversely affected if restrictions on
overseas fundraising are imposed on companies like us.




112    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Filing or other procedures with the CSRC or other Chinese regulatory authorities may be required in connection
with issuing our equity securities to foreign investors under Chinese law, and, if required, we cannot predict
whether we will be able, or how long it will take us, to complete such filing or other procedures. If we fail to
complete a filing with the CSRC, our future offering application may be impacted and we may be subject to
penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council.


Numerous regulations, guidelines and other measures have been or are expected to be adopted in China under the
umbrella of or in addition to the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law. As there are still uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and implementation of such regulatory guidance, we cannot assure investors that we will be able
to comply with new regulatory requirements relating to our future overseas capital-raising activities outside of China
and we may become subject to more stringent requirements with respect to matters including data privacy and
cross-border investigation and enforcement of legal claims.


In February 2023, the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, requiring
Chinese companies that have already directly or indirectly offered and listed securities in overseas markets to
fulfill their filing obligations and report relevant information to the CSRC within three working days after conducting
a follow-on offering of equity securities on the same overseas market. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures, the
relevant guidelines and their implementation may continue to evolve. We may have to go through this filing process
for any follow-on offerings we conduct on NASDAQ or HKEx. If we fail to complete a filing with the CSRC for any
of our follow-on offerings, we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant
departments of the State Council.


As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanction regarding
completing filing or other procedures in connection with offering our equity securities on NASDAQ or HKEx from
the CSRC or any other Chinese regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction over our operations. However, there
remains uncertainty as to the interpretation and implementation of regulatory requirements related to securities
offerings and other capital markets activities outside of China. If it is determined in the future that the filing or other
procedure with the CSRC or any other regulatory authority is required for issuing our equity securities on NASDAQ
or HKEx, it is uncertain whether we will be able to and how long it would take for us to complete the filing or other
procedure, despite our best efforts. If we, for any reason, are unable to complete, or experience significant delays in
completing, the requisite relevant filing or other procedure(s), we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other Chinese
regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China,
limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of
funds into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares.
In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate new rules requiring that we obtain their
approvals or complete filing or other procedures for any future public offerings on NASDAQ or HKEx, we may be
unable to obtain a waiver of such requirements, if and when procedures are established to obtain such a waiver.
Any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such a requirement could have a material adverse effect on
the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           113
RISK FACTORS


PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions conducted by foreign investors, which
could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions set forth additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities of PRC-based companies by foreign investors more time-
consuming and complex. See the risk factor titled “If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may
increase our capital requirements, dilute our shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities,
and subject us to other risks .” These rules, among others, specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign
investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign
investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are
subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review
by structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.
Although we believe that our business is not in an industry related to national security, we cannot preclude the
possibility that the competent PRC government authorities may publish explanations contrary to our understanding
or broaden the scope of such security reviews in the future, in which case our future acquisitions and investment
in the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be
closely scrutinized or prohibited. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the SAMR shall be notified in
advance of any concentration of undertaking if certain filing thresholds are triggered. We may grow our business in
part by acquiring complementary businesses in China. Complying with the requirements of the laws and regulations
mentioned above and other PRC regulations to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any
required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the SAMR, may delay or inhibit our ability to
complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market
share. Our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would
as such be materially and adversely affected.


In January 2021, the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures promulgated by the NDRC and the MOFCOM
came into effect. Pursuant to these measures investments in military, national defense-related areas or in locations
in proximity to military facilities, or investments that would result in acquiring the actual control of assets in certain
key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure,
transport, cultural products and services, IT, Internet products and services, financial services and technology
sectors, are required to be approved by designated governmental authorities in advance. Official guidance for these
measures has not been issued by the designated office in charge of such security review yet, therefore there are
great uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Security Review
Measures, including the scope of key sectors. If any of our business operations were to fall under the foregoing
categories, we would need to take further actions in order to comply with these laws, regulations and rules, which
may materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results of
operations.




114    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.


We are a holding company incorporated in Switzerland, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on
equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay
dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur. If any of our PRC
subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability
to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries may
pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside at least 10% of its
accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount
of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed to us as dividends until
the liquidation of the enterprise. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate a portion of its
after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus
fund. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the
PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31, 2025, these restricted
assets totaled US$2.0 billion.


Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.


In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar, the
People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”) promulgated a
series of measures relating to oversight of capital flow in 2016, including stricter vetting procedures for domestic
companies to remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments and shareholder loan
repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its oversight of capital flow, and more regulations
and substantial vetting process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions. Any limitation on
the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us could materially and
adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay
dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          115
RISK FACTORS


The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced
income of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC
resident enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign
investor’s jurisdiction of tax residency has a tax treaty with China that provides for a reduced withholding rate
arrangement and such non-PRC resident enterprises constitute the beneficiary of such income.


Pursuant to an arrangement between mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Hong
Kong Tax Treaty”) and relevant tax regulations of the PRC, subject to certain conditions, a reduced withholding tax
rate of 5% will be available for dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient holds at least 25% shares of
the PRC entities and can demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the beneficial owner of the dividends.
The China government has adopted multiple regulations which stipulate that in determining whether a non-resident
enterprise has the status as a beneficial owner, comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors
listed therein and the actual circumstances of the specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it
expressly excludes an agent or a designated payee from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” We own the
PRC subsidiaries through BeOne Medicines (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (“BeOne HK”), a company incorporated
under the laws of Hong Kong on November 22, 2010 and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. BeOne HK
currently does not hold a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong,
and there is no assurance that the reduced withholding tax rate will be available.


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.


Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management bodies”
as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production and
operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, PRC regulations specify that
certain Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws
of foreign countries or territories and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling
shareholders, will be classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii)
financial and personnel decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes
of board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having
voting rights.




116     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


Although BeOne Medicines Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling
shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of these
regulations, in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the
regulations to evaluate the tax residence status of BeOne Medicines Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of
the PRC.


We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any
of our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise. However, the tax resident status
of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to
the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Swiss
holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC
tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide
taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. If we are deemed a PRC resident
enterprise, dividends paid on our shares and any gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares may be
treated as income derived from sources within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident enterprise
ADS holders or shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the case of non-
PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS holders or
shareholders from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10% (or 20%
in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders), which may be reduced or exempted according to
relevant tax treaties between PRC and the non-PRC resident enterprise/individual ADS holders’ or shareholders’
tax resident jurisdictions.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT         117
RISK FACTORS


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.


Pursuant to Chinese regulations, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC
resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC
taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial
purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value
of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of
the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly
derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable
assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration
of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction by direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar
arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to
be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred
and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer
relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place
of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to
available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable
tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public
stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax where such shares were acquired in a transaction
through a public stock exchange. As such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange will
not be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs originally purchased
from a stock exchange by a non-PRC resident enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC
enterprise income tax under these regulations.


There are uncertainties as to the application of these regulations, which may be determined by the tax authorities
to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are
involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation,
while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises
and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with these regulations or to establish
that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these regulations, for our previous and future
restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.


The PRC tax authorities have the discretion to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the
difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under these regulations, our income tax
costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.




118    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Regulations on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.


The PRC government exerts oversight on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB, any existing and future regulations on
currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities outside
of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange
transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with,
SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain
foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries.


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-resident beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.


We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of equity
incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the PRC regulations, according to which, employees, directors,
supervisors and other management members participating in any share incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed
company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a domestic qualified
agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures.
We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our
directors and employees under PRC law. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration
requirements could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          119
RISK FACTORS


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates.


A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new medicines. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China for
pharmaceutical companies has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe
our strategies regarding research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are aligned with
the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies. Any such
change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the successful
research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or medicines in China and
reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing medicines in China.


Chinese authorities have become increasingly active in enforcing laws affecting the pharmaceutical industry.
Specifically, Chinese authorities have recently increased anti-bribery efforts to address improper payments and
other benefits received by physicians, staff and hospital administrators in connection with the sales, marketing and
purchase of pharmaceutical products. Any failure by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws
and regulations or obtain and maintain required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or termination
of our business activities in China. Reports of what have come to be viewed as significant quality-control failures
by Chinese vaccine manufacturers have led to enforcement actions against officials responsible for implementing
national reforms favorable to innovative drugs (such as ours). This macro-industry event could cause state or private
resources to be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory enforcement, which
could adversely affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities and increase our
compliance costs.




120    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares


The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
substantial losses to you.


The trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile and fluctuate widely in response
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: announcements of regulatory approval or
a complete response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in
the regulatory review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions, strategic
relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by regulatory
agencies with respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; any adverse
changes to our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical trials; the results of
our efforts to acquire or license additional medicines or drug candidates; variations in the level of expenses related
to our existing medicines and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and commercialization programs;
any intellectual property infringement actions in which we may become involved; announcements concerning our
competitors or the pharmaceutical industry in general; the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other
companies with significant business operations in China that have listed their securities in Hong Kong, Shanghai or
the U.S.; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing expenses and profitability; manufacture, supply or
distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations; announcements about our results of operations that
are not in line with analyst or investor expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give
guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties, including government
statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or financial analysts; changes in financial estimates
by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true, about our business, our competitors or our
industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations of exchange rates between the RMB, the U.S.
dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our outstanding ordinary
shares, ADSs or RMB Shares; sales or perceived potential sales of additional ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares
by us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders; general economic and market conditions and overall
fluctuations in the U.S., Hong Kong or Shanghai equity markets; changes in accounting principles; trade disputes
or U.S.-China government relations; and changes or developments in the U.S., PRC, the EU or global regulatory
environment.


In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares, regardless of our actual operating performance.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           121
RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of capital markets in the U.S., Hong Kong and Shanghai are different, which may cause
volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares.


Our ordinary shares are listed on the HKEx in Hong Kong under the stock code “06160”, our ADSs are listed on
NASDAQ in the U.S. under the symbol “ONC”, and our RMB Shares are listed on the STAR Market in the PRC
under the stock code “688235”. Under current PRC laws and regulations, our ADSs and ordinary shares listed on
NASDAQ and the HKEx are not interchangeable or fungible with the RMB Shares listed on the STAR Market, and
there is no trading or settlement between either NASDAQ or the HKEx on the one hand, and the STAR Market on
the other hand. The three markets have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume
and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional
participation). As a result of these major differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB
Shares might not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due
to circumstances peculiar to its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary
shares and/or RMB Shares, and vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S., Hong Kong and
Shanghai equity markets, the historic market prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares may not be
indicative of the performance of our securities going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.


Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to
an increased incidence of securities class action litigation, particularly in our industry in recent years. We may
be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs
and/or reputational harm and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely
determined, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares in the public market could cause the ordinary
share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to fall.


The price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
the ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at
a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.


As of February 13, 2026, 1,442,259,810 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
714,971,127 ordinary shares were held in the form of 54,997,779 ADSs, each representing 13 ordinary shares, and
115,055,260 were RMB Shares.




122    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders on May 9, 2023, as
amended by the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed with the SEC on May 27, 2025, registering 183,209,748
ordinary shares, including 128,104,537 ordinary shares in the form of 9,854,195 ADSs to be resold by the selling
shareholders identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to time. Amgen also has
specified registration rights pursuant to its share purchase agreement. Furthermore, we have registered or plan
to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may issue in the future under our equity
compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share units and under
our employee share purchase plan. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold,
in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares could decline.


In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs, RMB Shares, or other equity or debt
securities convertible into ordinary shares, ADSs, or RMB Shares in connection with a financing, acquisition,
license, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial
dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause the ordinary share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to decline.


The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may adversely affect the liquidity and value of
our ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares and lead to increased compliance obligations and costs.


Our ADSs are traded on NASDAQ, our ordinary shares maintained on our Swiss share register in Switzerland and
Hong Kong share register in Hong Kong, are traded on the HKEx, and our RMB Shares are traded on the STAR
Market. The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may dilute the liquidity of these securities
in one or all three markets and may adversely affect the maintenance of an active trading market for ADSs in
the U.S., the ordinary shares in Hong Kong, and/or the RMB Shares in the PRC. The price of our ADSs, ordinary
shares and/or RMB Shares could also be adversely affected by trading of our securities on other markets. We may
decide at some point in the future to delist our securities from one or more of the stock exchanges where they are
currently traded, subject to our shareholders’ approval if required. We cannot predict the effect such delisting of
our securities from one or more of the stock exchanges would have on the market price of our securities on the
other stock exchanges. Additionally, the listing and trading of our equity securities in multiple jurisdictions and
multiple markets have resulted in increased compliance obligations and costs for us, and we may face the risk of
significant intervention by regulatory authorities in these jurisdictions and markets, such as inquiries, investigations,
enforcement actions and other regulatory proceedings by regulatory authorities. In addition, we may be subject
to securities litigation filed with the courts in China by investors with respect to RMB Shares traded on the STAR
Market.


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares for return on your investment.


We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares as a source for any future dividend
income.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           123
RISK FACTORS


Any future distribution of dividends will be subject to approval by shareholders at a general meeting based on
a proposal by the board of directors in accordance with Swiss law. The proposal by the board of directors to
shareholders to approve a declaration of a dividend will depend, among other things, upon then existing conditions,
including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual and other relevant legal or regulatory restrictions,
capital requirements, business prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.


Even if our board of directors decides to propose to shareholders to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount
and form of future dividends, if any, will depend, among other things, on our future results of operations and cash
flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries,
our financial condition, contractual and regulatory restrictions, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of
directors. In addition, payment of future dividends, if any, is subject to certain limitations pursuant to Swiss law or
by our Swiss articles of association (as may be amended from time to time) (the “Swiss Articles”). Accordingly, the
return on your investment in our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares will likely depend entirely upon any
future price appreciation of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. There is no guarantee that our ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased our
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. You may not realize a return on your investment in our ordinary shares,
ADSs and/or RMB Shares and you may even lose your entire investment in our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares and trading
volume could decline.


The trading market for our ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do
not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares would likely decline. Historically, we are aware of instances
in which analysts have published inaccurate research about our business. If one or more of these analysts cease
coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares to
decline significantly.


As we are now a Swiss company, our shareholders have broader rights in certain aspects than they would
have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law, U.S. law, or previously applicable Cayman Islands law. While these
enhanced rights offer increased shareholder participation, our flexibility to swiftly implement certain initiatives or
strategies may be limited, and situations may arise where greater flexibility could otherwise provide meaningful
benefits to our shareholders.


We are now a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft ) organized under Swiss law. Our corporate affairs are governed by
Swiss Articles, our organizational regulations (as may be amended from time to time), and the laws of Switzerland,
in particular the Swiss Code of Obligations (Obligationenrecht ).




124     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Under Swiss law, shareholder rights are broader than those under Cayman Islands law previously applicable
to us before the Continuation. Swiss law reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over
which a board of directors would have authority in some other jurisdictions. For example, shareholder approval is
required for all dividend distributions, subject to the Company having sufficient distributable reserves. The board of
directors cannot unilaterally declare dividends, unlike under Hong Kong, Delaware, or Cayman Islands law, which
give the board of directors discretion to directly declare dividends, providing more flexibility. Actions for which
our shareholders must vote will require that we file a proxy statement with the SEC and convene a shareholders’
meeting that could delay the timing to execute such actions.


Furthermore, under Swiss law, a staggered or classified board is not permitted and all directors are elected
or re-elected annually, which could increase board turnover and potentially reduce continuity and stability in
management. Under Hong Kong, Delaware, and Cayman Islands law, staggered boards are allowed, which may
provide greater stability. These and other Swiss law requirements could limit our flexibility to swiftly implement
certain initiatives or strategies that could otherwise provide meaningful benefits to our shareholders.


As we are a Swiss company, our shareholders may face difficulties in enforcing their interests.


As we are a Swiss company, our shareholders may not have standing to initiate a derivative action in a Hong
Kong, mainland China, or U.S. federal court. As a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to protect their
interests if they are harmed in a manner that would otherwise enable them to sue in a Hong Kong, mainland China,
or U.S. federal court.


Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the U.S. and a substantial portion
of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for
shareholders to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the U.S. in the event
that shareholders believe that their rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the U.S.
or otherwise. In addition, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of China. To the extent our
directors and executive officers reside outside of China or their assets are located outside of China, it may not
be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management domiciled in China. Even if
shareholders are successful in bringing an action, the laws of Switzerland and China may render them unable to
enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. Swiss courts may recognize
judgments obtained in the U.S., Hong Kong, or mainland China under certain conditions, but may not fully enforce
punitive damages awarded.


The enforceability in Switzerland of a foreign judgment rendered against the Company or our directors and
officers is subject to applicable international treaties by which Switzerland is bound and the Swiss Federal Private
International Law Act. A foreign judgment may only be enforced in Switzerland if the foreign court had jurisdiction,
such judgment became final and non-appealable, the court procedures leading to such judgment following the due
process of law (including proper service of process), and such judgment does not violate Swiss legal principles
of public policy. We have been advised that the U.S. and Switzerland currently do not have a treaty providing for
reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Some remedies available
under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including under U.S. federal securities laws, may not be recognized in Swiss
courts as they are contrary to Swiss public policy.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          125
RISK FACTORS


In view of the above, our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests regarding actions taken by
management or members of the board of directors, compared to shareholders of a Hong Kong company, a Chinese
company, or a U.S. company.


Voting rights of our ADS holders are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for the ADSs
will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares underlying our ADS holders’ ADSs if they do not
vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect their interests.


Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs only
in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from ADS holders
in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote the holder’s
underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under the Swiss Articles, the minimum notice
period required for convening an annual general meeting or an extraordinary general meeting is 21 calendar days.
When a general meeting is convened, ADS holders may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to
permit them to withdraw their ordinary shares to allow them to cast their vote with respect to any specific matter at
the meeting. In addition, the depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to ADS holders
or carry out their voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make reasonable efforts to cause the depositary
to extend voting rights to our ADS holders in a timely manner, but our ADS holders may not receive the voting
materials in time to ensure that they can vote or instruct their agent to vote their shares.


Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, ADS holders may not
be able to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs are
not voted as they requested.


Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying ADS holders’ ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if such holders do not give voting instructions
to the depositary, unless we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related
voting materials, we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given, we have
informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the meeting, or a matter
to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if ADS holders fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, they
cannot prevent the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above,
and it may make it more difficult for such ADS holders to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares
are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.


Our Swiss Articles include provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of our Company, which
could discourage third parties from seeking to obtain control in a tender offer or similar transaction, which may
deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to sell their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices.




126    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


For example, in new share issuances, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our
shareholders, to limit or withdraw subscription rights of existing shareholders and allocate such rights to third
parties, the Company, or its group companies for various reasons, including raising equity capital quickly, acquiring
enterprises or products, expanding the shareholder base, or defending against a takeover bid.


Further, our Swiss Articles require a majority of all shares entitled to vote at the relevant general meeting of
shareholders to pass resolutions on the removal of board members during their one-year term of office. This
threshold makes it difficult for a potential acquirer to remove existing directors during their one-year term and
replace them with their own nominees.


Our Swiss Articles designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain disputes initiated by our
shareholders, which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us,
our directors, officers, or other employees.


Our Swiss Articles provide that our place of incorporation in Basel, Switzerland will be the exclusive forum for any
disputes arising under, out of, in connection with, or related to the corporate relationship. As a result, any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of us asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director
or officer of us to the Company and our shareholders, can only be brought in the courts of Basel, Switzerland. Our
Swiss Articles further state that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal
district courts of the U.S. shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of
action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and provide that any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities is bound by these provisions; provided,
however, that shareholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with U.S. federal
securities laws and rules and regulations thereunder.


These provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits.


Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.


ADSs are transferable only on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer
or register transfers of ADSs when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or
the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law, under any provision of the deposit
agreement or for any other reason, subject to ADS holders’ right to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying
ordinary shares. Temporary delays in the cancellation of ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares
may arise because the depositary has closed its books or we have closed our books, the transfer of ordinary shares
is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.


In addition, holders of ADSs may not be able to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares
when they owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order
to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or
other deposited securities.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           127
RISK FACTORS


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions of
securities other than ADSs, registration of ADS transfers, conversion of ADSs of one series for ADSs of another
series, and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The Depository Trust Company
(“DTC”), the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable beneficial owner in
accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.


Dealings in ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to Hong Kong
stamp duty. There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
the ADSs.


In connection with our Hong Kong public offering in 2018, we established a branch register of members in Hong
Kong (the “Hong Kong share register”). Our ordinary shares that are traded on the HKEx, including those that may
be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these ordinary shares
on the HKEx are subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS to ordinary share conversion and trading
between NASDAQ and the HKEx, we moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share register
to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects a sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.2% of the greater of the consideration for, or the
value of, shares transferred, with 0.1% payable by each of the buyer and the seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or conversion
of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the U.S. and Hong Kong and that have maintained all or a portion of
their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers. However, it is
unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies
constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is
determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of the ADSs, the trading price and the
value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




128     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Holders of ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available.


The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to distribute to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or
the custodian for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees
and expenses. ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that
their ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making such distributions if it is unlawful or
impractical. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities
that require registration under the Securities Act, but that are not registered or distributed pursuant to an exemption
from registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to holders of ADSs if any
government approval or registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made
by the depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary
shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that holders of ADSs may not receive the
distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them.
These restrictions may materially reduce the value of our ADSs.


Holders of ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings.


From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares and deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares.


Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 37% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 13, 2026. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares, ADSs,
and/or RMB Shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition,
these persons could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          129
RISK FACTORS


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.


A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (a “PFIC”) for any taxable year
if either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of the
average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the composition of our income and assets, we believe that we were not a PFIC for the taxable year
ended December 31, 2025. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect to
each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, including our use of
proceeds from any equity offerings, and the value of our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to
the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares, which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we
may be a PFIC in any taxable year. The determination of whether we will be or become a PFIC may also depend,
in part, on how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets and the cash raised in equity offerings. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased U.S. income tax on gain recognized on the sale or
other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or ADSs
to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the U.S. federal income tax rules. In
addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.


Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we generally will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.




130    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.


Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation” (“CFC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income for
U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income” and
investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each Ten
Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,” which
is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for U.S.
federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is
not entirely certain.


Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in the future. Holders are
urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the consequences thereof.


Risks Related to Our Continuation to Switzerland


Your rights as a shareholder changed following the Continuation.


Effective May 27, 2025, we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland
through a transaction known as a continuation under Section 206 of the Companies Act (as amended) of the
Cayman Islands and Article 161 of the Swiss Federal Act on Private International Law (such transaction, the
“Continuation”). Because of differences in Swiss law and Cayman Islands law and certain changes that were made
to our governing documents in connection with the Continuation, your rights as a shareholder have changed. For
a description of these differences, see “Proposal No. 1: Approval of the Continuation – Comparison of Shareholder
Rights” in the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement/Circular filed with the HKEx on
March 10, 2025.


As a Swiss corporation, our flexibility will be limited with respect to certain aspects of capital management.


Swiss law regulates a corporation’s ability to hold, purchase or repurchase its own shares. We and our subsidiaries
may only purchase or repurchase our own shares (the “treasury shares”) to the extent that sufficient freely available
equity is available. The aggregate par value of the treasury shares may not exceed 10% of our stated share
capital, unless our shareholders authorize (including through the capital band) our board of directors to purchase
or repurchase our registered shares in an amount in excess of 10% and the treasury shares are dedicated for
cancellation to effect a capital reduction.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          131
RISK FACTORS


Swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize the board of directors to issue shares without additional shareholder
approval, but this authorization is limited to (i) 50% of our stated share capital (among other things, for the issuance
of shares in connection with an acquisition or to raise new equity capital, subject to compliance with shareholders’
preemptive rights, unless withdrawn for the reasons specified in the Swiss Articles) (the “capital band”), and (ii)
an additional 20% of our stated share capital for the issuance of shares in connection with convertible or similar
financial instruments and our equity incentive plans (the “conditional share capital”). The authority of the board
of directors to issue shares based on the capital band must be renewed by our shareholders every five years.
The Swiss Articles provide for a capital band authorizing the board of directors to issue or increase the nominal
value of up to 770,487,949 shares or to cancel or reduce the nominal value of up to 154,097,590 shares up until
April 28, 2029. After April 28, 2029, the capital band will only be available to the board of directors for issuance or
cancellation of registered shares if a renewed authorization is approved by shareholders.


Additionally, Swiss law grants existing shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe for newly issued shares and
advance subscription rights to subscribe for convertible and similar financial instruments. Preemptive rights and
advance subscription rights may be limited or withdrawn only for valid reasons. In connection with share issuances
based on the capital band and the conditional share capital, the preemptive rights and the advance subscription
rights may only be limited or withdrawn for the reasons specified in the Swiss Articles.


In comparison to Cayman Islands law, Swiss law does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can
attach to different classes of shares. Further, Swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate
actions, including the declaration and approval of dividends under certain circumstances. While we do not believe
that the differences between Cayman Islands law and Swiss law relating to our capital management will have
an adverse effect on our company, Swiss law requirements may limit our flexibility to swiftly implement certain
initiatives or strategies and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to
our shareholders.


The Continuation has resulted in and may continue to result in additional direct and indirect costs.


The Continuation has resulted in and may continue to result in additional direct costs. Following the Continuation,
we expect to hold a large portion of meetings of our board of directors, management strategy meetings as well as
our annual general meetings in Basel. We also plan to continue expanding our physical presence in Switzerland.
With that, we will further strengthen our presence in Switzerland. We will incur additional costs and expenses,
primarily Swiss tax and professional fees, to comply with Swiss corporate and tax laws. We may continue
to experience indirect costs if management and employees’ attention is diverted from our business or if the
administrative complexity associated with the new structure leads to increased administrative costs and expenses.




132    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If you fail to make a required tax filing, the Continuation could result in adverse tax consequences for you.


Depending on your circumstances, you may be required to make a filing with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or
your respective tax authority, as a result of the change of our place of incorporation. Failure to make this filing on
a timely basis could result in your owing taxes because of the Continuation, even though you will not have realized
any income or liquidity as a result of the Continuation. For a more detailed description of the tax consequences
associated with the Continuation, see “Proposal No. 1: Approval of the Continuation – Material Tax Considerations
– United States Tax Considerations” in the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement/Circular
filed with the HKEx on March 10, 2025.


You may be subject to Swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.


Under current Swiss law, distributions made out of capital contribution reserves recognized by the Swiss Federal
Tax Administration or made in the form of a par value reduction are not subject to Swiss withholding tax. We had
qualifying capital contribution reserves in the amount of approximately US$11-12 billion available for distribution not
subject to Swiss withholding tax as of the effective date of the Continuation. However, there can be no assurances
that the Swiss withholding rules will not change in the future or that shareholders will approve a distribution out of
qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. Further, over the long
term, the amount of qualifying contribution reserves available may be limited. If we are unable to make a distribution
out of qualifying capital contribution reserves, then any dividends paid will generally be subject to a Swiss
withholding tax at a rate of 35%. The withholding amount tax must be withheld from the gross dividend distribution
and paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. A U.S. holder that qualifies for benefits under the Convention
between the U.S. and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on
Income, (the “U.S.-Swiss Treaty”) may apply for a refund of the tax amount withheld in excess of the U.S.-Swiss
Treaty 15% rate (or for a full refund in the case of qualified pension funds, or a refund in excess of the 5% U.S.-Swiss
Treaty rate if you are a corporate shareholder that directly holds at least 10% of our share capital). A shareholder
domiciled in China that qualifies for benefits under the Agreement between the Government of the People’s
Republic of China and the Swiss Federal Council for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on
Income and on Capital (the “PRC-Swiss Treaty”) may apply for a refund of the tax amount withheld in excess of the
10% or 5% PRC-Swiss Treaty rate (as applicable). A Hong Kong shareholder that qualifies for benefits under the
Agreement between the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of
China and the Swiss Federal Council for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income (the
“Hong Kong-Swiss Treaty”) may apply for a refund of the tax amount withheld in excess of the 10% Hong Kong-
Swiss Treaty rate (or a full refund in the case of specific qualified persons, including a pension fund or a corporate
shareholder that directly holds at least 10% our share capital). Subject to applicable laws and regulations, this may
also apply to other shareholders entitled to a dividend withholding tax rate lower than the Swiss withholding tax rate
under tax treaties between the shareholders’ own tax residency jurisdictions and Switzerland. Switzerland currently
has concluded more than 100 tax treaties with the same treatment regarding the refund of Swiss withholding taxes.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          133
RISK FACTORS


Under current Swiss law, share repurchases for capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35%
Swiss withholding tax on the difference between the par value plus qualifying capital contributions reserves and the
repurchase price, irrespective of the shareholder’s tax residency. Share repurchases for purposes other than capital
reduction, such as for retention as treasury shares for use in connection with equity incentive plans, convertible
debt, similar instruments or acquisitions, will not be subject to the 35% Swiss withholding tax, irrespective of the tax
residency of the shareholder, provided the total treasury shares do not exceed 10% or 20% (as applicable) of the
share capital. Any portion of the share repurchase price attributable to par value or qualifying capital contribution
reserves recognized by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration will not be subject to the 35% Swiss withholding
tax. See “Proposal No. 1: Approval of the Continuation – Material Tax Considerations – Taxation of Shareholders
Subsequent to the Continuation – Swiss Taxation” in the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders Proxy
Statement/Circular filed with the HKEx on March 10, 2025.




134    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                          FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                         2021           2022            2023           2024            2025
                                                     US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


Operating results
Product revenue, net                                  633,987      1,254,612      2,189,852       3,779,546      5,282,061
Other revenue                                         542,296        161,309        268,927          30,695         60,972
Total revenues                                      1,176,283      1,415,921      2,458,779       3,810,241      5,343,033
Gross profit                                        1,011,377      1,129,446      2,078,859       3,216,152      4,674,493
Income (loss) before income taxes                  (1,438,588)    (1,961,037)       (825,836)      (533,001)       416,854
Net income (loss)                                  (1,457,816)    (2,003,815)       (881,708)      (644,786)       286,933
Net income (loss) attributable to
  BeOne Medicines Ltd.                             (1,457,816)    (2,003,815)       (881,708)      (644,786)       286,933


Profitability
Gross margin                                             86%             80%            85%            84%             87%
Net income (loss) margin                               (124)%         (142)%           (36)%          (17)%             5%


                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                         2021           2022            2023           2024            2025
                                                     US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000        US$’000


Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash          4,382,887      3,875,037      3,185,984       2,638,747      4,609,647
Short-term investments                              2,241,962        665,251           2,600               –               –
Working capital                                     6,014,325      3,738,550      2,393,301       1,776,694      4,404,759
Total assets                                        8,535,525      6,379,290      5,805,275       5,920,910      8,188,573
Total liabilities                                   2,402,962      1,995,935      2,267,948       2,588,688      3,827,379
Total equity                                        6,132,563      4,383,355      3,537,327       3,332,222      4,361,194

Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which were
filed with SEC.




                                                   BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            135
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together
with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report. In
addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or
contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this report, including those set forth under “Risk Factors”
and under “Forward-Looking Statements” in this annual report.


NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES


We provide certain financial measures that are not defined under GAAP, commonly referred to as non-GAAP
financial measures, including Adjusted Operating Expenses, Adjusted Income (Loss) from Operations, Adjusted Net
Income (Loss), Adjusted Earnings Per Share, Free Cash Flow and certain other non-GAAP measures, each of which
include adjustments to GAAP figures. These non-GAAP measures are intended to provide additional information
on our operating performance. Adjustments to our GAAP figures exclude, as applicable, non-cash items such as
share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Certain other special items or substantive events may
also be included in the non-GAAP adjustments periodically when their magnitude is significant within the periods
incurred. Non-GAAP adjustments are tax effected to the extent there is US GAAP current tax effect. The Company
currently records a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets, so there is no net impact recorded for
deferred tax effects in our tax expense. We maintain an established non-GAAP policy that guides the determination
of what items may be excluded in non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP measures, when
considered together with the GAAP figures, can enhance an overall understanding of our operating performance.
The non-GAAP financial measures are included with the intent of providing investors with a more complete
understanding of our historical and expected financial results and trends and to facilitate comparisons between
periods and with respect to projected information. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are among the
indicators BeOne’s management uses for planning and forecasting purposes and measuring our performance.
These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to,
GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures used by BeOne may be calculated differently from,
and therefore may not be comparable to, non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.




136    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OVERVIEW


Our full year results show topline growth and a strong liquidity position to support ongoing operations and strategic
priorities. BRUKINSA is the global revenue leader in the BTK inhibitor class and TEVIMBRA continues to gain new
indications and expanded reimbursement in multiple markets. Our late-stage hematology assets are approaching
commercialization and our solid tumor portfolio continues to deliver encouraging data.


Key highlights for the full year 2025 are as follows:


•    Total global revenues of US$5.3 billion in the full year, increases of 40.2%, compared to the prior year;


•    Global BRUKINSA revenues of US$3.9 billion for the full year 2025, increases of 48.6%, compared to the prior
     year; and


•    GAAP diluted earnings per American Depositary Share (“ADS”) of US$2.53 for the full year, non-GAAP diluted
     earnings per ADS of US$8.09 for the full year.


Recent Business Developments


On December 7, 2025, we announced new data on sonrotoclax, a next-generation investigational BCL2 inhibitor,
demonstrating meaningful clinical benefit as monotherapy and in combination across B-cell malignancies, and
in January 2026, we received the first approval of sonrotoclax for adult patients with relapsed/refractory (“R/R”)
mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”) and R/R chronic lymphocytic leukemia (“CLL”)/small lymphocytic lymphoma (“SLL”).


On November 26, 2025, we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) accepted and granted
Priority Review to a New Drug Application (“NDA”) for sonrotoclax for the treatment of adult patients with R/R MCL,
following treatment with a Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (“BTK”) inhibitor.


On November 17, 2025, we announced positive top-line results from the Phase 3 HERIZON-GEA-01 trial evaluating
ZIIHERA® (zanidatamab), a HER2-targeted bispecific antibody, in combination with chemotherapy, with or without
PD-1 inhibitor TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab), as first-line treatment for HER2-positive (“HER2+”) locally advanced
or metastatic gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma (“GEA”), including cancers of the stomach, gastroesophageal
junction, and esophagus.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          137
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On November 13, 2025, we entered into the Facilities Agreement (the “Facilities Agreement”) with The Hongkong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”) and certain financial institutions listed in the Facilities
Agreement as lenders. The Facilities Agreement provides senior secured financing consisting of a U.S. dollar-
denominated, B1 revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of US$140 million (the “B1 Revolving Loan
Facility”), a U.S. dollar-denominated, B2 term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of US$560 million (the
“B2 Term Loan Facility” and, together with the B1 Revolving Loan Facility, the “B Loan Facilities”); and a Renminbi-
denominated, A term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of approximately US$300 million (the “A Loan
Facility”) (collectively, the “Loan Facilities”). The A Loan Facility matures 36 months after the first utilization date
of such facility and, unless extended, the B Loan Facilities mature 24 months after the first utilization date of a B
Loan Facility. Subject to certain limitations, the Loan Facilities are secured on a first priority basis granted in favor
of HSBC by a security interest in the equity interests of a number of our subsidiaries and security interests in, and
mortgage on, our manufacturing and clinical R&D facility in New Jersey. The Facilities Agreement contains certain
affirmative and negative covenants, as well as financing covenants applicable to the Loan Facilities. The A Loan
Facility is subject to an interest rate equal to the Reference Rate (RMB) (as defined in the Facilities Agreement) plus
a margin of 0.65% per annum. The B Loan Facilities are subject to an interest rate equal to the Reference Rate (USD)
(as defined in the Facilities Agreement) plus a margin of 2.40% per annum. Subsequently, on December 16, 2025,
we utilized a portion of the proceeds from borrowings under the Facilities Agreement to repay in full all outstanding
amounts owed under the Company’s Facility Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2024, by and between the
Company and China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “CMB Credit Facility”), and terminated all commitments by the
lender to extend further credit under the CMB Credit Facility and all guarantees and security interests granted by
the Company to the lender under the CMB Credit Facility.


On August 25, 2025, BeOne Medicines Ltd. entered into a Royalty Purchase Agreement (the “Royalty Agreement”)
with Royalty Pharma plc (“Royalty Pharma”), pursuant to which we agreed to sell a significant portion of our rights
to royalty payments from Amgen based on annual net revenue from sales outside of China of any and all products
that consist of Amgen’s IMDELLTRA®. Under the terms of the Royalty Agreement, we received a non-refundable
upfront payment of US$885 million upon the closing of the Royalty Agreement, and subsequently exercised our
option to sell to Royalty Pharma an additional portion of our rights to royalty payments for approximately US$26
million. We will share in a portion of the royalties on annual ex-China net revenue from IMDELLTRA® above US$1.5
billion, and will maintain royalty and all other rights to other assets under the terms of the existing collaboration
with Amgen, including xaluritamig, a first-in-class STEAP1 x CD3 XmAb currently being studied in patients with
metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC). The upfront payment received from Royalty Pharma is
classified as a financing liability according to ASC 470, Debt. The repayment of this obligation to Royalty Pharma
will be made upon the receipt of royalties from Amgen throughout the royalty period, which is anticipated to extend
at least through 2041.




138    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to address challenges in the
pharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients
around the world. Our global development “superhighway” was uniquely built to address an increasingly challenged
industry and improve R&D returns.


We have built a substantial global clinical team of approximately 3,800 people on six continents, allowing us to
run clinical trials largely without reliance on CROs. We believe independence from traditional CRO models allows
us to execute more cost-efficient development and achieve faster time to clinical proof-of-concept. It also allows
us to expand the reach of our clinical sites, which supports diverse participation and the collection of robust data
across all patient demographics. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is an
important strategic competitive advantage and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical industry.


We have built a highly productive and cost-effective oncology research team with 1,200+ scientists, allowing us
to drive serial innovation to enable sustained market leadership. Our efforts have been validated by commercial
approvals, clinical data, and collaborations that have secured US$1.5 billion in collaboration payments to our
company. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis, which has resulted in
multiple commercially approved medicines and a pipeline of wholly-owned assets with potential for combinations
and depth in key tumor types. We have invested in diverse technology platforms to pursue innovation, including
small molecules, CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, and ADCs allowing us
access to diverse modalities and to advance science with urgency and agility. Our CDAC platform, in particular,
offers a differentiated approach from small molecules with its catalytic activity, higher barrier to resistance, and
scaffold function disruption. We have more than 20 CDAC and degrader-antibody conjugate programs progressing
through our discovery, investigational new drug (“IND”) and clinical development stages. Our research and
innovation capabilities are optimized for discovering high-quality and impactful medicines for patients in a highly
productive and cost-effective way.


We have built a strong commercial portfolio, with BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA® driving global revenue.


Expanding our Foundational Hematology Franchise

Our hematology franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which is supported by a broad clinical program with over 7,900
patients enrolled in more than 30 countries and regions across more than 45 trials. We continue to broaden
our leadership in hematology, utilizing BRUKINSA as our foundational asset. We are focused on lifecycle
management to build a sustainable hematology franchise maximizing value for our company, shareholders and
patients globally. BRUKINSA has allowed us to build a strong franchise in hematology-oncology and we plan to
expand our leadership in CLL with our wholly-owned, emerging best-in-class hematology pipeline consisting of
sonrotoclax and our BTK-CDAC, while amplifying our impact in other B-cell malignancies. We are the only company
offering potentially best-in-class, foundational medicines across the three key mechanisms of action in CLL, with
BRUKINSA, sonrotoclax and our BTK-CDAC. These assets show promise to offer best-in-disease combinations,
and we have comprehensive registrational programs to address patient need in both the treatment naïve and
relapsed settings, and with continuous use or fixed duration regimens.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          139
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Expanding Access to our PD-1 Inhibitor for Patients Worldwide and Building Global Commercial Capabilities
to Support our Prolific Pipeline

Our solid tumor franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, TEVIMBRA, which is currently approved
in the U.S., EU, China and other countries. We intend to expand TEVIMBRA’s global footprint through ongoing
submissions and approvals, including submissions based on the HERIZON-GEA-01 trial. We are also developing
a hyaluronidase-free, high-concentration subcutaneous formulation of TEVIMBRA which we believe will be
competitive in global markets. With TEVIMBRA and the potentially best-in-class solid tumor pipeline assets, we are
well-positioned to build our solid tumor business and deliver innovative therapies and combinations to patients.


We have a global commercial organization to deliver medicines to patients around the globe. We have
established commercial capabilities in key large commercial markets of the U.S., EU and China, and continue our
rapid expansion of capabilities into the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions, driving the delivery
of highly effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe. This has enabled a geographically
diversified revenue mix and a truly global business.


Our business model is sustainable and results in a strong global financial profile. We believe we are financially
well-positioned with cash and cash equivalents of US$4.5 billion and debt of US$1.0 billion as of December 31,
2025. Our product revenue has grown 39.8% since 2024 from our current portfolio and cornerstone assets, which
we expect to grow significantly in 2026 and beyond. We achieved GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income
for the first time in fiscal year 2025. We generated net cash provided by operating activities of US$1.1 billion and
positive free cash flow in 2025. We will continue to be thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and
consistent with previous collaborations, we will actively explore partnerships that strengthen our business. We are
committed to generating long-term value for our shareholders.




140    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Results of Operations


Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,               Change
                                                               2025           2024                             %
                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)
Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                    5,282,061     3,779,546      1,502,515           39.8%
  Other revenue                                              60,972        30,695         30,277           98.6%


Total revenues                                            5,343,033     3,810,241      1,532,792           40.2%


Cost of sales – product                                     668,540       594,089         74,451           12.5%


Gross profit                                              4,674,493     3,216,152      1,458,341           45.3%
Operating expenses
  Research and development                                2,145,868     1,953,295        192,573            9.9%
  Selling, general and administrative                     2,081,489     1,831,056        250,433           13.7%


Total operating expenses                                  4,227,357     3,784,351        443,006           11.7%


Income (loss) from operations                               447,136      (568,199)     1,015,335        (178.7)%
  Interest income                                            70,505        69,641            864            1.2%
  Interest expense                                          (58,234)      (21,805)        (36,429)         167.1%
  Other expense, net                                        (42,553)      (12,638)        (29,915)         236.7%


Income (loss) before income tax expense                     416,854      (533,001)       949,855        (178.2)%
Income tax expense                                          129,921       111,785         18,136           16.2%


Net income (loss)                                           286,933      (644,786)       931,719        (144.5)%


Revenue

Total revenue increased by US$1.5 billion to US$5.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, from US$3.8
billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to increased sales of BRUKINSA, TEVIMBRA, as well
as increased sales of in-licensed products from Amgen.




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT          141
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Net product revenue consisted of the following:


                                                        Year Ended December 31,                 Changes
                                                               2025            2024                             %
                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


BRUKINSA®                                                 3,928,489       2,644,226      1,284,263          48.6%
TEVIMBRA    ®
                                                            737,304         620,836        116,468          18.8%
XGEVA   ®
                                                            305,979         224,403         81,576          36.4%
BLINCYTO®                                                   104,224          74,331         29,893          40.2%
KYPROLIS    ®
                                                             74,974          66,171          8,803          13.3%
POBEVCY     ®
                                                             47,400          53,509          (6,109)       (11.4)%
Other                                                        83,691          96,070         (12,379)       (12.9)%


Total product revenue                                     5,282,061       3,779,546      1,502,515          39.8%


Net product revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the prior year, primarily due
to increased sales of BRUKINSA globally, driven by significant growth in the U.S. and Europe. In addition, product
revenues in 2025 were positively impacted by growth from in-licensed products from Amgen and TEVIMBRA.


Global sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a 48.6%
increase compared to the prior year. U.S. sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$2.8 billion for the year ended December
31, 2025 compared to US$2.0 billion in the prior year, representing growth of 45.1%, driven primarily by robust
demand growth across all indications and modest benefit due to net pricing. BRUKINSA continues to maintain its
leading new patient share across the BTKi class due to its differentiated, best-in-class clinical profile. BRUKINSA
sales in the EU totaled US$596.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing growth of 66.2%
compared to the prior-year period, driven by continued gains in market share across all major markets, including
Germany, Italy, Spain, France and the UK. BRUKINSA sales in China totaled US$344.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2025, representing growth of 33.3% compared to the prior year.


Sales of TEVIMBRA totaled US$737.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a 18.8% increase
compared to the prior year.


Other revenue totaled US$61.0 million and US$30.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
respectively, primarily related to royalty revenue under the Amgen collaboration and revenue generated under the
Novartis broad markets marketing and promotion agreement.




142     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross Margin

Gross margin on global product sales increased to US$4.6 billion, or 87.3% as a percentage of sales, for the year
ended December 31, 2025, compared to US$3.2 billion, or 84.3% as a percentage of sales, for the year ended
December 31, 2024. The gross margin percentage increased due to a proportionally higher sales mix of global
BRUKINSA compared to other products in our portfolio. Gross margin also benefited from production productivity
improvements resulting in lower costs for both BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA. These increases were slightly offset
by period costs of US$33.9 million related to the re-positioning of our manufacturing capacity during 2025. On an
adjusted basis, which does not include depreciation and amortization, gross margin as a percentage of product
sales increased to 87.8% for the year ended December 31, 2025, from 85.5% in the prior year.


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$192.6 million, or 9.9%, to US$2.1 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2025, from US$2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The following table summarizes
the external cost of development programs, upfront license and development milestone fees, and internal research
and development expense for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                               Year Ended December 31,                    Changes
                                                                      2025              2024                               %
                                                                                (US dollars in thousands)


External research and development expense:
     Cost of development programs                                  753,868          539,446         214,422           39.7%
     Upfront license and development milestone fees                     709         114,049         (113,340)        (99.4)%
     Amgen co-development expenses1                                104,143           75,165          28,978           38.6%


Total external research and development expenses                   858,720          728,660         130,060           17.8%
Internal research and development expenses                       1,287,148        1,224,635          62,513             5.1%


Total research and development expenses                          2,145,868        1,953,295         192,573             9.9%


Adjusted research and development expense2                       1,855,979        1,668,368         187,611           11.2%

1.      Our co-funding obligation for the development of the pipeline assets under the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
        December 31, 2025 totaled US$205.2 million, of which US$104.1 million was recorded as R&D expense. The remaining
        US$101.1 million was recorded as a reduction for the R&D cost share liability.


2.      Adjusted research and development expense is intended to provide investors and others with information about our
        performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential
        variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial
        Measures and Non-GAAP Reconciliation in this MD&A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these
        items.




                                                    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           143
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The increase in external research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 was primarily
attributable to an increase in external costs of development programs primarily due to advancing preclinical
programs into the clinic and early clinical programs into late stage, including sonrotoclax (BCL2i), as well as higher
Amgen co-development expenses offset by lower development upfront and milestone fees.


Internal research and development expense increased US$62.5 million, or 5.1%, to US$1.3 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2025 from US$1.2 billion in the prior year, and was primarily attributable to the expansion
of our global development organization and our clinical and preclinical drug candidates, as well as our continued
efforts to internalize research and clinical trial activities.


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

                                                                 Year Ended December 31,                   Changes
                                                                       2025             2024                                 %
                                                                                 (US dollars in thousands)


Selling, general and administrative expense                       2,081,489       1,831,056          250,433            13.7%
Adjusted selling, general and administrative expense1             1,743,118       1,549,864          193,254            12.5%

1.    Adjusted selling, general and administrative expense is intended to provide investors and others with information about
      our performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential
      variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial
      Measures and Non-GAAP Reconciliation in this MD&A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these
      items.


Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$250.4 million, or 13.7%, to US$2.1 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2025, from US$1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily
attributable to continued investment in global commercial expansion primarily in the U.S. and Europe. Selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of product sales were 39.4% for the year ended December
31, 2025 compared to 48.4% in the prior-year period.




144     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Interest Income

Interest income increased by US$0.9 million, or 1.2%, to US$70.5 million for the year ended December 31,
2025, compared to US$69.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Interest income remained materially
consistent, due to lower interest rates earned on our cash and cash equivalents offset by a higher cash and cash
equivalents balance.


Interest Expense

Interest expense increased by US$36.4 million, or 167.1%, to US$58.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2025, compared to US$21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Interest expense increased resulting
from interest expense recorded under the effective interest method related to the sale of future royalty liability,
higher interest rates on debt balances and lower interest capitalized related to completion of certain phases of our
Hopewell facility.


Other Expense, Net

Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2025 was US$42.6 million, due to impairment losses
recognized on our equity investments partially offset by government subsidy income and foreign exchange gains.


Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2024 was US$12.6 million, due to foreign exchange losses,
primarily from holding net monetary assets denominated in the RMB at certain U.S. dollar functional entities,
including BeOne Medicines Ltd. (the “Parent Company”), and unrealized losses on equity investments, partially
offset by government subsidy income.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT         145
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Tax Expense

Our total income tax expense is substantially equal to our current tax expense and thus does not reflect any
deferred tax benefits related to our net deferred tax assets due to the ASC 740, Income Taxes requirement to
establish a valuation allowance against all such assets in all jurisdictions, thereby negating the tax benefit in the
income statement, due to our three-year cumulative loss position. Our discussion of income tax expense below is
thus based on a comparison of our current tax expense in 2025 versus 2024.


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                               US$’000        US$’000


Current tax expense                                                                             120,452        85,778
Net deferred tax benefit                                                                       (149,347)      (131,279)
Increase in valuation allowance                                                                 158,816       157,286


Total income tax expense                                                                        129,921       111,785


Income tax expense was US$129.9 million (US$120.5 million current tax) for the year ended December 31, 2025
compared with US$111.8 million (US$85.8 million current tax) for the year ended December 31, 2024. The current
income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 was primarily attributable to higher currently taxable
income primarily in China, Australia, and Italy, that resulted in an increase of US$52.6 million offset with lower
current tax in the U.S. of US$17.9 million. The decrease in the U.S. was driven by positive impacts of OBBBA,
while the increase in other jurisdictions’ higher current taxable income was driven by (a) the increase in current year
valuation allowances on short-term deferred tax assets that are triggered by our three-year cumulative loss position
at a consolidated level, (b) increase in uncertain tax liabilities and (c) return to provision adjustments.


Given the Company’s recent history of earnings, management believes that there is a reasonable possibility that,
within the next twelve months, sufficient positive evidence may become available to allow management to reach a
conclusion that a significant portion of the valuation allowance recorded against the deferred tax assets held will
be reversed. The reversal would result in an income tax benefit for the quarterly and annual fiscal period in which
the Company releases the valuation allowance. However, the exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance
release are subject to change on the basis of the level of profitability that the Company actually achieves. Prior to
reversal, income tax expense should trend with earnings per historical relationship.


On July 4, 2025, the reconciliation bill (H.R. 1), commonly referred to as the OBBBA, was signed into law and
includes a broad range of tax reform provisions. The OBBBA allows an elective deduction for domestic research
and development expenses and, a reinstatement of elective 100% first-year bonus depreciation effective in tax
year 2025, and a more favorable tax rate on foreign-derived deduction eligible income effective in tax year 2026.
The impact of certain elective provisions of the OBBBA has been included in the 2025 tax provision, resulting in a
reduction of U.S. income tax expense within our consolidated financial statements.




146    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Non-GAAP Reconciliation


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                     (US dollars in thousands,
                                                                                     except for per share data)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted cost of sales – products:
GAAP cost of sales – products                                                           668,540           594,089
Less: Depreciation                                                                       13,669            42,707
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                        10,004             4,729
Less: Other                                                                                 893                    –


Adjusted cost of sales – products                                                       643,974           546,653


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted research and development:
GAAP research and development                                                         2,145,868         1,953,295
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                                 217,440           186,113
Less: Depreciation                                                                       72,449            98,814


Adjusted research and development                                                     1,855,979         1,668,368


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted selling, general and administrative:
GAAP selling, general and administrative                                              2,081,489         1,831,056
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                                 292,807           255,680
Less: Depreciation                                                                       45,497            25,417
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                             67                  95


Adjusted selling, general and administrative                                          1,743,118         1,549,864


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted operating expenses
GAAP operating expenses                                                               4,227,357         3,784,351
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                                 510,247           441,793
Less: Depreciation                                                                      117,946           124,231
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                             67                  95


Adjusted operating expenses                                                           3,599,097         3,218,232




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.       •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT          147
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                    (US dollars in thousands,
                                                                    except for per share data)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted income (loss) from operations:
GAAP income (loss) from operations                                     447,136          (568,199)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                510,247           441,793
Plus: Depreciation                                                     131,615           166,938
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                       10,071             4,824
Plus: Other                                                                893                   –


Adjusted income from operations                                      1,099,962            45,356


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted net income (loss):
GAAP net income (loss)                                                 286,933          (644,786)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                510,247           441,793
Plus: Depreciation                                                     131,615           166,938
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                       10,071             4,824
Plus: Other                                                                893                   –
Plus: Impairment of equity investments                                  75,626             6,838
Plus: Discrete tax items                                                24,778            18,597
Plus: Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments                       (122,562)          (49,123)


Adjusted net income (loss)                                             917,601           (54,919)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted EPS – basic
GAAP earnings (loss) per share – basic                                     0.20             (0.47)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                    0.36             0.32
Plus: Depreciation                                                         0.09             0.12
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                          0.01             0.00
Plus: Other                                                                0.00             0.00
Plus: Impairment of equity investments                                     0.05             0.00
Plus: Discrete tax items                                                   0.02             0.01
Plus: Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments                           (0.09)            (0.04)


Adjusted earnings (loss) per share – basic                                 0.65             (0.04)




148    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •       2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                  (US dollars in thousands,
                                                                                  except for per share data)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted EPS – diluted
GAAP earnings (loss) per share – diluted                                                 0.19             (0.47)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                                  0.35             0.32
Plus: Depreciation                                                                       0.09             0.12
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                                        0.01             0.00
Plus: Other                                                                              0.00             0.00
Plus: Impairment of equity investments                                                   0.05             0.00
Plus: Discrete tax items                                                                 0.02             0.01
Plus: Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments                                         (0.08)            (0.04)


Adjusted earnings (loss) per share – diluted                                             0.62             (0.04)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted earnings (loss) per ADS – basic
GAAP earnings (loss) per ADS – basic                                                     2.63             (6.12)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                                  4.68             4.20
Plus: Depreciation                                                                       1.21             1.59
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                                        0.09             0.05
Plus: Other                                                                              0.01             0.00
Plus: Impairment of equity investments                                                   0.69             0.06
Plus: Discrete tax items                                                                 0.23             0.18
Plus: Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments                                         (1.12)            (0.47)


Adjusted earnings (loss) per ADS – basic                                                 8.41             (0.52)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted earnings (loss) per ADS – diluted
GAAP earnings (loss) per ADS – diluted1                                                  2.53             (6.12)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                                  4.50             4.20
Plus: Depreciation                                                                       1.16             1.59
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                                        0.09             0.05
Plus: Other                                                                              0.01             0.00
Plus: Impairment of equity investments                                                   0.67             0.06
Plus: Discrete tax items                                                                 0.22             0.18
Plus: Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments                                         (1.08)            (0.47)


Adjusted earnings (loss) per ADS – diluted                                               8.09             (0.52)




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.    •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT          149
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)


Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP):
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (GAAP)                             1,127,580          (140,631)
Less: Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                        (185,839)         (492,663)


Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP)                                                                941,741          (633,294)


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash increased by 74.7% from US$2,638.7 million as of December 31, 2024
to US$4,609.6 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily due to the increase of the Company’s operating cash
inflow, and upfront payments received from the sale of future royalties.


Accounts receivable, net


Accounts receivable increased by 27.9% from US$676.3 million as of December 31, 2024 to US$865.1 million as of
December 31, 2025, primarily due to the increased sales of our internally developed products.


Inventories, net


The inventories increased by 22.9% from US$495.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to US$608.2 million as of
December 31, 2025, primarily due to stock preparation for the increased sales of our internally developed products
and in-licensed products.


Other non-current assets


The other non-current assets decreased by 36.2% from US$160.5 million as of December 31, 2024 to US$102.4
million as of December 31, 2025, primarily due to the decrease of the Company’s investments in equity securities.


Accounts payable


Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$479.0 million and US$405.0 million as of
December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.




150    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payable as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                           (US dollars in thousands)


Within 1 year                                                                                478,383           404,738
Over 1 year                                                                                       652              259


Total                                                                                        479,035           404,997


Accrued expenses and other payables


Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                           (US dollars in thousands)


Compensation related                                                                         305,055           248,348
Sales rebates and returns related                                                            398,533           235,600
External research and development activities related                                         156,525           154,269
Commercial activities                                                                        118,449            77,530
Accrued general and administrative expenses                                                    36,635           31,106
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                          60,359           34,904
Other                                                                                          33,564           21,956


Total                                                                                       1,109,120          803,713


Accrued expenses and other payables increased by 38.0% from US$803.7 million as of December 31, 2024 to
US$1,109.1 million as of December 31, 2025. The increase was primarily due to the increase of sales rebates and
returns in line with increased sales volume of our internally developed products.


Sale of future royalty liability


The Company’s sale of future royalty liability was US$907.0 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily due to the
upfront payment received from Royalty Pharma.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT          151
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Debt


The Company’s total debt increased by 0.1% from US$1,018.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to US$1,019.2
million as of December 31, 2025, the Company entered into the Facilities Agreement with HSBC and certain
financial institutions, and utilized a portion of the proceeds from borrowings under the Facilities Agreement to repay
other short-term bank loans.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


The following table represents our cash and debt balances as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                               4,609,647         2,638,747


Total debt                                                                               1,019,206         1,018,013


We have generated positive cash flow from operations since the third quarter of 2024. We generated cash flows
from operations of US$1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, which is US$1.3 billion higher than the
year ended December 31, 2024.


Based on our recent and expected performance, we expect that our operating cash flows and existing cash and
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2025 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and planned long-term
investments for at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements included in this report are
issued. In 2025 we generated proceeds from long-term debt of US$855.0 million which was used to pay off all
existing short-term working capital loans, and include certain restrictive covenants as laid out further below with
respect to certain coverage ratios and maximum investment amounts. We believe we will have sufficient cash and
cash equivalents and other sources of capital to be able to repay and/or refinance those debt obligations as they
become due principally in 2027 and 2028.


Facilities Agreement

In November 2025, we entered into a Facilities Agreement (the “Facilities Agreement”) with a syndicate of banks.
The Facilities Agreement provides for a US$140 million U.S. dollar-denominated, 2-year, B1 revolving credit facility
(the “B1 Revolving Loan Facility”), a US$560 million U.S. dollar-denominated, 2-year, B2 term loan facility (the “B2
Term Loan Facility” and, together with the B1 Revolving Loan Facility, the “B Loan Facilities”), and a RMB2.15
billion Renminbi-denominated, or approximately US$300 million, 3-year, A term loan facility (the “A Loan Facility”)
(collectively, the “Loan Facilities”). Subsequently, we consummated the refinancing of our short-term (1 year
tenor) working capital loans of approximately US$768 million in aggregate through the proceeds from the B2 Term
Loan Facility and A Loan Facility. We paid US$23 million in debt issuance costs for the Facilities Agreement from
available cash and cash equivalents.




152    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The refinancing extended the maturity of our working capital loans. The A Loan Facility requires repayment of 4% of
the aggregate amount outstanding every six months beginning on November 24, 2026, with all remaining principal
outstanding due on November 24, 2028. The B2 Term Loan Facility requires repayment of 10% of the aggregate
amount outstanding every three months beginning on June 15, 2027, with all remaining principal outstanding due
on December 15, 2027, unless the final repayment date is extended.


The A Loan Facility is subject to an interest rate equal to the Reference Rate (RMB) (as defined in the Facilities
Agreement) plus a margin of 0.65% per annum. The B Loan Facilities are subject to an interest rate equal to the
Reference Rate (USD) (as defined in the Facilities Agreement) plus a margin of 2.40% per annum. In addition
to paying interest on the outstanding principal, we are also required to pay a commitment fee of 0.85% on the
undrawn and uncancelled amounts under the Loan Facilities.


The Facilities Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this
type. In addition, the Facilities Agreement contains financial covenants applicable to the Loan Facilities, including
covenants requiring the maintenance of: (i) a minimum cash interest coverage ratio of not less than 5.00 to 1.00;
(ii) a net leverage ratio of not greater than 2.50 to 1.00; (iii) a minimum total consolidated shareholders’ equity of
the Group of not less than US$2.7 billion; (iv) a minimum cash balance held outside the PRC by the Company and
the Guarantors of US$500.0 million; (v) a maximum financial indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries
not to exceed US$2.0 billion; and (vi) a maximum financial indebtedness of the Company’s subsidiaries that
are incorporated or registered in the PRC not to exceed US$500.0 million. We were compliant with the required
covenants as of December 31, 2025.


Sale of Future Royalties

The upfront payment from Royalty Pharma of US$885 million in the third quarter of 2025 and the subsequent
payment of US$26 million in the fourth quarter of 2025 increased our cash and cash equivalents through financing
cash inflows. However, the repayment of this obligation to Royalty Pharma will be made upon the receipt of royalties
from Amgen throughout the royalty period; therefore, it has not been included in the total debt balance above, as
there is no claim on unrestricted cash. Our classification of the liability between current and non-current is based
on our expectations of royalty revenue from Amgen over the next 12 months, which will be paid to Royalty Pharma
in accordance with the terms of the Royalty Agreement. Cash inflows from Amgen are classified as operating cash
inflows, while the corresponding payments to Royalty Pharma are allocated between interest cash outflows within
operating cash flows and a portion to reduce the liability, classified as a financing cash outflow. Pursuant to the
Royalty Agreement, in 2025, we paid to Royalty Pharma an aggregate of US$9.6 million, of which US$5.6 million
was allocated as interest expense and recognized within operating cash flows, and US$4.0 million was recorded
as a reduction to the liability recorded within financing activities. An additional US$14.2 million of interest expense
was accrued as of December 31, 2025. Any cash received from Amgen but not yet remitted to Royalty Pharma as
of the balance sheet date will be reflected as restricted cash in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. There was no such
restricted cash as of December 31, 2025.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          153
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows and unused borrowing capacity
available under our Facilities Agreement for the years indicated:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                       2,638,747        3,185,984
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                     1,127,580          (140,631)
Net cash used in investing activities                                                    (276,155)         (548,350)
Net cash provided by financing activities                                               1,059,451          193,449
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                60,024           (51,705)


Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                   1,970,900          (547,237)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                             4,609,647        2,638,747


Unused borrowing capacity available under the Facilities Agreement,
  at end of year                                                                         140,000                   –


Operating Activities


Cash provided by operating activities increased by US$1.3 billion versus the prior year due to our significantly
improved revenue and US$1.5 billion of increase in gross margin in the current year, offset by continued funding of
our development pipeline and commercial operations, and positive cash flows from changes in working capital due
to timing of accounts receivable collections and payments on accrued expenses.


Investing Activities


Investing activities used US$276.2 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to US$548.4
million of cash used in the prior year due primarily to a decrease in capital expenditures, partially offset by an
increase in acquired in-process research and development and regulatory milestone payments.


Financing Activities


Financing activities provided US$1.1 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to US$193.4
million of cash provided in the prior year period due primarily to US$911.0 million of proceeds from sale of future
royalties and higher proceeds from option exercises and employee share purchase plan, partially offset by a net
reduction in debt borrowings in the current year period and higher payroll tax payments upon vesting of share-
based compensation awards.


In 2026, we expect to repay approximately US$60.5 million of outstanding bank loans.




154    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Effects of Exchange Rates on Cash


As noted above, we hold RMB denominated cash in our Parent Company and incur foreign currency gains or losses
when remeasuring such cash to the U.S. dollar. In the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred realized gains
on cash of US$4.2 million that is included in the reconciling items between net income and net cash provided by
operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows primarily related to the remeasurement of RMB
denominated cash to USD. The RMB denominated cash in our Parent Company, however, is required to be used to
fund RMB denominated expenditures and thus foreign currency gains or losses on such cash does not affect our
ability to fund those expenditures.


We have substantial operations in China and Europe, where the functional currency is the RMB and EUR and as
such the net cash flows are translated to the U.S. dollar for financial reporting. This process generates translation
gains and losses on non-USD denominated cash held in those currency markets that are included in the effects of
foreign exchange rate changes on the consolidated statements of cash flows, as such translation gains and losses
are excluded from cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities.


Future Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements


Our material cash requirements in the short- and long-term consist of the following operational, capital, and
manufacturing expenditures, a portion of which contain contractual or other obligations. We plan to fund our
material cash requirements with cash on hand.


Contractual and Other Obligations


The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2025:


                                                                                           Payments Due by Period
                                                                            Total          Short-term      Long-term
                                                                               (US dollars in thousands)


Contractual obligations:
Operating lease commitments                                               80,569              23,653          56,916
Purchase commitments                                                     205,175             202,833           2,342
Debt obligations                                                       1,041,224              60,528         980,696
Interest on debt                                                         110,322              50,722          59,600
Co-development funding commitment                                        130,393             130,393                 –
Funding commitments                                                        5,241               5,186                55
Capital commitments                                                       46,431              46,431                 –


Total                                                                  1,619,355             519,746       1,099,609




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •      2025    ANNUAL REPORT       155
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Lease Commitments


We lease office facilities in California and Massachusetts in the U.S.; Basel, Switzerland; and office or manufacturing
facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou in China; under non-cancelable operating leases expiring
on various dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on a straight-line basis over the respective lease
terms. The aggregate future minimum payments under these non-cancelable operating leases are summarized in
the table above.


Purchase Commitments


As of December 31, 2025, purchase commitments amounted to US$205.2 million, of which US$24.9 million related
to non-utilization fees and minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from CMOs and US$180.3 million
related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from Amgen. We do not have any minimum purchase
requirements for inventory from Amgen.


Debt Obligations and Interest


Total debt obligations coming due in the next twelve months are US$60.5 million. Total long-term debt obligations
are US$980.7 million. We have numerous financial and non-financial covenants on our debt obligations with
various banks and other lenders. Some of these covenants include default and/or cross-default provisions that
could require acceleration of repayment of our loans in the event of default. As of December 31, 2025, we are
in compliance with all covenants of our material debt agreements. See above regarding Liquidity and Capital
Resources and Note 14 in the Notes to the Financial Statements for further detail of our debt obligations.


Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. For the purpose of contractual
obligations calculation, current interest rates on floating rate obligations were used for the remainder contractual life
of the outstanding borrowings.


Royalty Sale Liability


As described above, we have a contractual commitment to pay Royalty Pharma amounts received from Amgen
related to Amgen’s sales of IMDELLTRA® in certain markets outside of China. While we have classified the upfront
payment and the option exercise payment received from Royalty Pharma as a liability, the repayment of this
obligation to Royalty Pharma will be made upon the receipt of royalties from Amgen throughout the royalty period,
which is anticipated to extend at least through 2041. We have not included this liability in the table above because it
does not constitute a fixed contractual obligation or a cancellable commitment from which the upfront payment and
option exercise payment could be demanded for refund.




156    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Co-Development Funding Commitments


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we are responsible for co-funding global clinical development costs for
the licensed oncology pipeline assets, up to a total cap of US$1.25 billion. We are funding our portion of the co-
development costs by contributing cash and/or development services. As of December 31, 2025, our remaining co-
development funding commitment was US$130.4 million.


Funding Commitments


Funding commitments represent our committed capital related to equity investments. As of December 31, 2025, our
remaining capital commitment was US$5.2 million and is expected to be paid from time to time over the investment
period.


Capital Commitments


We had capital commitments amounting to US$46.4 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as
of December 31, 2025, related to various facilities across the globe.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES


Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and
judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our estimates on
historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Certain of these estimates are considered critical as they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and
have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our critical
accounting estimates are summarized below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this
annual report for a description of our significant accounting policies.


Revenue Recognition


We recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods or services to our customers. Revenue is measured as
the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods and services. We generate revenue from
product sales and revenue transactions with our collaboration partners.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT      157
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Product Revenue

To determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct
customer, we estimate any rebates, chargebacks or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and
other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in
making these estimates. We include variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that
a significant reversal will not occur and estimate variable consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts
and allowances, sales returns allowances, and other incentives using the expected value method.


Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government and
commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of NRDL pricing, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,
sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and our
customers, health care providers and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into
consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical
experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events
and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. We base our sales returns
allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by third-party sources, and actual
returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. To date, sales returns have not been significant.


Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from our estimates. We will reassess estimates
for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we will adjust these
estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


Collaboration Revenue

Our collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation, including
grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreements to provide research and development services and
other deliverables. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require
significant judgments to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the
contract.


Standalone selling prices for licenses of intellectual property and the right to access and use intellectual property
during an option period performance obligations are determined based on the probability-weighted present value
of forecasted cash flows associated with the intellectual property. Stand-alone selling prices for research and
development services performance obligations are based on the present value of estimated clinical trial costs plus
a reasonable margin.


The estimates of standalone selling prices involve management’s key assumptions such as revenue growth rate,
estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory success, and discount rates.
These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic, regulatory and market
conditions.




158    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


At December 31, 2025, our existing deferred revenue balance related to collaborative arrangements was less than
US$1.0 million, and collaboration revenue is not expected to be a significant driver of our financial results until if
and when additional agreements are entered into.


Measurement of Accrued Research and Development Expenses

Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses and are recognized as
the related services are incurred and measured at the cost expected to be paid for those services. As such, certain
of our research and development expenses in any one period are an estimate by us as to the amount incurred for
that period but not yet invoiced to us by the service provider. We have a history of contracting with third parties
that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development of our product candidates.
Expenses related to clinical trials not yet invoiced are accrued based on our estimates of the actual services
performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a
result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the related accruals
accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period in
which the facts that give rise to the revision become probable.


Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our
understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services
performed may vary and may result in us reporting expenses that differ from amounts ultimately paid in any one
period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments to our prior estimates of research and development
expenses.


Measurement of Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years.
Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these
future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources,
including reversal of temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies.
These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including historical
experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Currently, we are in a three-year
cumulative book loss position and as required by ASC 740, we provided a valuation allowance on all of our deferred
tax assets. If and when we are no longer in a three-year cumulative loss position, the subsequent measurement of
our deferred tax assets will subject to the estimation process noted above.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          159
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Subsequent Measurement of Long-Lived Assets

We test long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives,
for impairment at least annually and whenever events or circumstances change that indicate impairment may have
occurred. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred.
Such indicators may include, among others and without limitation: a significant decline in our expected future cash
flows; a sustained, significant decline in the trading prices of our ADSs, our ordinary shares, and/or our RMB Shares
and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated
competition; and slower growth rates. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we determined there was
no impairment of the value of our long-lived assets.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements.


INTEREST RISK


We are exposed to risk related to changes in interest rates on our outstanding borrowings. We had US$1.0 billion of
outstanding floating rate debt as of December 31, 2025. A 100-basis point increase in interest rates as of December
31, 2025 would increase our annual pre-tax interest expense by approximately US$10.4 million.


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK


China Exchange Rate Regime


RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The State Administration of
Foreign Exchange, under the authority of the People’s Bank of China, controls the conversion of RMB into foreign
currencies. The value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things,
changes in China’s political and economic conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. Since 2005, the RMB
has been permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies.
The RMB compared to the U.S. dollar depreciated approximately 4.4% for the year ended December 31, 2025,
and depreciated approximately 2.8% for the year ended December 31, 2024. It is difficult to predict how market
forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the
future.




160       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Transactional Risk


We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures when we enter into transactions
denominated in foreign currencies. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, and our most significant functional
currencies are the U.S. dollar and the RMB. A portion of our operating transactions and monetary assets and
liabilities are in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and RMB, primarily the U.S. dollar against the RMB, Euro,
and Australian dollar. We recognized foreign exchange gains of US$4.2 million during the year ended December
31, 2025 and foreign exchange losses of US$16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, resulting from
changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar compared to the RMB and the revaluation impact of RMB-denominated
deposits held in U.S. dollar functional currency entities.


Translational Risk


We also face foreign currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the
U.S. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period, primarily the RMB against the
U.S. dollar. A significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our foreign cash balances and trade receivables. Further, volatility in exchange rate fluctuations may
have a significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income
(loss).


We have not used derivative financial instruments to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION


Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation
has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2025.


GEARING RATIO


The gearing ratio of the Company, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 23.4% as of December 31, 2025, representing a decrease from 30.6% as of December 31,
2024. The decrease was primarily due to the increase of shareholders’ equity.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not hold any other significant
investments as of December 31, 2025.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           161
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not have other plans for material
investments and capital assets as of December 31, 2025.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not have other material acquisitions
and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2025.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY


As of December 31, 2025, we had a global team of near 12,000 employees, which increased from 11,000
employees as of December 31, 2024. Most of our employees are full-time. The remuneration policy and package of
the Company’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash compensation and benefits, we may issue
share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, unrestricted shares, performance
share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to our employees in accordance with our equity
plans. We also provide external and internal training programs to our employees. The packages were set by
benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies of similar size. The total remuneration cost
incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 was US$2.1 billion (2024: US$1.8 billion).


PLEDGE OF ASSETS


As of December 31, 2025, we pledged restricted deposits of US$62.1 million (December 31, 2024: US$11.3 million)
primarily consist of cash deposits held in designated bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit and letters of
guarantee, and land use right and certain property, plant and equipments with a total carrying amount of US$966.2
million (December 31, 2024: US$144.9 million) were secured for bank loans and borrowings under the Facilities
Agreement.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES


As of December 31, 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2024: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025.




162    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board consists of eleven Directors, comprising one executive Director, one non-executive Director, and nine
independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about our Directors as of
April 3, 2026:

Name                                     Age       Position


Mr. John V. Oyler                        58        Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                        62        Non-executive Director
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt                  70        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                   69        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                       51        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                    71        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                     52        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Alessandro Riva                      65        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          69        Independent non-executive Director
Ms. Shalini Sharp                        51        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                          54        Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 58, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. He has served
as a member of the Board since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was acquired by Pharmaceutical
Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive Officer of Galenea Corp., a
biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central nervous system diseases,
which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Oyler was a
Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in 2007. From 1997 to
1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Inc., an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical
company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management consultant at McKinsey &
Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in June 1990 and an MBA
from Stanford University in January 1996. We believe that Mr. Oyler’s extensive leadership, executive, managerial,
business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company experience, along with his years of industry experience
in the development of pharmaceutical products qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         163
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Xiaodong Wang , Ph.D., aged 62, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of the Board since February
2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang has served as
the founding Co-Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and became its
Director and Investigator in 2010. In addition, Dr. Wang has served as a Chair Professor at Tsinghua University
since 2020. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator from 1997 to 2010 and held the
position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical Sciences at the University
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr. Wang founded Joyant
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the development of small
molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang serves as a non-executive director and member of the compensation
committee of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd. (HKEx: 2197). Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing
Normal University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a
foreign associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience
in cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualifies him to serve as a member
of the Board.




164    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. Olivier Brandicour t, aged 70, has served as a member of the Board since January 2024. Dr. Brandicourt
has served as a Senior Advisor at Blackstone Life Sciences, a private equity segment of The Blackstone Group
that invests within the life science sector, since November 2019. Dr. Brandicourt currently serves on the boards
of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing
novel therapeutics based on RNAi; Vaxcyte, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed (ticker symbol: PCVX) vaccine innovation
company engineering high-fidelity vaccines to protect humankind from the consequences of bacterial diseases;
and Dewpoint Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held condensate biotechnology company. He also serves as chair
of the board of AvenCell Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held leading clinical-stage cell therapy company focused
on advancing both switchable and allogeneic engineered CAR-T cell therapies. Dr. Brandicourt has over 30 years
of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry, including as a senior leader of three global pharmaceutical
companies. From April 2015 to August 2019, Dr. Brandicourt served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the
board of directors of Sanofi S.A.. Prior to Sanofi, he was the Chief Executive Officer and Chair of Bayer HealthCare
AG from November 2013 to March 2015. From 2000 to 2013, Dr. Brandicourt served in various operational and
managerial positions at Pfizer Inc., including as a member of the Executive Leadership Team and President
and General Manager of the Emerging Markets and Established Products Business Units. During his tenure at
Sanofi, Dr. Brandicourt was elected Chairman of the Board of Management of the Pharmaceutical Research and
Manufacturers of America in 2019 and Vice-President of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and
Associations, serving from 2017 to 2019. He is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in London.
Dr. Brandicourt studied medicine in Paris where he specialized in Infectious Diseases and Tropical Medicine and
holds a Master’s Degree in Biology from Paris XII University and an Advanced Degree in Cellular and Immunological
Pathophysiology from the Paris Descartes University. We believe that Dr. Brandicourt’s extensive global operational,
commercial and senior management experience in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on the Board.

Dr. Margaret Han Duga n, aged 69, has served as a member of the Board since February 2022. Dr. Dugan is
currently Chief Medical Officer at Whitehawk Therapeutics, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol:
WHWK). Dr. Dugan is currently Medical Consultant and served as Chief Medical Officer from 2023 to 2025 at
Schrodinger, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: SDGR). She joined Dracen in 2018 with more
than 20 years of experience in oncology and previously held senior leadership roles at Novartis Oncology, including
Senior Vice President and Global Program Head, developing innovative medicines for patients. Dr. Dugan also held
several development positions at Schering-Plough (now Merck & Co.) and American Cyanamid (now Pfizer). Dr.
Dugan received her B.A. and medical degrees in hematology and oncology from New York University. We believe
that Dr. Dugan’s extensive scientific and leadership experience in the healthcare sector qualifies her to serve on the
Board.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          165
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Michael Goller , aged 51, has served as a member of the Board since April 2015. Mr. Goller is a Partner at
Baker Brothers Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of JPMorgan
Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Goller
began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller serves on the
board of directors of DBV Technologies SA, a company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris, and serves
on the board of directors of Replimune Group, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: REPL). From
2017 to 2019, he served on the board of directors of Levo Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Goller received a B.S. in Molecular
and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997, and a Master’s in both Biotechnology
(School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton School) from the University of
Pennsylvania in May 2005. We believe that Mr. Goller is qualified to serve on the Board based on his experience in
the life sciences industry and for his knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper , aged 71, has served as a member of the Board since January 2020. Mr. Hooper retired
from Amgen in January 2020, where he was Executive Vice President from September 2018 to January 2020,
and Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations from 2011 to August 2018. From 2010 to 2011, Mr.
Hooper was Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations and President, U.S., Japan and Intercontinental of
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS). From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Hooper was President, Americas of BMS. From
2004 to 2009, Mr. Hooper was President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals, Worldwide Pharmaceuticals Group, a division
of BMS. Prior to that, Mr. Hooper held various senior leadership positions at BMS. Prior to joining BMS, Mr.
Hooper was Assistant Vice President of Global Marketing for Wyeth Laboratories. Mr. Hooper earned law and
MBA degrees from the University of South Africa in 1978 and 1988 respectively. Mr. Hooper serves on the board
of MannKind Corporation, a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MNKD). We believe Mr. Hooper’s
extensive experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and broad international experience in pharmaceutical
commercial operations qualify him to serve on the Board.


Mr. Ranjeev Krishana , aged 52, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014 and as our Lead Director
since February 2020. Mr. Krishana has worked at Baker Bros. Advisors LP, from 2011 to the present and currently
serves as Partner. Prior to joining Baker Bros., Mr. Krishana held a series of commercial, strategy, and business
development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across a variety of international regions and
markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was at Pfizer from 2003 to 2007 and from
2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China, where he served as a Senior Director
and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his career as a strategy consultant at
Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana served on the board of Immunocore Holdings plc from May 2024 to November 2025,
a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: IMCR). Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political
Science from Brown University in May 1995, and a Master’s of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2011.
We believe Mr. Krishana’s knowledge of the healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on
the Board.




166    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Alessandro Riva , aged 65, has served as a member of the Board since February 2022. From 2021 to 2023, Dr.
Riva served as Chief Executive Officer of Intima Bioscience, Inc., a privately held clinical stage gene and cell therapy
company. From 2019 to 2021, he served as Chief Executive Officer at privately held Ichnos Sciences, where he
built a biotechnology company focused on bi- and tri-specific antibodies in oncology and biologics in autoimmune
diseases. From 2017 to 2019, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Therapeutics and
Cell & Gene Therapy at Gilead Sciences, where he was instrumental in the acquisition of Kite Pharma. Prior to
Gilead, from 2005 to 2016, Dr. Riva was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Development and
Medical Affairs at Novartis Pharmaceuticals, where he contributed significantly to the Oncology Business Unit
and the Cell and Gene Therapy Unit. He was also interim President of Novartis Oncology during the acquisition of
GSK Oncology. Dr. Riva is currently on the board of directors of Bicycle Therapeutics plc, a NASDAQ-listed (ticker
symbol: BCYC) clinical-stage pharmaceutical company developing a novel class of medicines for diseases that are
underserved by existing therapeutics, and on the board of directors of Century Therapeutics, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed
(ticker symbol: IPSC) biotechnology company developing innovative iPSC-derived NK and T cell therapies. Dr. Riva
is also serving as the chairman of the board of directors and CEO of Transgene SA (Euronext Paris: TNG, Paris:
TNG), a listed immunotherapy biotech company that designs and develops therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic
viruses against cancer. He previously held roles at Farmitalia Carlo Erba, Rhône-Poulenc Rorer and Aventis and
co-founded the Breast Cancer International Research Group (BCIRG) and the Cancer International Research
Group (CIRG), where he served as Chief Executive Officer. He received his M.D. in medicine and surgery from the
University of Milan and a certificate board in oncology and hematology from the same institution. We believe that
Dr. Riva’s extensive scientific and management experience in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on the
Board.

Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders , aged 69, has served as a member of the Board since August 2020. Dr. Sanders
most recently served as an Interim Transition Advisor to the Global Development Group of Bristol Myers Squibb
Corporation from November 2019, following its acquisition of Celgene Corporation, until February 2020. Previously,
Dr. Sanders served as a Strategic Advisor to the Office of the Celgene Chief Medical Officer from March 2018
to November 2019. From January 2017 to March 2018, she was a member of the Juno Therapeutics Executive
Committee as Executive Vice President of Development Operations, with responsibilities for strategic operations,
quantitative sciences, biosample and clinical operations. From 1994 to 2017, Dr. Sanders held leadership positions
at Genentech/Roche, including as a member of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Portfolio Committee, Global Head
of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Clinical Operations, Global Head of the Genentech/Roche Biometrics group,
and Genentech Head of DATA (Design, Analysis, Technology & Administration) prior to the Roche acquisition.
Dr. Sanders currently serves as an Emeritus Advisor of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center (previously Fred
Hutchinson Cancer Research Center) in Seattle, WA, and as a director of the following biotechnology companies:
Legend Biotech Corporation (NASDAQ: LEGN), AltruBio Inc. (formerly AbGenomics) (privately held), and Ultragenyx
Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: RARE). Dr. Sanders earned her B.S. and M.S. in statistics, graduating Magna
Cum Laude from the University of the Philippines, and her M.A. and Ph.D. in statistics from the Wharton Doctoral
Program at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Dr. Sanders’ extensive experience and knowledge in the
healthcare sector and her scientific and leadership experience qualify her to serve on the Board.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          167
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. Shalini Sharp , aged 51, has served as a member of the Board since September 2024. Ms. Sharp serves on the
Board of Directors of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.(NASDAQ: NBIX), a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company,
Organon & Co. (NYSE: OGN), a publicly traded healthcare company, and Septerna, Inc. (NASDAQ: LEGN), a
publicly traded biotechnology company. Ms. Sharp served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, from May 2012 to October
2020. Previously, from August 2003 to May 2012, she held positions of increasing responsibility at Agenus Inc., a
publicly traded immune-oncology company, including as Chief Financial Officer, and also served as a member of its
board of directors from May 2012 to June 2018. Earlier in her career, Ms. Sharp worked at Elan Pharmaceuticals,
McKinsey & Company, and Goldman Sachs. Ms. Sharp previously served on the board of directors of Mirati
Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company from March 2021 until its acquisition in January
2024, Sutro Biopharma, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, from November 2018 to November
2023, the board of directors of Precision BioSciences, Inc., a publicly traded gene editing company, from December
2018 to June 2022, the board of directors of Panacea Acquisition Corp. from July 2020 until its acquisition of
Nuvation Bio in January 2021, and the board of directors of Array Biopharma from April 2017 until its acquisition
in June 2019. Ms. Sharp received a B.A. from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We
believe Ms. Sharp is qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience and expertise in financial
management and executive leadership at various biopharmaceutical companies, as well as her service on the
boards of directors of numerous companies.

Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 54, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014. Mr. Yi is a Partner at Hillhouse
Capital. He has worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse, Mr. Yi
was an Equity Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse includes
investments in the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi served as
a non-executive director of JD Health International Inc. (HKEx: 6618) from August 2020 to September 2025. Mr. Yi
received a B.S. degree in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University
of Southern California in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of
the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on the Board.




168    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The following table provides information about members of our senior management, as of April 3, 2026, other than
Mr. John Oyler, who is included above as an executive Director:


Name                                  Age        Position


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.                     64         President and Chief Operating Officer
Aaron Rosenberg                       49         Chief Financial Officer
Lai Wang, Ph.D.                       49         President and Global Head of R&D
Chan Lee                              58         Senior Vice President and General Counsel


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. , aged 64, joined our Company in April 2018 as our President and has been appointed to an
additional position of Chief Operating Officer, effective April 1, 2021. He has more than 30 years of experience in
the pharmaceutical industry, with expertise in research and development, strategy, commercialization and general
management. Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the Country Manager of Pfizer China
from 2009 to April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the Greater China Region from 2017
to April 2018. Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth to become a leading multinational
pharmaceutical company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President and Managing Director of Wyeth
China and Hong Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as the General Manager of Bayer
Healthcare in China from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales and marketing with Bayer in Germany.
Dr. Wu served as a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical Association Committee (RDPAC) in China
from 2008 to 2018 and as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber of Commerce of China’s National
Association of Industry & Commerce from 2015 to 2018. Dr. Wu currently serves on the board of directors of Clover
Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd., a company listed on the HKEx. He is also a research fellow at the Research Center of
National Drug Policy and Ecosystem (NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China. In addition to
his duties in industry associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards, including “Person of the Year”
in Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese Healthcare Industry” and the
“2017 Social Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Pharmacology and
a Diploma in Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the University of Konstanz in Germany.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT           169
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Aaron Rosenberg , aged 49, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2024. Prior to joining our Company,
Mr. Rosenberg is a global finance executive with more than 20 years of experience at Merck & Co., Inc, known as
Merck Sharp & Dohme outside of the United States and Canada. He was most recently Senior Vice President and
Corporate Treasurer of Merck from 2021. Prior to his role as Corporate Treasurer, Mr. Rosenberg served as Senior
Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Planning at Merck from 2018 to 2021 with responsibilities including
leading the enterprise-wide business transformation team and acting as Head of Financial Planning & Analysis. Mr.
Rosenberg was Vice President and Finance Lead of Merck Animal Health from 2015 to 2018, leading a global team
of 120 colleagues. He joined Merck in 2003 in ascending leadership roles in the global finance organization. Mr.
Rosenberg received a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the Warrington College of Business at the University
of Florida and a Master of Business Administration from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York
University.


Lai Wang , Ph.D., aged 49, has served as our Global Head of R&D since April 2021 and has been appointed as our
President effective December 17, 2025. Dr. Wang joined our Company in May 2011 with increasing responsibilities
over the years and most recently as Senior Vice President, Head of Global Research, Clinical Operation &
Biometrics and APAC Clinical Development. Dr. Wang has over 20 years of experience in the oncology field and
over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in both research and development. Prior to joining us,
Dr. Wang was the director of research at Joyant Pharmaceuticals, a biotech company based in Dallas, Texas. Dr.
Wang received his B.S. from Fudan University in 1996 and Ph.D. from University of Texas Health Science Center at
San Antonio in 2001.


Chan Lee , aged 58, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since July 2022. He has more
than 25 years of experience in the bio-pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Lee served as
North America General Counsel and Head of Legal for the Specialty Care Global Business Unit at Sanofi from
2016 to 2022, responsible for the legal oversight of Sanofi’s operations in the U.S. and Canada and Specialty Care
business globally. Prior to Sanofi, Mr. Lee held roles of increasing responsibility at Pfizer from 2008 to 2016, most
notably as Chief Counsel for Pfizer’s Innovative Health global business. He also served as Chief Counsel for the
Vaccines, Oncology and Consumer Health global businesses at Pfizer, as well as Assistant General Counsel for Asia
operations. Mr. Lee earned his J.D. from the University of California at Berkeley and his B.S. in applied economics
from Cornell University.




170    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51(B) (1) OF
THE HK LISTING RULES


Upon specific inquiry by the Company and following confirmations from Directors, except as disclosed hereunder,
there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51(B)
(1) of the HK Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report. The
change of Director’s information is set out below.


Directors                          Changes in Positions held with the Company


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper              Appointed as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
                                   effective January 16, 2025; ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee
                                   but remains as a member of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025.


Ms. Shalini Sharp                  Appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
                                   Committee effective January 16, 2025; appointed as the chair of the Audit
                                   Committee effective March 1, 2025.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         171
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group, for the year ended December 31, 2025.


GENERAL INFORMATION


The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company
redomiciled from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland by way of de-registration in the Cayman Islands and
continuation as a stock corporation under the laws of Switzerland, which became effective on May 27, 2025 (the
“Continuation”). The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEx since August 8, 2018
under the stock code 06160. The Company’s ADSs have been listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under
the symbol “BGNE” from February 3, 2016 to January 1, 2025, and under the symbol “ONC” since January 2,
2025. The Company’s ordinary shares traded in Renminbi (RMB Shares) have been publicly traded on the Science
and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in China under the stock code “688235” since
December 15, 2021.


With effect from the Continuation becoming effective, the Swiss Articles became effective on May 27, 2025.
Subsequent to the adoption of the Swiss Articles, which incorporated the new English name of the Company
of “BeOne Medicines Ltd.”, the English name of the Company has changed from “BeiGene, Ltd.” to “BeOne
Medicines Ltd.” (the “Change of English Name of the Company”), with effect from May 27, 2025. Following the
Change of English Name of the Company, the English stock short name for trading in the Shares on the HKEx has
changed from “BEIGENE” to “BEONE MEDICINES” with effect from October 22, 2025. The Chinese name of the
Company, the Chinese stock short name for trading shares of the Company on the HKEx and the stock code of the
Company on the HKEx remain unchanged. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated May
27, 2025 and October 17, 2025.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES


The Company is a leading global oncology company discovering and developing innovative treatments that are
more accessible to cancer patients worldwide. The Company has established commercial capabilities in key large
commercial markets of the U.S., Europe and China, and continue its rapid expansion of capabilities into Asia
Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions. In the U.S. and EU, the Company generates product revenues from
the sale of BRUKINSA® and TEVIMBRA®. In China, the Company generates product revenues from the sale of its
internally developed drugs TEVIMBRA, BRUKINSA and PARTRUVIX®, and the sale of in-licensed products through
its agreements with Amgen, BMS, Bio-Thera, EUSA Pharma and Luye Pharmaceutical. The analysis of the Group’s
revenues and contribution to results are set out in Note 3 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.




172    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


BUSINESS REVIEW


The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on
page 175 to page 178 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders will be
included in our “Responsible Business & Sustainability Report” published on the same day as this annual report.
The review and discussion form part of this Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL


Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.


SUBSIDIARIES


Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 135 of this annual
report.


RESULTS


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income (loss) on page 274 of this annual report.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          173
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS


For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately
62.0% of the Group’s revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 18.5% of
the Group’s revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers
accounted for approximately 61.9% of the Group’s revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for
approximately 18.0% of the Group’s revenue.


For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 31.6% and 30.1% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the
Group for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 accounted for approximately 15.7% and 11.8% of the
Group’s total purchases, respectively.


During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors owns more than 5% of our issued share capital, had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE


The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment, giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments are
set out in the Company’s Responsible Business & Sustainability Report published on the same day as this annual
report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS


During the year ended December 31, 2025, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material respects.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD


Except as disclosed above, there were no important events affecting the Group which occurred after the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this annual report.




174       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES


As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•    Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
     third-party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


•    We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
     we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
     to market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


•    We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
     competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


•    The market opportunities for our future medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or
     have failed prior treatments and may be small.


•    If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to
     achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement or are subject to unfavorable pricing
     regulations, our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.


•    Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
     earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


•    If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
     authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
     in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
     candidates.


•    If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
     delayed or otherwise adversely affected.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT          175
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•     All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
      products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with
      such regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


•     The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the U.S., China, Europe and other comparable regulatory
      authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience delays or are
      ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially
      harmed.


•     Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
      and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense, and we may be subject
      to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
      medicines and drug candidates.


•     We have historically incurred significant net losses and may incur net losses in the future.


•     We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
      financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


•     If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates, we may lose
      market exclusivities in our medicines.


•     We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could
      be harmed if those third parties fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, provide us with insufficient
      quantities of product or provide product at unacceptable quality levels or prices.


•     We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
      licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
      arrangements.




176    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
    adversely affected.


•   If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
    benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


•   We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
    and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


•   Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
    personnel.


•   Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the
    collection and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be stringent and many are subject
    to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business
    practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.


•   We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
    Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays
    in receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or interruption
    of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


•   Restrictive covenants in our facilities agreements may limit our ability to respond to changes in market
    conditions or pursue business opportunities.


•   Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and
    the U.S. or other governments and the significant oversight and discretion the PRC government has over
    the conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our
    business, financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth
    and expansion strategies.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT             177
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•     The PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, and has the ability to exert
      significant oversight and control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
      in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and limit or completely
      hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such
      securities to significantly decline or be worthless.


•     There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations,
      and rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice.


•     Filing or other procedures with the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) or other Chinese
      regulatory authorities may be required in connection with issuing our equity securities to foreign investors
      under Chinese law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able, or how long it will take us,
      to complete such filing or other procedures. If we fail to complete a filing with the CSRC, our future offering
      application may be impacted and we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC
      and relevant departments of the State Council.


•     The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
      substantial losses to you.


•     Your rights as a shareholder changed following the Continuation.


•     As a Swiss corporation, our flexibility will be limited with respect to certain aspects of capital management.


•     The Continuation has resulted in and may continue to result in additional direct and indirect costs.




178    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


USE OF NET PROCEEDS


Use of Net Proceeds from Amgen


On January 2, 2020, the Company sold 15,895,001 ADSs, representing 206,635,013 ordinary shares of the
Company and approximately 20.5% ownership stake in the Company’s outstanding shares as at the same date,
to Amgen for aggregate cash proceeds of US$2,779,241,000, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant to the Amgen SPA
(as amended) executed in connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. The subscription price represents:
(a) a 36% premium to the 30-day volume weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs as of October 30, 2019,
the day prior to the date of the Amgen SPA; (b) assuming a conversion rate of US$1.00: HK$7.84, a 26% premium
to the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares as quoted on the HKEx on October 31, 2019, the date of the
Amgen SPA; and (c) a 26% premium to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ on October 31,
2019.


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out
in the proxy statement/circular of the Company dated November 29, 2019. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2025:


                                                                             Actual              Actual    Unutilized net
                                                     Percentage        usage up to       usage up to proceeds as of
                                      Planned             of total   December 31,      December 31,        December 31,
                                  applications     net proceeds               2024                 2025             2025
                                   (US dollars                          (US dollars          (US dollars     (US dollars
Use of proceeds                 in thousands)                 (%)    in thousands)      in thousands)      in thousands)


To fund business
  operations(a)                     2,779,241              100%          2,357,788            2,539,574          239,667

Note (a):   To fund the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement by contributing cash
            and development services up to a total cap of approximately US$1.25 billion, the development, manufacturing
            and commercialization of the Company’s internally developed drug candidates, expansion of the Company’s
            commercialization activities, and for future capacity expansion and general corporate use, as appropriate, as
            previously disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated November 29, 2019.


The Company plans to gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with such intended purposes
depending on actual business, which is expected to be fully utilized by 2026. For further details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated November 1, 2019, December 9, 2019, and January 3, 2020.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025     ANNUAL REPORT        179
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Use of Net Proceeds from STAR Offering


On December 15, 2021, the Company completed the STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The shares
offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in China in Renminbi
(“RMB Shares”) pursuant to the general mandate to issue shares, which was approved by the shareholders at the
Company’s 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders held on June 16, 2021. The public offering price of the
RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per RMB Share, which equates to HK$234.89 per ordinary share and US$391.68
per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 RMB Shares. The RMB Shares are not fungible with
the ordinary shares of the Company listed on the HKEx or with the ADSs representing the Company’s ordinary
shares listed on the NASDAQ. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commission and offering expenses were
US$3,392,616,000. The net proceeds from the STAR Offering have been and will be utilized in accordance with the
purposes set out in the prospectus of the STAR Offering (the “STAR Prospectus”), including (i) clinical development
and research project, (ii) research and development center construction, (iii) bio-manufacturing plant construction,
(iv) sales and marketing force expansion, and (v) working capital and general corporate purposes. On November
10, 2023, the Board approved to adjust the amount of proceeds to be invested in each subcategory projects under
the “clinical development and research project”. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the
STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the STAR Prospectus as
well as the Company’s proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering approved by the Board.


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November 16, 2020, January 29, 2021, April
20, 2021, May 14, 2021, June 1, 2021, June 21, 2021, June 28, 2021, June 30, 2021, July 9, 2021, July 28, 2021,
October 15, 2021, November 16, 2021, November 23, 2021, November 24, 2021, November 29, 2021, November
30, 2021, December 2, 2021, December 6, 2021, December 7, 2021, December 13, 2021, December 21, 2021,
December 28, 2021, April 29, 2022, June 27, 2022, August 30, 2022, September 28, 2022, April 25, 2023, August
29, 2023, November 13, 2023, April 26, 2024, August 29, 2024, November 12, 2024, April 28, 2025, August 29,
2025, November 12, 2025 and the circular dated April 30, 2021 of the Company.




180    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As of December 31, 2025, net proceeds amounting to RMB21.2 billion had been utilized, and the remaining RMB0.4
billion will be gradually utilized in accordance with such intended purposes depending on actual business needs,
and are expected to be fully utilized by December 31, 2026. The table below sets out the planned applications of
the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2025:


                                                                                 Actual              Actual     Unutilized net
                                                                           usage up to        usage up to proceeds as of
                                                           Planned       December 31,       December 31,       December 31,
Use of proceeds                                      applications  (a)
                                                                                   2024               2025                2025
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


Clinical Development and Research Projects              13,409,095          10,045,510           13,120,822            288,273
R&D Center Construction(b)                                  467,700            485,741             488,681             (20,981)
Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction     (b)
                                                            150,000            153,451             153,451               (3,451)
Sales & Marketing Force Expansion(b)                        136,360            143,560             143,560               (7,200)
Replenishment of Working Capital                          6,000,000          5,624,969            5,836,113            163,887
Excess of Proceeds                                        1,467,000          1,467,000            1,467,000                   –


Total                                                   21,630,155          17,920,231           21,209,627            420,528


Note (a):   On November 11, 2025, the Board of the Company reviewed and approved the Proposal on Using Excess Offering
            Proceeds to Project Investment and Extending Implementation Period of the Investment Project, to ratify, confirm and
            approve the Company to utilize the remaining Excess Offering Proceeds, totaled RMB163,154,860 to increase the
            planned investment on Clinical development and research Project . Considering the Company’s proposed increase
            in investing Offering Proceeds to the clinical development and research project, and considering the project’s
            implementation status, the Company, without altering the implementing entity or implementation approach of the
            raised funds project, proposes to extend the implementation period of the clinical development and research project
            to December 31, 2026.


Note (b):   The excess over the planned applications for R&D Center Construction, Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction and
            Sales & Marketing Force Expansion were provided by interest income from the STAR Offering proceeds.




                                                   BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT            181
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES


The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that we currently intend to retain all available funds and
earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to applicable law and our Swiss Articles, any future determination
to pay dividends must be approved in advance by our shareholders. The Board may propose a dividend to
shareholders but cannot itself authorize the dividends. Such recommendation by the Board may be based on a
number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. This dividend policy reflects
the Board’s current views on our financial and cash flow position. We intend to continue to review our dividend
policy from time to time, and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all,
for any given period.


We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. If we pay dividends
in the future, in order for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders and holders of ADSs, we may rely to some
extent on dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, and such distributions will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In addition, PRC
regulations currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated distributable after-
tax profits, as determined in accordance with our Swiss Articles and the accounting standards and regulations in
the PRC.


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025.


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 279 and in Note 28 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively, among which the information of the distributable reserves is set forth in Note 28
to the consolidated financial statements.




182    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025
are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS


The Group had US$1,019.2 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2025 (2024: US$1,018.0 million).


DONATION


During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$2.4 million
(2024: approximately US$5.0 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED


The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2025.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Share Schemes”, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the
Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.     •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         183
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS


The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report
are:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-Executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent Non-Executive Directors


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Ms. Shalini Sharp
Mr. Qingqing Yi


Our Swiss Articles provide that each Director holds a term of office until the completion of the next annual general
meeting and shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their
independence as regards the factors referred to in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the Company considers all
of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed “Directors
and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION


Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, receives no compensation
for his service as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board,
also receives no compensation for his service as a Director.




184    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an independent director compensation policy, which was most recently amended on March 19,
2024 by the Board (the “Independent Director Compensation Policy”). The Independent Director Compensation
Policy is part of a total compensation package designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis,
high caliber independent Directors as defined under the listing rule of NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ Listing Rules”).
Under the Independent Director Compensation Policy, all independent Directors, as defined under NASDAQ
Listing Rules, are paid cash compensation as set forth below, including an annual cash retainer of US$65,000 and
additional fees for service as a member or chair of each committee of the Board of Directors on which they serve,
in each case, as noted below, each of which are paid quarterly. There have been no changes for the cash retainers
and additional fees since March 19, 2024.


                                                                                                Annual Retainer
                                                                                                           (US$)


Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                 65,000
Audit Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            35,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         17,500
Compensation Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            30,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         15,000
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            20,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         10,000
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            20,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         10,000
Scientific Advisory Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            20,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         10,000




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         185
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consistent with the current policy, under the Independent Director Compensation Policy, each independent
director, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, is granted equity awards valued at US$400,000 in connection
with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated for the portion of the year served leading up to
the first anniversary of the last annual meeting of shareholders, and annual equity awards valued at US$400,000
on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders. Each of the awards will consist of 50% share options and
50% RSUs. As under the current policy, the equity awards will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of
date of grant or the date of the next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of
specified events in connection with a change of control of the Company. Subject to specific terms and conditions
designed for compliance with applicable tax and other regulations, Directors generally may elect to defer settlement
of their RSUs until six months following the date that the Director ceases to serve as a Director. The options have
an exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of
grant and (ii) the average fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares over the five trading days immediately
preceding the date of grant, in each case as determined in reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs
on the NASDAQ. The equity awards are granted under the Amended 2016 Plan and form of award agreement
thereunder. In addition, under the terms of the Amended 2016 Plan, the value of all equity awards and other cash
compensation paid to each independent Director for their service as an independent Director may not exceed
US$1,000,000 in any calendar year (except in a Director’s first year of service). We also reimburse all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by independent Directors in attending board and committee meetings.


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted a stock ownership policy, further amended in September
2024 and May 2025, which is applicable to our Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief Executive
Officer, to further align the interests of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders. The policy
requires that our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times his annual base salary; our
President must hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of our other executive officers
must hold equity worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-employee Directors must
hold equity worth at least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Newly appointed or elected persons have five
years to achieve compliance with the requirements of the policy. Compliance with our stock ownership policy is
determined on an annual basis on the last trading day of each fiscal year. As of December 31, 2025, all Directors
and executive officers were in compliance with our stock ownership policy.


The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2025 was approximately US$23.1 million and US$24.9 million, respectively. Details of the
remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive officer of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 23, Note 24
and Note 25, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and
there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




186    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employment Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler


Mr. John V. Oyler and the Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements on April
25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. In connection with the Continuation,
on May 27, 2025, BeOne Medicines USA, Inc. (“BeOne US”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an
executive employment agreement with Mr. Oyler (the “Employment Agreement”), which supercedes Mr. Oyler’s
prior employment agreement with the Company dated April 25, 2017. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Oyler
is entitled to receive base salary, participate in the Company’s annual incentive and long-term incentive programs.
The Employment Agreement includes customary provisions addressing confidentiality, intellectual property, and
post-termination obligations. In the event of a termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment by the Company without
cause or resignation by Mr. Oyler for good reason, he would be eligible to receive termination benefits, subject to
the execution of a release of claims, as provided under the Employment Agreement. The Employment Agreement
also contains provisions addressing treatment of compensation and benefits upon certain qualifying events,
including with a change in control. Under voluntary resignation for good reason or termination from the Company
without cause, Mr. Oyler would receive 12 months of base salary, full bonus target and benefits subject to offset for
earnings if hired during the 12 month notice period. Prorated bonus based on target or actual results based on the
time worked in the year of notice period and typically paid at the same time as all other employees. In addition, 24
months of all unvested equity would accelerate. Under voluntary resignation without good reason all equity awards
are forfeited. Under a change in control, Mr. Oyler would receive 12 months of base salary, full bonus target and
benefits subject to offset for earnings if hired during the 12 month notice period. Prorated bonus based on target or
actual results based on time worked in year of notice period typically paid at the same time as all other employees.
In addition, full acceleration of all unvested equity upon a change in control. Under death or disability termination,
all equity awards are accelerated and prorated bonus is paid to reflect the portion of the year worked.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          187
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder, Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board and Director, has been providing
scientific and strategic advisory services to us since our founding in 2010. On July 24, 2018 and February 24,
2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years, respectively (the “Existing
Consulting Agreements”). On December 7, 2023, we entered into a new consulting agreement (the “2024
Consulting Agreement”) with Dr. Wang, effective January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026 with substantially the
same terms as the Existing Consulting Agreements. In connection with the Continuation, on May 27, 2025, BeOne
US entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Wang (the “2025 Consulting Agreement”). The 2025 Consulting
Agreement supersedes the 2024 Consulting Agreement and is effective from May 27, 2025 through May 27, 2028,
with substantially the same terms as the 2024 Consulting Agreement. Pursuant to the 2025 Consulting Agreement,
Dr. Wang will continue to lead our Scientific Advisory Board and provide short- and long-term strategic advice to
our Company in his areas of expertise, participate in our leadership team meetings from time to time, and interact
with our key stakeholders on behalf of the Company and will continue to receive an annual fixed consulting fee of
US$100,000 (subject to review and adjustments by the Board from time to time) and such additional compensation,
which, if any, shall be determined in our sole discretion, subject to compliance with the requirements of the
applicable stock exchange listing rules. BeOne US and Dr. Wang each may terminate the 2025 Consulting
Agreement upon 30 days’ prior notice to the other party, provided that Dr. Wang will be entitled to payment for
services performed prior to the effective date of the termination.


Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2025 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE


Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transaction” and Note 25 to the consolidated financial
statements contained in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31,
2025.




188     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PERMITTED INDEMNITY


Pursuant to our Cayman Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be
indemnified and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs,
charges, expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the
execution of their duty in their offices, other than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud.


As of the effectiveness of the Continuation whereupon Swiss law became applicable, the Company may indemnify
its directors and officers against liability through insurance purchased from one or more third-party insurers or
captive insurance companies, unless such liability results from a grossly negligent or intentional breach by a
director or officer of his or her statutory duties. Our Swiss Articles provide for indemnification by the Company
of our directors and officers and advancement of expenses to defend claims against directors and officers to the
fullest extent allowed by law.


The Company entered into indemnification agreements in the year ended December 31, 2025 with each of our
directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification and expense advancement. Indemnification is
conditional on the director or officer acting in good faith in the best interests of the Company and with respect
to any criminal proceeding, if the director or officer had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct
was unlawful. Expense advancement is subject to an undertaking by the indemnitee to repay amounts advanced
if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification. Disinterested members of the Board
of Directors or an independent counsel will determine whether indemnification payment should be made in each
particular instance.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts” in this annual report, no contract
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2025.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES


Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2025 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS


During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the HK Listing Rules.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT              189
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS


As of December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the ordinary shares (“Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which were required (a) to be
notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                   Number of           percentage
Name of Director                Nature of interest                                     Shares          of holding(1)


John V. Oyler                   Beneficial owner                                 21,382,634(2)              1.39%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust          9,545,000(3)             0.62%
                                Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child        102,188    (4)
                                                                                                            0.01%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust          7,722,480   (5)
                                                                                                            0.50%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust        28,204,115(6)              1.83%
                                Settlor of a trust                                  510,941    (7)
                                                                                                            0.03%
                                Interest of a minor child                           481,533(8)              0.03%
                                Other                                              2,246,725   (9)
                                                                                                            0.15%
Xiaodong Wang                   Beneficial owner                                 10,546,866   (10)
                                                                                                            0.68%
                                Interest in controlled corporation                3,953,100(11)             0.26%
                                Other                                             1,025,063   (12)
                                                                                                            0.07%
                                Interest of spouse                                        50  (13)
                                                                                                       0.000003%
Olivier Brandicourt             Beneficial owner                                    112,021(14)             0.01%
Margaret Han Dugan              Beneficial owner                                    198,042   (15)
                                                                                                            0.01%
Michael Goller                  Person having a security interest in shares         537,459(16)             0.03%
Anthony C. Hooper               Beneficial owner                                    268,112   (17)
                                                                                                            0.02%
Ranjeev Krishana                Person having a security interest in shares         537,459   (18)
                                                                                                            0.03%
Alessandro Riva                 Beneficial owner                                    198,042(19)             0.01%
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders     Beneficial owner                                    151,931   (20)
                                                                                                            0.01%
Sharp Shalini                   Beneficial owner                                     59,124   (21)
                                                                                                           0.004%
Qingqing Yi                     Beneficial owner                                    490,763(22)             0.03%




190    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 1,540,677,809 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025, which excluded
       298,089 ordinary shares issued to the Company’s depositary in exchange for a corresponding amount of ADSs for the
       purposes of ensuring that it has ADSs readily available to satisfy the vesting of restricted share units and the exercise of
       share options from time to time. The aforementioned total number of shares includes 133,000,000 Shares held by BG
       NC 2, Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on May 21, 2025 for the benefit of the grantees for the purpose of
       satisfying outstanding equity awards granted by the Company pursuant to the 2016 Plan (as amended from time to time)
       under the available scheme mandate limit as approved by the Shareholders under Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules. As
       of December 31, 2025, 33,840,898 Shares of 133,000,000 were issued to satisfy equity awards and are considered to be
       outstanding. The remaining Shares are not considered to be outstanding under the laws of Switzerland, and therefore have
       no dilutive impact to the shareholdings of the Shareholders. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated May
       14, 2025 and Next Day Disclosure Return dated May 22, 2025 for details.


(2)    Includes (1) 4,125,634 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 14,721,503 Shares pursuant
       to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 814,323 Shares, subject to vesting conditions; and (4) Mr. Oyler’s
       entitlement to performance share units equivalent to 1,721,174 Shares at maximum, subject to achievement of the target
       based on performance.


(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.


(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ’s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(8)    These Shares are held by a trust, the beneficiaries of which include Mr. Oyler’s minor child and others, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(9)    These Shares are held by a private foundation of which Mr. Oyler and the other(s) serve as directors, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(10)   Includes (1) 4,338,143 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 5,964,265 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 244,458 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(11)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.


(12)   These Shares are held by a family trust which Dr. Wang’s family members are beneficiaries, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to
       be interested for the purpose of the SFO.




                                                      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.               •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT              191
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(13)   These Shares are held by Dr. Wang’s spouse, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(14)   Includes (1) 16,341 Shares held by Dr. Brandicourt; (2) Dr. Brandicourt’s entitlement to receive up to 84,695 Shares pursuant
       to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3)
       Dr. Brandicourt’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(15)   Includes (1) 45,955 Shares held by Dr. Dugan; (2) Dr. Dugan’s entitlement to receive up to 141,102 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Dr.
       Dugan’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(16)   Includes (1) 63,037 Shares held by Mr. Goller; (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 463,437 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Goller’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(17)   Includes (1) 37,414 Shares held by Mr. Hooper; (2) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to receive up to 203,372 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Mr.
       Hooper’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 27,326 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(18)   Includes (1) 63,037 Shares held by Mr. Krishana; (2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 463,437 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Krishana’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(19)   Includes (1) 45,955 Shares held by Dr. Riva; (2) Dr. Riva’s entitlement to receive up to 141,102 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Dr.
       Riva’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(20)   Includes (1) 46,241 Shares held by Dr. Sanders; (2) Dr. Sanders’ entitlement to receive up to 94,705 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Dr.
       Sanders’ entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(21)   Includes (1) Ms. Sharp’s entitlement to receive up to 39,988 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Ms. Sharp’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 19,136 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(22)   Includes (1) 16,341 Shares held by Mr. Yi; (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 463,437 Shares pursuant to the exercise
       of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr. Yi’s
       entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 10,985 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to
the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




192      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES


As of December 31, 2025, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                      of Shares/   Approximate
                                                                                                      underlying    percentage
Name of Shareholder                            Capacity/Nature of interest                               shares     of holding(1)


Amgen Inc.                                     Beneficial owner                                   246,269,426           15.98%
Julian C. Baker        (2)
                                               Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled            115,918,313            7.52%
                                                 corporations/Person having a security
                                                 interest in shares
Felix J. Baker   (2)
                                               Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled            115,918,313            7.52%
                                                 corporations/Person having a security
                                                 interest in shares
Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC            (2)
                                               Investment manager/Other                           115,462,653            7.49%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)                     Investment manager/Other                           115,462,653            7.49%
Baker Brothers Life                            Interest in controlled corporations/Other          105,964,286            6.88%
  Sciences Capital, L.P.           (2)


The Capital Group                              Interest in controlled corporations                    77,379,268         5.02%
  Companies, Inc.            (4)


JPMorgan Chase & Co. (5)                       Interest in controlled corporations                    14,087,760         0.91%
                                                                                                 13,725,595(S)        0.89%(S)
                                               Investment manager                                      2,226,045         0.14%
                                               Person having a security interest in shares              356,028          0.02%
                                               Trustee                                                    8,580       0.0006%
                                               Approved lending agent                             103,120,114            6.69%




                                                           BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT        193
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


Unless otherwise specified, the above Shares are long position. (S) denotes short position.


(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 1,540,677,809 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025, which excluded
      298,089 ordinary shares issued to the Company’s depositary in exchange for a corresponding amount of ADSs for the
      purposes of ensuring that it has ADSs readily available to satisfy the vesting of restricted share units and the exercise of
      share options from time to time. The aforementioned total number of shares includes 133,000,000 Shares held by BG
      NC 2, Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on May 21, 2025 for the benefit of the grantees for the purpose of
      satisfying outstanding equity awards granted by the Company pursuant to the 2016 Plan (as amended from time to time)
      under the available scheme mandate limit as approved by the Shareholders under Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules. As
      of December 31, 2025, 33,840,898 Shares of 133,000,000 were issued to satisfy equity awards and are considered to be
      outstanding. The remaining Shares are not considered to be outstanding under the laws of Switzerland, and therefore have
      no dilutive impact to the shareholdings of the Shareholders. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated May
      14, 2025 and Next Day Disclosure Return dated May 22, 2025 for details.


(2)   Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
      LLC is the general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP (“BBA”). BBA is the manager for securities held by 667, L.P. and
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P.. Also, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is the general partner of Baker Brothers
      Life Sciences, L.P. (the “Funds”). Unlisted derivatives include stock options and restricted stock received as compensation
      by two BBA employees (Michael Goller and Ranjeev Krishana) for their service on the Board of Directors and are controlled
      by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


      According to the corporate substantial shareholder notice for the date of relevant event of May 21, 2025 submitted by
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P., Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC, Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker, respectively,
      to HKEx on May 27, 2025, 104,889,368 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. directly. For the purposes of the
      SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker, Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC and BBA are deemed to be interested in the 10,289,430
      Shares held by 667, L.P. and the 104,889,368 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which
      unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest. In addition, for the purposes
      of the SFO, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 104,889,368 Shares held by Baker
      Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled
      to the pecuniary interest.


      Outside the Funds, each of Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker further interests in (in the form of ADSs) 270,868 Shares
      personally and 144,517 Shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.




194      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(3)   (i) 4,321,462 Shares are held by Capital International, Inc.; (ii) 950,666 Shares held by Capital International Limited;
      (iii) 2,039,714 Shares are held by Capital International Sarl; (iv) 69,244,988 Shares are held by Capital Research and
      Management Company; (v) 205,640 Shares are held by Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited; and (vi)
      616,798 Shares are held by Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Group International, Inc. is wholly owned by Capital Research and Management Company. Capital International,
      Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited and
      Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. are wholly owned by Capital Group International, Inc. Capital Bank and Trust
      Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. For the purposes of the SFO, Capital Research and
      Management Company and Capital Group International, Inc. are deemed to be interested in the 8,134,280 Shares held by
      Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management
      Private Limited, and Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Research and Management Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies Inc. For the purposes of
      the SFO, The Capital Group Companies Inc. is deemed to be interested in the 77,379,268 Shares held by Capital Research
      and Management Company directly and indirectly.


(4)   According to the shareholding disclosures notice regarding the relevant event dated December 31, 2025 submitted by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. to HKEx, an aggregated 119,798,527 Shares (long position), 13,725,595 Shares (short position)
      and 103,120,114 Shares (lending pool) of the Company are held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. indirectly through its certain
      subsidiaries. Among them, 357,372 Shares (long position) and 3,519,198 Shares (short position) are cash settled unlisted
      derivatives.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT             195
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE SCHEMES


The Company currently has three existing share schemes, namely the 2011 Plan, the Amended 2016 Plan and the
Amended 2018 ESPP.


Amendment of Share Schemes during the Reporting Period


In connection with the Continuation, the Company amended and restated the 2016 Plan and the 2018 ESPP as
the Fourth Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “Amended 2016 Plan”) and the Fifth
Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the “Amended 2018 ESPP”) to reflect the completion
of the Continuation. The amendments were approved by the Board on May 27, 2025. For a summary of the key
terms of the Amended 2016 Plan and the Amended 2018 ESPP, please refer to the circular of the Company dated
April 26, 2024 and the below sections.


Scheme Mandate Limit and Consultant Sublimit


83,064,175 Shares were available for grant under the scheme mandate limit as at January 1, 2025, including
20,401,260 Shares available for grant under the consultant sublimit. After grants made during the Reporting Period,
60,641,671 Shares were available for grant under the scheme mandate limit as at December 31, 2025, including
20,396,138 Shares available for grant under the consultant sublimit.


Further details regarding the movements during the Reporting Period under each share scheme are set out below.


35,263,852 new Shares, representing approximately 2.29% of the weighted average number of Shares for the
Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible
participants pursuant to all of the share schemes. For avoidance of doubt, the aforementioned figures have
not taken into account the Shares to be purchased under the 2018 ESPP pursuant to the offering period from
September 2, 2025 to February 27, 2026, as the relevant number of Shares cannot be determined until the end of
the offering period (i.e. February 27, 2026).




196    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


1.   2011 Option Plan


     The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015
     and the Board determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when
     the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan became effective.


     Purpose

     The purpose of the 2011 Plan is to enable persons providing (or expected to provide) services to the Company
     to acquire ordinary shares in the Company. Anyone having or expected to have a service relationship with
     the Company (including prospective employees or others, conditional upon their subsequent employment or
     service relationship) shall be eligible to receive Options under this Plan.


     Eligible Participants

     The Board or committee has full power to select the individuals to whom awards will be granted.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant and Issue

     The overall limit on the number of underlying Shares pursuant to the 2011 Plan is 43,560,432 Shares. Given
     that no further options have been or would be granted after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Share Option
     and Incentive Plan became effective, the outstanding number of options would be equivalent to the number
     of Shares available for issue under the 2011 Plan. As at January 1, 2025, 240,943 Shares were available for
     issue under the 2011 Plan. 240,539 new Shares were issued during the Reporting Period pursuant to the 2011
     Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2025 and as at April 3, 2026, 58 new Shares and 0 new Shares were
     available for issue under the 2011 Plan, respectively.


     Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

     Under the 2011 Plan, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of options which may be granted to a
     single eligible participant under the 2011 Plan.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.               •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT   197
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Exercise Period

      The Board or committee may fix the term of each option, up to a maximum of 10 years from the grant date,
      and determine at what time or times each option may be exercised when granting an option.


      Vesting Period

      The Board or committee may determine the vesting period of each option.


      Exercise Price

      The option exercise price of each option granted under the 2011 Plan is determined by the Board or board
      committee and may not be less than the fair market value of an ordinary share on the date of grant or the par
      value of the shares issuable thereunder. The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is
      between US$0.01 and US$1.85 per Share.


      Remaining Life of the 2011 Plan

      The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the 2011 Plan and the Board determined not to grant any
      further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
      became effective.


      Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018.




198    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Outstanding Options under the 2011 Plan

           As of December 31, 2025, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
           Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
           days inclusive). Details of the movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2025 to
           December 31, 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                                    Outstanding       Exercised         Cancelled                 Outstanding
                                                                                                          as at       during the           during Lapsed during         as at
                                                                                         Exercise    January 1,       Reporting the Reporting the Reporting December 31,
Name of grantee      Role                   Date of grant          Exercise period          price         2025           Period            Period        Period         2025


                     Directors of the Company


Xiaodong Wang        Non-executive          June 29, 2015(1)       10 years from the     US$0.50             7                —                —             7             —
                       Director                                      date of grant


                     Senior Management of the Company


Lai Wang             President, Global Head June 29, 2015(2)       10 years from the     US$0.50            11                —                —            11             —
                       of R&D                                        date of grant
                     Other grantees


In aggregate         Employees              Between May 20,        10 years from the     Between       197,411         197,041(3)              —           312            58
                                                2011 and January     date of grant       US$0.01
                                                31, 2016(2)                            to US$1.85
In aggregate         Service providers      Between May 20,        10 years from the     Between         43,514         43,498(4)              —            16             —
                                                2011 and January     date of grant       US$0.01
                                                31, 2016(2)                            to US$1.85


Total                                                                                                  240,943          240,539                 –          346            58


           Notes:


           (1)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
                  exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                  following the vest of the initial 20%.




                                                                      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                        •      2025          ANNUAL REPORT                   199
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (2)   20%/25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80%/75%
            become exercisable in 48/36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of
            each month following the vest of the initial 20%/25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon
            change in control and/or termination.


      (3)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised was ranged from US$16.96 to US$23.52. The exercise price of the
            exercised options was ranged from US$0.30 to US$1.85.


      (4)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised ranged from US$19.27 to US$20.85. The exercise price of the exercised
            options was US$0.50.


2.    Third Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (amended as the Fourth
      Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan by the Board on May 27, 2025)


      Purpose

      The purpose of the Amended 2016 Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, non-employee
      Directors and consultants of the Group upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely
      depends for the successful conduct of its businesses to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. It is
      anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification
      of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the
      Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company.


      Eligible Participants

      General Eligibility


      Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and consultants of the Group as selected
      from time to time by the administrator are eligible to participate in the Amended 2016 Plan.


      Consultant Eligibility


      To be grantees under the Amended 2016 Plan, consultants must be persons who provide services to the
      Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business (including but not limited
      to services in research, development, manufacturing, commercial, medical affairs, business development,
      strategy and operations) which are in the interests of the long-term growth of the Group. For the avoidance
      of doubt, consultants exclude placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fundraising,
      mergers or acquisitions for the Group, and also exclude professional service providers such as auditors or
      valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and objectivity for the
      Group.




200     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


To determine if a grantee is eligible to be a consultant, the administrator shall consider (i) the length (being
the period of engagement or service), recurrences and regularity of such services; (ii) the type of services
provided (such as services in research, development, manufacturing, commercial, medical affairs, business
development, strategy and operations); (iii) the expertise, professional qualifications and industry experience
of the Consultant; (iv) the quality of such services; (v) whether such services form part of or are directly
ancillary to the businesses conducted by the Group; (vi) the remuneration packages of comparable listed
peers for similar service providers based on available information in the industry; and (vii) the prevailing market
fees chargeable by other services.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

As at January 1, 2025, 83,064,175 Shares were available for grant under the 2016 Plan. During the period
from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, awards representing 33,489,950 underlying Shares were granted
under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan, of which 5,122 underlying Shares were granted to one
consultant. It follows that, as at December 31, 2025 and April 3, 2026, 60,641,671 and 61,496,603 Shares
(including 20,396,138 and 20,396,138 Shares under the consultant sublimit respectively) were available for
grant under the Amended 2016 Plan, respectively.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

As at January 1, 2025, 150,366,160 new Shares were available for issue under the 2016 Plan. During the
Reporting Period, 43,389,463 new Shares were issued pursuant to the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016
Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2025 and April 3, 2026, 189,889,648 new Shares and 187,049,564
new Shares (representing approximately 12.14% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 3,
2026) were available for issue under the Amended 2016 Plan, respectively.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Grantee

There is no specific maximum entitlement for each grantee under the Amended 2016 Plan. Unless approved
by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon the
exercise of share options or other awards granted and to be granted under the Amended 2016 Plan and any
other equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
in issue at the date of any grant.


Exercise Period

The administrator may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share option must
be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share option can be
exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of the administrator such other terms either on
a case by case basis or generally.




                                           BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          201
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      The term of each share option shall be fixed by the administrator, but no share option shall be exercisable
      more than ten years after the date the share option is granted. Any share option granted but not exercised by
      the end of its option term will automatically lapse.


      Vesting Period

      In respect of RSUs and PSUs, the administrator may determine the conditions and restrictions of grant, which
      may include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment or service with us
      through a specified vesting period.


      The administrator shall have the power and authority to determine the vesting period of any award, which
      shall not be less than 12 months, except that any award granted to employees and non-employee Directors
      may be subject to a shorter vesting period, including:


      (1)   grants of a “make whole” award to a new employee or a non-employee Director to replace awards or
            options such employee or non-employee Director forfeited when leaving his/her previous employer;


      (2)   grants of an award to an employee or a non-employee Director whose employment or appointment is
            terminated due to death or disability or occurrence of any out of control event;


      (3)   initial or annual grants of an award to a non-employee Director, the vesting of which shall occur at
            the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual general meeting of
            shareholders;


      (4)   grants of an award which is subject to the fulfilment of performance targets as determined in the
            conditions of the grant;


      (5)   grants of an award, the timing of which is determined by administrative or compliance requirements
            not connected with the performance of the relevant employee or non-employee Director, in which case
            the vesting period may be shorter to take account of the time from which the award would have been
            granted if not for such administrative or compliance requirements;


      (6)   grants of an award with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule; or


      (7)   grants of an award with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.




202     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Exercise Price

The exercise price of any share option grants under the Amended 2016 Plan shall be determined by the
administrator at the time of grant but shall not be less than the higher of (x) the fair market value of our
ordinary shares on the close of business on the date such option is granted, based on the closing price of our
ADSs on the NASDAQ, and (y) the average closing price of our ordinary shares over the preceding five trading
days, based on the closing price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ.


Consideration

No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options, RSUs and PSUs under the
Amended 2016 Plan.


Expiration of the Amended 2016 Plan

The Amended 2016 Plan will expire on April 13, 2030. The remaining life of the Amended 2016 Plan is
approximately 4 years.


Movements of the Options under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had conditionally granted options to 1,212 participants under the
2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan. All of the options under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan
were granted between February 8, 2016 and June 10, 2025 (both days inclusive). The exercise price of all
the options granted under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan is between US$0.5 and US$28.81 per
Share.




                                         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         203
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          As of January 1, 2025, 64,383,926 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016 Plan,
          and as of December 31, 2025, 48,232,653 Shares were outstanding under the Amended 2016 Plan. Details of
          the movements of the options granted during the Reporting Period were as follows:


                                                                                                                                  Number of options
                                                                                   Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                       Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                               day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee         Role              Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

                Directors of the Company

John V. Oyler Executive Director, November 16,    10 years from the    US$2.79          N/A    US$2.84   2,047,500          –          –          –          –   2,047,500
                Chairman and        2016(3)         date of grant
              Chief Executive September           10 years from the    US$6.73          N/A    US$7.70     935,000          –          –          –          –     935,000
                Officer             27,2017(3)      date of grant
                                  April 30,       10 years from the   US$13.37          N/A US$13.04       996,810          –          –          –          –     996,810
                                    2018(3)         date of grant
                                  June 26,        10 years from the   US$12.70          N/A US$12.34     1,310,088          –          –          –          –   1,310,088
                                    2018(3)         date of grant
                                  June 5,         10 years from the    US$9.25          N/A    US$9.23   2,193,282          –          –          –          –   2,193,282
                                    2019(3)         date of grant
                                  June 17,        10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42     1,821,976          –          –          –          –   1,821,976
                                    2020(3)         date of grant
                                  June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$26.53       906,906          –          –          –          –     906,906
                                    2021(3)         date of grant
                                  June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98     1,887,678          –          –          –          –   1,887,678
                                    2022(3)         date of grant
                                  June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41     1,349,907          –          –          –          –   1,349,907
                                    2023(3)         date of grant
                                  June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23       923,975          –          –          –          –     923,975
                                    2024(3)         date of grant
                                  June 10,        10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –    348,374          –          –          –     348,374
                                    2025(3)         date of grant
Xiaodong Wang Non-executive November 16,          10 years from the    US$2.79          N/A    US$2.84   1,613,430          –          –          –          –   1,613,430
                Director            2016(3)         date of grant
                                  September 27,   10 years from the    US$6.73          N/A    US$7.70     750,000          –          –          –          –     750,000
                                    2017(3)         date of grant
                                  June 26,        10 years from the   US$12.70          N/A US$12.34       655,044          –          –          –          –     655,044
                                    2018(3)         date of grant
                                  June 5,         10 years from the    US$9.25          N/A    US$9.23     747,708          –          –          –          –     747,708
                                    2019(3)         date of grant
                                  June 17,        10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42       560,599          –          –          –          –     560,599
                                    2020(3)         date of grant
                                  June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$26.53       241,839          –          –          –          –     241,839
                                    2021(3)         date of grant




204        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                         •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                               Number of options
                                                                                Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                    Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                            day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee       Role             Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

                              June 22,         10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98       471,913             –       –          –          –     471,913
                                2022(3)          date of grant
                              June 15,         10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41       327,249             –       –          –          –     327,249
                                2023(3)          date of grant
                              June 5,          10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23       410,657             –       –          –          –     410,657
                                2024(3)          date of grant
                              June 10,         10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –       185,796       –          –          –     185,796
                                2025(3)          date of grant
Anthony C.    Independent     March 3,         10 years from the   US$12.62          N/A US$12.22        21,970             –       –          –          –      21,970
  Hooper        Non-executive 2020(5)            date of grant
                Director
                              June 17,         10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42        45,383             –       –          –          –      45,383
                                2020(5)          date of grant
                              June 16,         10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$26.53        17,498             –       –          –          –      17,498
                                2021(5)          date of grant
                              June 22,         10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98        34,645             –       –          –          –      34,645
                                2022(5)          date of grant
                              June 15,         10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41        26,975             –       –          –          –      26,975
                                2023(5)          date of grant
                              June 5,          10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23        34,151             –       –          –          –      34,151
                                2024(5)          date of grant
                              May 21,          10 years from the   US$18.22          N/A US$18.19             –        22,750       –          –          –      22,750
                                2025(5)          date of grant
Olivier       Independent     February 29,     10 years from the   US$13.73          N/A US$12.74        27,794             –       –          –          –      27,794
  Brandicourt   Non-executive 2024(5)            date of grant
                Director
                              June 5,          10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23        34,151             –       –          –          –      34,151
                                2024(5)          date of grant
                              May 21,          10 years from the US$18.22            N/A US$18.19             –        22,750       –          –          –      22,750
                                2025(5)          date of grant
Margaret Han Independent      February 28,     10 years from the US$16.47            N/A US$16.22        22,581             –       –          –          –      22,581
  Dugan         Non-executive 2022(5)            date of grant
                Director
                              June 22,         10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98        34,645             –       –          –          –      34,645
                                2022(5)          date of grant
                              June 15,         10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41        26,975             –       –          –          –      26,975
                                2023(5)          date of grant




                                                                    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                          •      2025    ANNUAL REPORT                   205
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                 Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                     Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                             day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role             Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

                               June 5,          10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23        34,151          –          –          –          –      34,151
                                 2024(5)          date of grant
                               May 21,          10 years from the US$18.22            N/A US$18.19             –     22,750          –          –          –      22,750
                                 2025(5)          date of grant
Michael Goller Independent     April 19,        10 years from the US$2.84             N/A    US$2.83     199,992          –          –          –          –     199,992
                 Non-executive 2017(4)            date of grant
                 Director
                               June 6,          10 years from the   US$15.73          N/A US$16.15        17,442          –          –          –          –      17,442
                                 2018(5)          date of grant
                               June 5,          10 years from the    US$9.25          N/A    US$9.23      64,610          –          –          –          –      64,610
                                 2019(5)          date of grant
                               June 17,         10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42        45,383          –          –          –          –      45,383
                                 2020(5)          date of grant
                               June 16,         10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$25.63        17,498          –          –          –          –      17,498
                                 2021(5)          date of grant
                               June 22,         10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98        34,645          –          –          –          –      34,645
                                 2022(5)          date of grant
                               June 15,         10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41        26,975          –          –          –          –      26,975
                                 2023(5)          date of grant
                               June 5,          10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23        34,151          –          –          –          –      34,151
                                 2024(5)          date of grant
                               May 21,          10 years from the   US$18.22          N/A US$18.19             –     22,750          –          –          –      22,750
                                 2025(5)          date of grant
Ranjeev        Independent     April 19,        10 years from the    US$2.84          N/A    US$2.83     199,992          –          –          –          –     199,992
  Krishana       Non-executive 2017(4)            date of grant
                 Director
                               June 6,          10 years from the   US$15.73          N/A US$16.15        17,442          –          –          –          –      17,442
                                 2018(5)          date of grant
                               June 5,          10 years from the    US$9.25          N/A    US$9.23      64,610          –          –          –          –      64,610
                                 2019(5)          date of grant
                               June 17,         10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42        45,383          –          –          –          –      45,383
                                 2020(5)          date of grant
                               June 16,         10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$25.63        17,498          –          –          –          –      17,498
                                 2021(5)          date of grant
                               June 22,         10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98        34,645          –          –          –          –      34,645
                                 2022(5)          date of grant




206       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                        •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                 Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                     Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                             day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee         Role            Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

                                June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41        26,975            –        –          –          –      26,975
                                  2023(5)         date of grant
                                June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23        34,151            –        –          –          –      34,151
                                  2024(5)         date of grant
                                May 21,         10 years from the   US$18.22          N/A US$18.19             –       22,750        –          –          –      22,750
                                  2025(5)         date of grant
Corazon D.      Independent     August 24,      10 years from the   US$18.50          N/A US$18.26        27,482            –        –          –          –      27,482
 Sanders          Non-executive 2020(5)           date of grant
                  Director
                                June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$25.63        17,498            –        –          –          –      17,498
                                  2021(5)         date of grant
                                June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74    US$24.52 US$11.98         34,645            –   34,645          –          –           –
                                  2022(5)         date of grant
                                June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41        26,975            –        –          –          –      26,975
                                  2023(5)         date of grant
                                June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93    US$25.78 US$12.23         34,151            –   34,151          –          –           –
                                  2024(5)         date of grant
                                May 21,         10 years from the   US$18.22          N/A US$18.19             –       22,750        –          –          –      22,750
                                  2025(5)         date of grant
Alessandro      Independent     February 28,    10 years from the   US$16.47          N/A US$16.22        22,581            –        –          –          –      22,581
  Riva            Non-executive 2022(5)           date of grant
                  Director
                                June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98        34,645            –        –          –          –      34,645
                                  2022(5)         date of grant
                                June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41        26,975            –        –          –          –      26,975
                                  2023(5)         date of grant
                                June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23        34,151            –        –          –          –      34,151
                                  2024(5)         date of grant
                                May 21,         10 years from the   US$18.22          N/A US$18.19             –       22,750        –          –          –      22,750
                                  2025(5)         date of grant
Shalini Sharp   Independent     September 30,   10 years from the   US$16.80          N/A US$17.27        17,238            –        –          –          –      17,238
                  Non-executive 2024(5)           date of grant
                  Director
                                May 21,         10 years from the US$18.22            N/A US$18.19             –       22,750        –          –          –      22,750
                                  2025(5)         date of grant




                                                                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                          •     2025     ANNUAL REPORT                   207
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                    Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                        Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                                day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee         Role               Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

Qingqing Yi     Independent     April 19,          10 years from the    US$2.84          N/A    US$2.83     199,992          –          –          –          –     199,992
                  Non-executive 2017(4)              date of grant
                  Director
                                June 6,            10 years from the   US$15.73          N/A US$16.15        17,442          –          –          –          –      17,442
                                  2018(5)            date of grant
                                June 5,            10 years from the    US$9.25          N/A    US$9.23      64,610          –          –          –          –      64,610
                                  2019(5)            date of grant
                                June 17,           10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42        45,383          –          –          –          –      45,383
                                  2020(5)            date of grant
                                June 16,           10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$25.63        17,498          –          –          –          –      17,498
                                  2021(5)            date of grant
                                June 22,           10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98        34,645          –          –          –          –      34,645
                                  2022(5)            date of grant
                                June 15,           10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41        26,975          –          –          –          –      26,975
                                  2023(5)            date of grant
                                June 5,            10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23        34,151          –          –          –          –      34,151
                                  2024(5)            date of grant
                                May 21,            10 years from the   US$18.22          N/A US$18.19             –     22,750          –          –          –      22,750
                                  2025(5)            date of grant

                Senior Management of the Company

Xiaobin Wu      President, Chief April 30,         10 years from the   US$13.37    US$19.32 US$13.04        766,599          –    766,597          –          2           –
                  Operating Officer 2018(6)          date of grant
                                   June 5,         10 years from the    US$9.25    US$20.22     US$9.23     797,550          –    797,550          –          –           –
                                     2019(3)         date of grant
                                   June 17,        10 years from the   US$13.42    US$21.65 US$13.33        756,821          –    756,821          –          –           –
                                     2020(3)         date of grant
                                   June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$25.63       483,678          –          –          –          –     483,678
                                     2021(3)         date of grant
                                   June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74    US$18.47 US$11.98      1,061,814          –    751,933          –          –     309,881
                                     2022(3)         date of grant
                                   June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41       760,851          –          –          –          –     760,851
                                     2023(3)         date of grant
                                   June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93    US$21.65 US$12.23        477,386          –    119,340          –          –     358,046
                                     2024(3)         date of grant
                                   June 10,        10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –    232,245          –          –          –     232,245
                                     2025(3)         date of grant




208           BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                       •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                 Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                     Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                             day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee       Role              Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

Aaron         Chief Financial   August 9,       10 years from the   US$14.08          N/A US$14.06       220,987             –         –        –          –     220,987
  Rosenberg    Officer            2024(3)         date of grant
                                June 10,        10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –       119,873         –        –          –     119,873
                                  2025(3)         date of grant
Lai Wang      President, Global June 26,        10 years from the   US$12.70          N/A US$12.34       364,208             –         –        –          –     364,208
                Head of R&D       2018(3)         date of grant
                                June 5,         10 years from the    US$9.25          N/A    US$9.23     558,285             –         –        –          –     558,285
                                  2019(3)         date of grant
                                June 17,        10 years from the   US$13.33          N/A US$13.42       525,564             –         –        –          –     525,564
                                  2020(3)         date of grant
                                June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$26.53       332,527             –         –        –          –     332,527
                                  2021(3)         date of grant
                                June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98       707,876             –         –        –          –     707,876
                                  2022(3)         date of grant
                                June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01          N/A US$16.41       507,234             –         –        –          –     507,234
                                  2023(3)         date of grant
                                June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93          N/A US$12.23       318,253             –         –        –          –     318,253
                                  2024(3)         date of grant
                                June 10,        10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –       162,565         –        –          –     162,565
                                  2025(3)         date of grant
Chan Lee      SVP, General      August 5,       10 years from the    US$2.26    US$26.95     US$2.27     188,929             –   155,857        –          –      33,072
                Counsel           2022(3)         date of grant
                                June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01    US$26.86 US$16.41        248,950             –   148,473        –          –     100,477
                                  2023(3)         date of grant
                                June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93    US$25.00 US$12.23        184,795             –    64,129        –          –     120,666
                                  2024(3)         date of grant
                                June 10,        10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –        88,244         –        –          –      88,244
                                  2025(3)         date of grant




                                                                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                          •      2025     ANNUAL REPORT                  209
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                             Number of options
                                                                              Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                  Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                          day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role            Date of grant   Exercise period   to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Service Provider July 13,       10 years from the US$2.27           N/A    US$2.29     200,000          –          –          –                200,000
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                February 29,   10 years from the US$13.73    US$22.11 US$12.74         16,380          –     16,380          –                      –
                                  2024(10)       date of grant
In Aggregate   Employees        July 13,       10 years from the US$2.27     US$19.22     US$2.29   2,137,644          – 1,917,110           –        13      220,521
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                July 22,       10 years from the US$2.13           N/A    US$2.10      19,597          –          –          –          –      19,597
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                July 22,       10 years from the US$2.13     US$22.46     US$2.10     618,065          –    372,996          –        34      245,035
                                  2016(6)        date of grant
                                July 29,       10 years from the US$2.11           N/A    US$2.02           –          –          –          –          –           –
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                October 12,    10 years from the US$2.48           N/A    US$2.42           6          –          –          –          –          6
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                October 17,    10 years from the US$2.42           N/A    US$2.55           –          –          –          –          –           –
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                November 30,   10 years from the US$2.43     US$20.91     US$2.44       1,274          –      1,274          –          –           –
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                December 9,    10 years from the US$2.07     US$22.46     US$2.09      34,099          –     34,099          –          –           –
                                  2016(3)        date of grant
                                January 3,     10 years from the US$2.34           N/A    US$2.39       7,800          –          –          –          –       7,800
                                  2017(3)        date of grant
                                January 17,    10 years from the US$2.51     US$20.91     US$2.53       8,242          –      8,242          –          –           –
                                  2017(6)        date of grant
                                February 1,    10 years from the US$2.68           N/A    US$2.77     144,989          –          –          –          –     144,989
                                  2017(3)        date of grant
                                February 6,    10 years from the US$2.76     US$22.66     US$2.76      32,201          –      6,500          –          –      25,701
                                  2017(3)        date of grant
                                February 13,   10 years from the US$2.77     US$20.71     US$2.77       1,443          –      1,443          –          –           –
                                  2017(3)        date of grant
                                March 13,      10 years from the US$3.08           N/A    US$3.02     116,701          –          –          –          –     116,701
                                  2017(3)        date of grant
                                March 20,      10 years from the US$3.04     US$17.09     US$3.04      26,910          –     26,910          –          –           –
                                  2017(3)        date of grant
                                March 31,      10 years from the US$2.81     US$23.73     US$2.82      20,800          –      6,331          –          –      14,469
                                  2017(6)        date of grant
                                April 19,      10 years from the US$2.84     US$19.44     US$2.83     199,992          –    199,992          –          –           –
                                  2017(5)        date of grant




210        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                      •      2025      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                            Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                        day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role        Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Employees   May 2,          10 years from the   US$3.13     US$21.31     US$3.12      98,904          –     34,047          –                 64,857
                             2017(6)         date of grant
                           May 3,          10 years from the   US$3.12           N/A    US$3.12      11,999          –          –          –                 11,999
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           June 1,         10 years from the   US$2.83     US$22.89     US$2.94      38,389          –     20,033          –                 18,356
                             2017(6)         date of grant
                           June 12,        10 years from the   US$2.99           N/A    US$3.00           –          –          –          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           June 14,        10 years from the   US$3.04     US$20.63     US$3.05     342,680          –    236,171          –                106,509
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           June 15,        10 years from the   US$3.05     US$20.92     US$3.04   2,252,068          –    747,357          –          –   1,504,711
                             2017(6)         date of grant
                           June 27,        10 years from the   US$3.50     US$19.14     US$3.49   2,015,416          –    957,450          –              1,057,966
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           June 29,        10 years from the   US$3.50     US$28.16     US$3.45      33,657          –     33,657          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           July 10,        10 years from the   US$5.40           N/A    US$5.45           –          –          –          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           July 17,        10 years from the   US$5.67     US$23.85     US$4.19     172,848          –    131,885          –                 40,963
                             2017(6)         date of grant
                           July 31,        10 years from the   US$5.58           N/A    US$5.42           –          –          –          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           July 31,        10 years from the   US$5.58     US$23.07     US$5.42     222,521          –    107,120          –                115,401
                             2017(6)         date of grant
                           August 1,       10 years from the   US$5.42           N/A    US$5.58           –          –          –          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           August 3,       10 years from the   US$5.45     US$23.34     US$5.51      19,994          –     19,994          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           August 7,       10 years from the   US$5.56           N/A    US$5.95           –          –          –          –                      –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           August 28,      10 years from the   US$5.29     US$22.05     US$5.28      24,167          –        416          –                 23,751
                             2017(3)         date of grant




                                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                          •   2025       ANNUAL REPORT                   211
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                            Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                        day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role        Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Employees   August 31,      10 years from the    US$5.30    US$22.68     US$5.30     138,424          –     70,135          –          –      68,289
                             2017(6)         date of grant
                           September 5,    10 years from the    US$5.78    US$24.27     US$5.68      35,009          –     26,000          –          –       9,009
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           September 18,   10 years from the    US$6.22    US$27.44     US$6.37      22,269          –     15,769          –          –       6,500
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           September 25,   10 years from the    US$6.55          N/A    US$6.56      51,493          –          –          –          –      51,493
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           September 29,   10 years from the    US$7.49          N/A    US$7.96           –          –          –          –          –           –
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           November 1,     10 years from the    US$7.10    US$17.09     US$6.84      90,194          –        195          –          –      89,999
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           November 30,    10 years from the    US$6.38    US$23.23     US$6.15      10,764          –      6,500          –          –       4,264
                             2017(3)         date of grant
                           January 5,      10 years from the    US$7.72    US$25.71     US$7.58      19,071          –     19,071          –          –           –
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           January 31,     10 years from the    US$9.52    US$22.28 US$10.44         80,017          –     28,028          –          –      51,989
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           April 30,       10 years from the   US$13.37    US$19.09 US$13.04          6,149          –      6,149          –          –           –
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           June 6,         10 years from the   US$15.73    US$19.14 US$16.15         52,299          –     34,866          –          –      17,433
                             2018(5)         date of grant
                           June 26,        10 years from the   US$12.70    US$24.67 US$12.34        512,707          –    168,220          –          –     344,487
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           June 29,        10 years from the   US$11.90    US$17.35 US$11.83         12,103          –     12,103          –          –           –
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           August 31,      10 years from the   US$13.67    US$20.39 US$13.66          6,708          –      6,708          –          –           –
                             2018(7)         date of grant
                           September 28,   10 years from the   US$13.28    US$25.82 US$13.25         65,433          –     65,433          –          –           –
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           September 28,   10 years from the   US$13.28    US$21.87 US$13.25         39,260          –     39,260          –          –           –
                             2018(8)         date of grant
                           November 30,    10 years from the   US$11.07    US$25.82 US$11.79         11,028          –     11,028          –          –           –
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           December 31,    10 years from the   US$10.53    US$22.39 US$10.79         99,216          –     62,855          –          –      36,361
                             2018(3)         date of grant
                           December 31,    10 years from the   US$10.53          N/A US$10.79             –          –          –          –          –           –
                             2018(8)         date of grant




212        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                            Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                        day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role        Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Employees   January 25,     10 years from the    US$9.62    US$22.39 US$10.44         38,649          –     38,649          –          –           –
                             2019(3)         date of grant
                           March 5,        10 years from the   US$11.68          N/A US$11.51             –          –          –          –          –           –
                             2019(3)         date of grant
                           May 10,         10 years from the    US$9.33    US$20.91 US$10.32         44,213          –     44,213          –          –           –
                             2019(3)         date of grant
                           June 5,         10 years from the    US$9.25    US$21.60     US$9.23   1,515,553          –    901,498          –       312      613,743
                             2019(3)         date of grant
                           June 5,         10 years from the    US$9.25    US$19.09     US$9.23     193,830          –    129,220          –     64,610           –
                             2019(5)         date of grant
                           August 30,      10 years from the   US$11.14    US$17.09 US$11.06         74,659          –     74,659          –          –           –
                             2019(3)         date of grant
                           March 31,       10 years from the    US$9.65    US$22.67     US$9.67     294,775          –    294,775          –          –           –
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           June 17,        10 years from the   US$13.33    US$21.45 US$13.42      1,059,630          –    608,777          –          –     450,853
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           June 17,        10 years from the   US$13.33    US$19.43 US$13.42        181,532          –     90,766          –     45,383      45,383
                             2020(5)         date of grant
                           June 30,        10 years from the   US$14.55    US$20.04 US$14.66        121,121          –    121,121          –          –           –
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           August 7,       10 years from the   US$17.24    US$22.08 US$16.99         40,248          –     28,795          –          –      11,453
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           September 30,   10 years from the   US$21.65    US$22.94 US$22.03          8,021          –      8,021          –          –           –
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           November 6,     10 years from the   US$23.08          N/A US$23.07       162,994          –          –          –     11,557     151,437
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           November 30,    10 years from the   US$21.99          N/A US$20.99             –          –          –          –          –           –
                             2020(3)         date of grant
                           January 22,     10 years from the   US$27.46          N/A US$28.81        50,258          –          –          –          –      50,258
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           February 26,    10 years from the   US$25.36          N/A US$25.81             –          –          –          –          –           –
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           March 31,       10 years from the   US$25.61    US$24.37 US$26.78        120,224          –      5,330        819     16,341      97,734
                             2021(3)         date of grant




                                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                          •   2025       ANNUAL REPORT                   213
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                            Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                        day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role        Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Employees   May 7,          10 years from the   US$24.15    US$22.08 US$24.78         84,240          –     21,294          –          –      62,946
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           May 28,         10 years from the   US$27.00          N/A US$27.58       121,485          –          –          –          –     121,485
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54    US$25.11 US$26.53      1,571,739          –     84,227     16,497    404,768   1,066,247
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           June 16,        10 years from the   US$25.54          N/A US$26.53        52,494          –          –          –     17,498      34,996
                             2021(5)         date of grant
                           June 30,        10 years from the   US$27.48          N/A US$27.28        34,073          –          –          –          –      34,073
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           August 6,       10 years from the   US$25.84    US$24.56 US$25.61         68,341          –     19,968          –          –      48,373
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           August 31,      10 years from the   US$23.22          N/A US$23.72        19,903          –          –          –      5,616      14,287
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           September 30,   10 years from the   US$27.81          N/A US$28.73        52,975          –          –        923     13,247      38,805
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           November 5,     10 years from the   US$28.38    US$24.66 US$28.08         12,077          –     12,077          –          –           –
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           November 30,    10 years from the   US$26.40    US$24.59 US$26.85         53,066          –     21,008        949      4,836      26,273
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           December 31,    10 years from the   US$21.03    US$23.74 US$20.84         16,588          –      4,147          –          –      12,441
                             2021(3)         date of grant
                           January 27,     10 years from the   US$17.27    US$20.04 US$18.61        367,432          –    182,364     45,877          –     139,191
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           February 28,    10 years from the   US$16.47    US$17.09 US$16.22        151,580          –     18,265          –          –     133,315
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           March 31,       10 years from the   US$15.85    US$27.12 US$15.46        135,694          –     61,360      3,458          –      70,876
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           May 6,          10 years from the   US$12.27    US$21.59 US$12.50         55,224          –     30,992      3,783          –      20,449
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           May 31,         10 years from the   US$10.30    US$21.54 US$10.56        119,015          –     10,868          –          –     108,147
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74    US$23.82 US$11.98      4,731,961          – 2,322,684     286,455          –   2,122,822
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           June 22,        10 years from the   US$11.74          N/A US$11.98        11,804          –          –          –          –      11,804
                             2022(9)         date of grant
                           June 30,        10 years from the   US$12.48    US$21.41 US$12.81         66,677          –     34,749      7,579          –      24,349
                             2022(3)         date of grant




214        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                            Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                        day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role        Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Employees   August 31,      10 years from the   US$12.73    US$19.44 US$13.32         22,009          –      8,645          –          –      13,364
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           September 30,   10 years from the   US$10.48    US$28.34 US$10.58         63,024          –     16,120          –          –      46,904
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           November 10,    10 years from the   US$13.56    US$20.48 US$14.52         46,176          –     26,494      2,665          –      17,017
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           November 30,    10 years from the   US$13.84    US$17.35 US$14.74         17,745          –      7,332          –          –      10,413
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           December 30,    10 years from the   US$17.22          N/A US$17.26             –          –          –          –          –           –
                             2022(3)         date of grant
                           January 25,     10 years from the   US$20.52          N/A US$20.64        23,413          –          –          –          –      23,413
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           February 28,    10 years from the   US$16.62    US$20.62 US$17.28         61,724          –     22,607          –          –      39,117
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           March 31,       10 years from the   US$16.67    US$25.27 US$16.99         33,176          –     15,054          –          –      18,122
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           May 5,          10 years from the   US$20.05          N/A US$20.06        12,831          –          –          –          –      12,831
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           May 31,         10 years from the   US$17.56    US$28.32 US$17.98         19,188          –     11,427          –          –       7,761
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           June 15,        10 years from the   US$16.01    US$21.56 US$16.41      4,978,837          – 1,368,008     543,517      2,858   3,064,454
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           June 30,        10 years from the   US$13.74    US$28.97 US$13.82         30,277          –        520          –          –      29,757
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           August 3,       10 years from the   US$14.60    US$23.29 US$16.08         66,729          –     12,922          –          –      53,807
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           August 31,      10 years from the   US$16.25          N/A US$15.97        38,168          –          –          –          –      38,168
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           September 29,   10 years from the   US$14.17    US$23.06 US$14.51        161,811          –     25,051      6,760          –     130,000
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           November 13,    10 years from the   US$15.32    US$25.74 US$15.30         24,297          –      7,852      7,020          –       9,425
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           November 30,    10 years from the   US$14.09    US$20.97 US$14.38         10,582          –      4,095      6,487          –           –
                             2023(3)         date of grant




                                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                          •   2025       ANNUAL REPORT                   215
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                            Price on             Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on day prior      Exercise        as at during the during the during the during the     as at
Name of                                                        day prior to exercise     (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December
grantee        Role        Date of grant   Exercise period     to grant(1)    date(2)      price        2025      Period     Period     Period     Period 31, 2025

In Aggregate   Employees   December 29,    10 years from the   US$13.81          N/A US$13.87        39,195          –          –          –          –      39,195
                             2023(3)         date of grant
                           January 24,     10 years from the   US$12.48    US$22.70 US$12.40         37,492          –     16,081          –          –      21,411
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           February 29,    10 years from the   US$13.73    US$20.48 US$12.74         12,012          –      5,226          –          –       6,786
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           March 28,       10 years from the   US$11.93    US$22.57 US$12.03         74,464          –      7,631          –          –      66,833
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           May 10,         10 years from the   US$12.97    US$27.99 US$12.59        155,792          –     52,312     17,277          –      86,203
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           May 31,         10 years from the   US$11.87    US$22.90 US$11.81        145,340          –     51,415          –          –      93,925
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93    US$20.48 US$12.23      4,629,053          –    469,859    632,736          –   3,526,458
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           June 5,         10 years from the   US$11.93    US$19.44 US$12.23         34,151          –     34,151          –          –           –
                             2024(5)         date of grant
                           June 28,        10 years from the   US$11.20          N/A US$11.67        22,880          –          –          –          –      22,880
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           August 9,       10 years from the   US$14.08    US$22.57 US$14.06         75,868          –     16,770          –          –      59,098
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           August 30,      10 years from the   US$15.24    US$25.55 US$15.26         48,802          –      4,030     22,828          –      21,944
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           September 30,   10 years from the   US$16.80    US$28.22 US$17.27        278,031          –     30,251          –          –     247,780
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           November 14,    10 years from the   US$15.03    US$28.34 US$15.48         47,164          –      2,587          –          –      44,577
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           November 29,    10 years from the   US$15.86          N/A US$16.54        67,951          –          –          –          –      67,951
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           December 31,    10 years from the   US$14.14          N/A US$14.21        29,523          –          –          –          –      29,523
                             2024(3)         date of grant
                           January 24,     10 years from the   US$17.10          N/A US$17.08             –    117,949          –          –          –     117,949
                             2025(3)         date of grant
                           March 3,        10 years from the   US$20.91          N/A US$20.42             –     14,365          –          –          –      14,365
                             2025(3)         date of grant
                           May 30,         10 years from the   US$18.98          N/A US$18.89             –    274,820          –          –          –     274,820
                             2025            date of grant
                           June 10,        10 years from the   US$20.29          N/A US$20.26             –    778,518          –     18,577          –     759,941
                             2025(3)         date of grant


Total                                                                                            64,383,926 2,527,499 16,467,490 1,624,207      587,075 48,232,653




216        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
       to the grant date.


(2)    The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
       day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


(3)    25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
       anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
       relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
       installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
       25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


(4)    One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


(5)    100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
       next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or
       termination.


(6)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
       exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
       following the vest of the initial 20%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control
       and/or termination.


(7)    The options become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, beginning on the last day of the first month after
       grant.


(8)    The options become exercisable upon satisfaction of specified performance targets, including certain financial targets
       and management targets as set out in the relevant grant letters.


(9)    50% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 50% become
       exercisable in 12 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
       following the vest of the initial 50%.


(10)   100% of the options shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
       relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT             217
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Further details of the outstanding options granted under the 2016 Plan and Amended 2016 Plan during the
Reporting Period are as follows:


                                  Number of                                                               Closing price
                             options granted                                                              of the Shares     Fair value of
                                  during the                       Vesting/     Exercise                   immediately     the options at
                                  Reporting                        Exercise        price   Performance      before the        the date of
Name                                 Period        Date of grant    period         (US$)        targets          grant            grant(3)


Directors


John V. Oyler                       348,374        June 10, 2025         (1)   US$20.26              –       US$20.29      US$3,749,967
Xiaodong Wang                       185,796        June 10, 2025         (1)   US$20.26              –       US$20.29      US$1,999,945
Anthony C. Hooper                    22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Olivier Brandicourt                  22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Margaret Han Dugan                   22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Michael Goller                       22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Ranjeev Krishana                     22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Corazon D. Sanders                   22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Alessandro Riva                      22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Shalini Sharp                        22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950
Qingqing Yi                          22,750        May 21, 2025          (2)   US$18.19              –       US$18.22       US$199,950


Senior Managements


Xiaobin Wu                          232,245        June 10, 2025         (1)   US$20.26              –       US$20.29      US$2,499,932
Aaron Rosenberg                     119,873        June 10, 2025         (1)   US$20.26              –       US$20.29      US$1,290,337
Lai Wang                            162,565        June 10, 2025         (1)   US$20.26              –       US$20.29      US$1,749,882
Chan Lee                             88,244        June 10, 2025         (1)   US$20.26              –       US$20.29       US$949,867


Other grantees by category


Employee Participants
In aggregate                      1,185,652 January 24, 2025 –           (1)   US$17.08-             –      US$17.10- US$12,340,879
                                                   June 10, 2025               US$20.42                      US$20.91




Total                             2,527,499                                                                               US$26,380,365




218         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.               •     2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first anniversary
      of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service relationship with the
      Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall
      become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial 25%. Certain options may be subject to
      accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination. The exercise period for the options is 10 years from the date
      of grant.


(2)   100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next
      annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.
      The exercise period for the options is 10 years from the date of grant.


(3)   The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
      preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined using the binomial method, which is calculated
      by a third party. The binomial model uses a number of variables to calculate the fair value, including the post-vesting
      forfeiture rate, the risk-free rate of interest, volatility, contractual life, etc.


(4)   100% of the options shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
      relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date. The exercise period for the options is 10 years
      from the date of grant.


Movements of RSUs and PSUs under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had conditionally granted RSUs to 20,153 participants and PSUs to 37
participants under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan. All of the RSUs and PSUs under the 2016 Plan and
the Amended 2016 Plan were granted between September 26, 2017 and December 31, 2025 (both days inclusive).




                                                    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT             219
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As of January 1, 2025, 83,668,585 Shares and 2,313,649 Shares were outstanding pursuant to RSUs and PSUs
granted under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan respectively, and as of December 31, 2025, 77,080,692
Shares and 3,934,632 Shares were outstanding pursuant to RSUs and PSUs granted under the 2016 Plan and the
Amended 2016 Plan respectively. Details of the movements of the unvested RSUs and PSUs are set out below:


                                                                                                                  Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                  Closing price
                                                                                        Outstanding    Granted       Vested Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding      on the day
                                                                        Closing price         as at during the during the during the during the           as at        prior to
                                                             Vesting     on day prior    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,          vesting date
Name of grantee    Role                    Date of grant     period      to the grant         2025      Period       Period     Period      Period        2025 during 2025(1)


                   Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler      Executive Director,    June 16, 2021           (6)      US$25.54          36,582          –       36,582          –                       –       US$20.74
                     Chairman and         June 22, 2022           (6)      US$11.74        167,011           –       83,499          –                  83,512       US$19.00
                   Chief Executive Officer June 15, 2023          (6)      US$16.01        266,734           –       88,907          –                 177,827       US$20.74
                                              June 5, 2024        (6)      US$11.93        490,464           –      122,616          –                 367,848       US$19.87
                                              June 5, 2024        (9)      US$11.93        528,060           –            –          –                 528,060               –
                                          June 10, 2025           (6)      US$20.29               –    185,055            –          –                 185,055               –
                                          June 10, 2025           (9)      US$20.29               – 370,123(10)           –          –                 370,123               –
Xiaodong Wang      Non-executive Director June 16, 2021           (6)      US$25.54           9,750          –        9,750          –                       –       US$20.74
                                          June 22, 2022           (6)      US$11.74          41,769          –       20,865          –                  20,904       US$19.00
                                          June 15, 2023           (6)      US$16.01          64,662          –       21,554          –                  43,108       US$20.74
                                              June 5, 2024        (6)      US$11.93        108,992           –       27,248          –                  81,744       US$19.87
                                          June 10, 2025           (6)      US$20.29               –     98,696            –          –                  98,696               –
Anthony C. Hooper Independent Non-        June 22, 2022           (7)      US$11.74               –          –            –          –                       –               –
                     executive Director   June 15, 2023           (7)      US$16.01          12,922          –       12,922          –                       –       US$23.44
                                              June 5, 2024        (7)      US$11.93          16,341          –            –          –                  16,341               –
                                           May 21, 2025           (7)      US$18.22               –     10,985            –          –                  10,985               –
Olivier Brandicourt Independent Non-          June 5, 2024        (7)      US$11.93          16,341          –       16,341          –                       –       US$18.22
                     executive Director    May 21, 2025           (7)      US$18.22               –     10,985            –          –                  10,985               –
Margaret Han Dugan Independent Non-       June 15, 2023           (7)      US$16.01               –          –            –          –                       –               –
                     executive Director       June 5, 2024        (7)      US$11.93          16,341          –       16,341          –                       –       US$18.22
                                           May 21, 2025           (7)      US$18.22               –     10,985            –          –                  10,985               –
Michael Goller     Independent Non-       June 15, 2023           (7)      US$16.01               –          –            –          –                       –               –
                     executive Director       June 5, 2024        (7)      US$11.93          16,341          –       16,341          –                       –       US$18.22
                                           May 21, 2025           (7)      US$18.22               –     10,985            –          –                  10,985               –




220         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                         •      2025         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                              Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                              Closing price
                                                                                      Outstanding   Granted      Vested Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding      on the day
                                                                      Closing price         as at during the during the during the during the         as at        prior to
                                                           Vesting     on day prior    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,        vesting date
Name of grantee    Role                    Date of grant   period      to the grant         2025     Period      Period     Period      Period        2025 during 2025(1)


Ranjeev Krishana   Independent Non-       June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01               –         –            –          –                      –               –
                     executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93          16,341         –      16,341           –                      –       US$18.22
                                           May 21, 2025         (7)      US$18.22               –    10,985            –          –                 10,985               –
Corazon D. Sanders Independent Non-
                     executive Director   June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01               –         –            –          –                      –               –
                                           June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93          16,341         –      16,341           –                      –       US$18.22
                                           May 21, 2025         (7)      US$18.22               –    10,985            –          –                 10,985               –
Alessandro Riva    Independent Non-       June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01               –         –            –          –                      –               –
                     executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93          16,341         –      16,341           –                      –       US$18.22
                                           May 21, 2025         (7)      US$18.22               –    10,985            –          –                 10,985               –
Shalini Sharp      Independent Non-       September 30,         (7)      US$16.80           8,151         –            –          –                  8,151               –
                     executive Director            2024
                                           May 21, 2025         (7)      US$18.22               –    10,985            –          –                  10,985              –
Qingqing Yi        Independent Non-       June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01               –         –            –          –                      –               –
                     executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93          16,341         –      16,341           –                      –       US$18.22
                                           May 21, 2025         (7)      US$18.22               –    10,985            –          –                 10,985               –




                                                                       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                        •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT                 221
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                  Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                      Closing
                                                                                                                                                                  price on the
                                                                      Closing price Outstanding     Granted          Vested Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding    day prior to
                                                                           on day          as at during the during the during the during the              as at   vesting date
                                                           Vesting         prior to   January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,                  during
Name of grantee   Role                Date of grant        period        the grant         2025       Period         Period     Period      Period        2025         2025(1)


                  Senior Management of the Company


Xiaobin Wu        President, Chief    June 17, 2020             (6)      US$13.33              –            –             –          –                       –              –
                    Operating Officer June 16, 2021             (6)      US$25.54        19,500             –        19,500          –                       –      US$20.74
                                      June 22, 2022             (6)      US$11.74        93,938             –        46,969          –                  46,969      US$19.00
                                      June 15, 2023             (6)      US$16.01       150,345             –        50,102          –                 100,243      US$20.74
                                      June 5, 2024              (6)      US$11.93       253,409             –        63,349          –                 190,060      US$19.87
                                      June 5, 2024             (11)      US$11.93       272,831             –             –          –                 272,831              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (6)      US$20.29              –    123,370               –          –                 123,370              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (9)      US$20.29              – 246,753   (10)
                                                                                                                          –          –                 246,753              –
Aaron Rosenberg   Chief Financial     August 9, 2024            (6)      US$14.08       118,547             –        29,627          –                  88,920      US$22.65
                    Officer           August 9, 2024           (11)      US$14.08     127,621(10)           –             –          –                 127,621              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (6)      US$20.29              –      63,674              –          –                  63,674              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (9)      US$20.29              – 127,361(10)              –          –                 127,361              –
Lai Wang          President, Global   June 17, 2020             (6)      US$13.33              –            –             –          –                       –              –
                    Head of R&D       June 16, 2021             (6)      US$25.54        13,416             –        13,416          –                       –      US$20.74
                                      June 22, 2022             (6)      US$11.74        62,647             –        31,304          –                  31,343      US$19.00
                                      June 15, 2023             (6)      US$16.01       100,230             –        33,397          –                  66,833      US$20.74
                                      June 5, 2024              (6)      US$11.93       168,935             –        42,224          –                 126,711      US$19.87
                                      June 5, 2024             (11)      US$11.93       181,883             –             –          –                 181,883              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (6)      US$20.29              –     86,359               –          –                  86,359              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (9)      US$20.29              – 172,718(10)              –          –                 172,718              –
                                      December 31,              (6)      US$23.44              –    427,895               –          –                 427,895              –
                                        2025
Chan Lee          SVP, General        July 29, 2022             (6)      US$13.45        58,006             –        29,003          –                  29,003      US$22.65
                    Counsel           June 15, 2023             (6)      US$16.01        49,192             –        16,393          –                  32,799      US$20.74
                                      June 5, 2024              (6)      US$11.93        98,085             –        24,518          –                  73,567      US$19.87
                                      June 5, 2024             (11)      US$11.93       105,599             –             –          –                 105,599              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (6)      US$20.29              –     46,878               –          –                  46,878              –
                                      June 10, 2025             (9)      US$20.29              –    93,756(10)            –          –                  93,756              –




222          BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                      •      2025        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                    Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                        Closing
                                                                                                                                                                    price on the
                                                                       Closing price Outstanding    Granted            Vested Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding    day prior to
                                                                            on day          as at during the during the during the during the               as at   vesting date
                                                            Vesting         prior to   January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,                   during
Name of grantee   Role                Date of grant         period        the grant         2025     Period            Period      Period     Period        2025         2025(1)


                  Other Grantees


In Aggregate      Employees           Between January 31,        (6)      US$18.55      2,371,850             – 2,248,129         123,721                       –             (2)
                    of the Group        2018 to December
                                        31, 2021


                                      Between January 1,         (6)      US$12.28     13,992,303             – 6,613,165 1,212,510                     6,166,628             (3)
                                        2022 to December
                                        31, 2022
                                      Between January 1,         (6)      US$15.62     21,240,700             – 6,686,459 2,037,178                    12,517,063             (4)
                                        2023 to December
                                        29, 2023
                                      Between January 1,         (6)      US$12.21     43,523,441             – 10,413,338 3,835,871                   29,274,232             (5)
                                        2024 to December
                                        31, 2024
                                      June 5, 2024              (11)      US$11.93      1,097,655             –              –    235,339                862,316              –
                                      Between January 1,         (6)      US$12.21             – 27,950,481             6,474 1,543,035                26,400,972             (5)
                                        2025 to December
                                        31, 2025
                                      June 10, 2025             (11)      US$11.93             – 827,190(10)                 –     19,734                807,456              –
                                      September 30, 2025        (11)      US$11.93              –   38,155   (10)
                                                                                                                             –          –                 38,155              –
In Aggregate      Service Providers
                                      Between January 1,         (8)      US$13.81              –             –              –          –                       –
                                        2023 to December
                                        31, 2023
                                      Between January 1,        (12)      US$13.73        16,276              –        16,276           –                       –
                                        2024 to December
                                        31, 2024
                                      Between January 1,        (12)      US$13.73              –     5,122                  –          –                   5,122
                                        2025 to December
                                        31, 2025


Total                                                                                  85,982,234 30,962,451 26,921,973 9,007,388                      81,015,324




                                                                        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                             •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT                223
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Notes:


      (1)    The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
             day immediately prior to the date which the RSUs were vested.


      (2)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$17.45 to US$21.41.


      (3)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$17.45 to US$21.41.


      (4)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$17.45 to US$21.41.


      (5)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$17.45 to US$21.41.


      (6)    25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee
             remained in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided,
             however, that certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment,
             if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.


      (7)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual
             general meeting. Certain RSUs may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


      (8)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
             relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying
             Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in such
             grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.


      (9)    The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the
             third year is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however,
             that upon a termination without cause or for good reason as defined in the grantee’s employment agreement, the
             PSUs with completed performance periods shall become vested and paid out based on actual performance while the
             awards for incomplete years will be paid out at target as if he had remained employed for an additional 20 months;
             provided further that the PSUs shall become fully vested for underlying shares upon a change in control of the
             Company or death or disability pursuant to the same formula.


      (10)   The stated number is upon maximum target vesting of 100%. The relevant performance metric used is yearly total
             revenue, with potential payout of 0-200% of target based on performance versus pre-set revenue goals for each of
             three equally-weighted one-year periods.


      (11)   The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the third
             year is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however, that
             the PSUs are subject to accelerated vesting upon termination and/or a change in control.


      (12)   100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
             relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date.




224     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Further details of the unvested RSUs and PSUs granted during the Reporting Period are as follows:


                                 Number of
                             RSUs and PSUs                                                                                     Fair value of
                              granted during                                                            Closing price      RSUs and PSUs
                               the Reporting                                           Performance     on day prior to        at the date of
Name                                 Period         Date of grant   Vesting period          targets         the grant                grant(3)


Directors
John V. Oyler                       185,055        June 10, 2025                (1)              –          US$20.29         US$3,749,784
                                    370,123        June 10, 2025                (5)              (6)        US$20.29         US$7,499,831
Xiaodong Wang                        98,696        June 10, 2025                (1)              –          US$20.29         US$1,999,885
Anthony C. Hooper                    10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Olivier Brandicourt                  10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Margaret Han Dugan                   10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Michael Goller                       10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Ranjeev Krishana                     10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Corazon D. Sanders                   10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Alessandro Riva                      10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Shalini Sharp                        10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834
Qingqing Yi                          10,985         May 21, 2025                (2)              –          US$18.22           US$199,834


Senior Management
Xiaobin Wu                          123,370        June 10, 2025                (1)              –          US$20.29         US$2,499,856
                                    246,753        June 10, 2025                (5)              (6)        US$20.29         US$4,999,975
Chan Lee                             46,878        June 10, 2025                (1)              –          US$20.29           US$949,893
                                     93,756        June 10, 2025                (5)              (6)        US$20.29         US$1,899,785
Aaron Rosenberg                      63,674        June 10, 2025                (1)              –          US$20.29         US$1,290,231
                                    127,361        June 10, 2025                (5)              (6)        US$20.29         US$2,580,726
Lai Wang                             86,359        June 10, 2025                (1)              –          US$20.29         US$1,749,899
                                    172,718        June 10, 2025                (5)              (6)        US$20.29         US$3,499,798
                                    427,895    December 31,2025                 (2)              –          US$23.44         US$9,999,906


Other grantees by category


Employee Participants            27,950,481    January 24, 2025 –               (1)              –          US$19.93     US$567,631,293.83
In aggregate                                   December 31, 2025
                                    827,190        June 10, 2025                (7)              (6)        US$20.29        US$16,761,415


Total                            30,919,174                                                                              US$628,910,782.83




                                                    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                •     2025      ANNUAL REPORT                 225
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)   25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee remained
      in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that
      certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set
      forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.


(2)   100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual general
      meeting. Certain RSUs may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


(3)   The fair values of the RSUs are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing
      the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs
      on NASDAQ on the date of grant.


(4)   100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
      relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying Shares
      shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s
      employment agreement or offer letter.


(5)   The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the third year
      is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however, that upon a
      termination without cause or for good reason as defined in the grantee’s employment agreement, the PSUs with completed
      performance periods shall become vested and paid out based on actual performance while the awards for incomplete years
      will be paid out at target as if he had remained employed for an additional 20 months; provided further that the PSUs shall
      become fully vested for underlying shares upon a change in control of the Company or death or disability pursuant to the
      same formula.


(6)   The relevant performance metric used is yearly total revenue, with potential payout of 0-200% of target based on
      performance versus pre-set revenue goals for each of three equally-weighted one-year periods.


(7)   The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the third year
      is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however, that the PSUs
      are subject to accelerated vesting upon termination and/or a change in control.




226      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.   Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (amended as the Fifth Amended
     and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan by the Board on May 27, 2025)


     Purpose

     The Amended 2018 ESPP is to provide the participants with opportunities to purchase shares either in the
     form of ordinary shares or ADSs.


     The Amended 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at
     a 15% discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at
     the end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.


     The Amended 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has
     the authority to interpret the provisions of the Amended 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations
     necessary or advisable in administering it.


     Eligible Participants, Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant, Vesting and Exercise Period

     All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who are employed as of the first day of the
     applicable offering and have been employed as of the commencement of the enrollment period for such
     offering are eligible to participate in the Amended 2018 ESPP, other than employees who would own 5% or
     more of the voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to purchase Shares under the Amended
     2018 ESPP.


     To participate in the Amended 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount
     not less than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation,
     including regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our
     Compensation Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards,
     allowances and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or
     gain on the exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT             227
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
      and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
      open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. For the purpose of disclosure in this interim
      report, such offering period is considered to be the vesting period. Any option granted but not exercised by
      the end of an offering will automatically lapse.


      An eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the Amended 2018 ESPP, following which the
      Company will refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full. Partial withdrawals are not
      permitted.


      Purchase Price and Basis of Determination

      Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the
      first local business day of the offering period or the last local business day of the offering period, whichever is
      lower.


      Accordingly, the number of Shares purchased can only be determined after the end of offering period subject
      to the determination of the purchase price. If the number of unsold Shares that are available for purchase
      under the Amended 2018 ESPP is insufficient to permit exercise of all rights deemed exercised by all
      participating employees, a participation adjustment will be made, and the number of Shares purchasable by
      all participating employees will be reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a participating employee’s
      account after such exercise are refunded to the employee, without interest.


      If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
      the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
      the employee.


      In the event of a capitalization issue, rights issue, subdivision of shares, share split, consolidation of shares,
      reverse share split, or reduction of the share capital of the Company affecting the Shares, the number of
      Shares that may be purchased under the Amended 2018 ESPP shall be equitably or proportionately adjusted
      to give proper effect to such event. Any such adjustment will be made in accordance with Rule 17.03(13)
      of the HK Listing Rules. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will be assumed or an
      equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or substituted, the
      offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by setting a new
      exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.




228    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

As at January 1, 2025, 4,953,682 Shares were available for grant under the 2018 ESPP. The aforementioned
figure had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which commenced from
September 1, 2024 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at January 1, 2025. During
the Reporting Period, 1,773,902 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees pursuant
to the 2018 ESPP. It follows that, as at December 31, 2025 and April 3, 2026, 3,179,780 and 2,438,481
Shares were available for grant under the Amended 2018 ESPP, respectively. The aforementioned figure as
at December 31, 2025 had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which
commenced from September 2, 2025 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at
December 31, 2025.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

As at January 1, 2025, 4,953,682 new Shares were available for purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP.
During the Reporting Period, 1,773,902 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees
pursuant to the 2018 ESPP following the end of the offering periods which commenced on September 3,
2024 and March 3, 2025. It follows that, as at December 31, 2025 and April 3, 2026, 3,179,780 and 2,438,481
Shares (being approximately 0.16% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 3, 2026) were
available for purchase and issue under the Amended 2018 ESPP, respectively.


Remaining Life of the Amended 2018 ESPP

The Amended 2018 ESPP shall remain in effect until December 7, 2028 unless terminated earlier by the
Board. The remaining life of the Amended 2018 ESPP is approximately 2.5 years.


Grants under the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP

3,356 and 3,932 eligible employees (including senior management members) participated in the 2018 ESPP
and the Amended 2018 ESPP during the offering periods which commenced on September 3, 2024 and
March 3, 2025.




                                        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT        229
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Details of the grants under the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP are as follows:


                                                                                                     Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                           deduction
                                                                               Purchase price     amounts authorized
                                                                              in respect of the        by the eligible
                                                                             Shares purchased       employees at the
                                                                              at the end of the      beginning of the
                                                                                offering period       offering period
                                                                                        which                   which               Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                                    commenced on          commenced on                purchased during
                             First day of                        Vesting/        September 3,          September 3,           the Reporting Period
Name                         offering period               Offering period         2024 (US$)        2024 (US$) Note (1)                (US$) Note (2)


Senior Management


Xiaobin Wu                   September 3, 2024                  6 months             US$12.31          US$10,623.30                 US$10,561.39
                                                                                                                                 (equivalent to 858
                                                                                                                           Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                               on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                      of US$12.31)
Other grantees by category


Employee Participants        September 3, 2024                  6 months             US$12.31         US$11,918,112             US$11,749,704.99
                                                                                                                             (equivalent to 954,538
                                                                                                                           Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                               on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                      of US$12.31)


Total                                                                                                                           US$11,760,266.38




230      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


1.   The closing price of the Shares immediately before September 3, 2024 is US$14.75 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$115.01), and the fair value of the Shares at the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$14,092,091
     (equivalent to approximately HK$109,879,979). There are no performance targets attached to the participation in the
     2018 ESPP for the offering period which commenced on September 3, 2024.


2.   During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at
     the beginning of the offering period which commenced on September 3, 2024 and taking into account any eligible
     employees who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP during such offering period, such relevant amounts of authorized
     payroll reduction were used to purchase an aggregate of 955,396 Shares at the purchase price of US$12.31 at the
     end of the offering period (i.e. February 28, 2025). The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately
     before the end of the offering period (i.e. February 28, 2025) is US$20.91 (equivalent to approximately HK$162.58),
     and the fair value of the total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$19,975,126 (equivalent to
     approximately HK$155,310,400).


3.   The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced
     on September 3, 2024 is US$11,928,735 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is
     955,396.


4.   As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will refund
     such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible
     employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such final amount of payroll deduction
     authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as practicable after the end of each
     offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end of each offering period.




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT             231
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                     Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                           deduction
                                                                               Purchase price     amounts authorized
                                                                              in respect of the        by the eligible
                                                                             Shares purchased       employees at the
                                                                              at the end of the      beginning of the
                                                                                offering period       offering period
                                                                                        which                   which               Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                                    commenced on          commenced on               purchased during
                             First day of                        Vesting/             March 3,               March 3,               the Reporting
Name                         offering period               Offering period         2025 (US$)        2025 (US$) Note (1)        Period (US$) Note (2)


Senior Management


Xiaobin Wu                   March 3, 2025                      6 months             US$16.05          US$10,435.03                 US$10,435.03
                                                                                                                                 (equivalent to 650
                                                                                                                           Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                               on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                      of US$16.05)
Other grantees by category


Employee Participants        March 3, 2025                      6 months             US$16.05      US$13,439,089.76             US$13,129,765.28
                                                                                                                             (equivalent to 817,856
                                                                                                                           Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                               on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                      of US$16.05)


Total                                                                                                                           US$13,140,200.31




232      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


1.   The closing price of the Shares immediately before March 3, 2025 is US$20.91 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$162.66), and the fair value of the Shares at the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$15,459,059.86
     (equivalent to approximately HK$120,271,485.71). There are no performance targets attached to the participation in
     the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP for the offering period which commenced on March 3, 2025.


2.   During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at the
     beginning of the offering period which commenced on March 3, 2025 and taking into account any eligible employees
     who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP during such offering period, such relevant amounts
     of authorized payroll reduction were used to purchase an aggregate of 818,506 Shares at the purchase price of
     US$16.05 at the end of the offering period (i.e. August 29, 2025). The weighted average closing price of the Shares
     immediately before the end of the offering period (i.e. August 29, 2025) is US$23.54 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$183.16), and the fair value of the total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$19,269,520.10 (equivalent
     to approximately HK$149,916,866.38).


3.   The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced
     on March 3, 2025 is US$13,449,524.79 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is
     818,506.


4.   As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP, following
     which the Company will refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll
     deduction authorized by eligible employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such
     final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as
     practicable after the end of each offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end
     of each offering period.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT              233
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS


There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Cayman Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that
would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


As of the effectiveness of the Continuation whereupon Swiss law became applicable, prior approval of a general
meeting of shareholders is generally required to authorize the issuance, or authorize the Board of Directors for the
later issuance, of shares or rights to subscribe for or convert into shares (which rights may be connected to debt
instruments or other financial obligations). Existing shareholders have pre-emptive subscription rights regarding
such shares or rights, in proportion to the respective par values of their shareholdings.


In the event of an issuance of shares in connection with a share capital increase within the capital band, our Swiss
Articles allow for the Board to (i) determine the conditions for the exercise of pre-emptive subscription rights,
(ii) permit, restrict, or exclude the trading of pre-emptive subscription rights, (iii) permit the lapse of pre-emptive
subscription rights that have not been duly exercised, (iv) place pre-emptive subscription rights or underlying shares
at market conditions, or (v) otherwise use pre-emptive subscription rights or underlying shares in the interests of the
Company.


Shareholders may, with the affirmative vote of shareholders holding two-thirds of the voting rights and a majority
of the par value of the shares represented at the general meeting, withdraw or limit their pre-emptive subscription
rights for valid reasons, such as a merger, an acquisition, or any of the following reasons authorizing the Board of
Directors to withdraw or limit the pre-emptive subscription rights of shareholders in the context of the capital band
as described in our Swiss Articles:


•     If the issue price of the new shares is determined by reference to the market price;


•     For raising equity capital in a fast and flexible manner, which would not be possible or would only be possible
      with great difficulty, or at significantly less favorable conditions, without the exclusion of pre-emptive
      subscription rights;


•     (1) For the acquisition by the Company or any of its group companies of enterprises, part(s) of enterprises
      or participations therein, products, or intellectual property or licenses, or for investment projects, (2) in
      connection with collaborations with third parties, including for development and commercialization of
      products, or (3) for the financing or refinancing of any such transactions through a placement of shares;


•     For purposes of expanding the Company’s shareholder base in certain financial or investor markets, including
      to allow for the participation of strategic partners, including financial investors;




234    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•    In connection with the listing of new shares or ADSs on domestic or foreign stock exchanges;


•    For granting an over-allotment option of up to 15% of the total number of shares in a placement or sale of
     new shares to the respective initial purchaser(s) or underwriter(s);


•    For the participation of Board members, executive management members, employees, contractors,
     consultants, or other persons performing services for the benefit of the Company or any of its group
     companies; or


•    Following a shareholder or group of shareholders acting in concert having accumulated shareholdings
     in excess of 15% of the share capital without having submitted to all other shareholders a takeover offer
     recommended by the Board, or for the defense of an actual, threatened, or potential takeover bid in
     relation to which the Board, upon consultation with an independent financial advisor retained by it, has not
     recommended the shareholders to accept, as the Board has not found the takeover bid to be financially fair to
     the shareholders.


Pursuant to our Swiss Articles, pre-emptive subscription rights are excluded when new shares of the Company are
issued in connection with conditional share capital for employee participation, upon exercise of rights or obligations
to acquire shares granted to or imposed on members of the Board, the executive management team, employees,
contractors, consultants of, or other persons providing services to the Company or any of its group companies.
Our Swiss Articles further authorizes the Board to limit or withdraw pre-emptive subscription rights in connection
with the issuance of bonds, notes, loans, options, warrants, or other securities or contractual obligations of the
Company or any of its group companies, which are exchangeable, convertible, or exercisable for Company shares.
Upon the exchange, conversion, or exercise of such instruments and the resulting issuance of Company shares,
shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights are withdrawn.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION


The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          235
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES


On May 21, 2025, the Company issued 133,000,000 shares to BG NC 2, Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, for the purpose of satisfying outstanding equity awards granted by the Company pursuant to the
Amended 2016 Plan (as amended from time to time) under the available scheme mandate limit as approved by
the Shareholders. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated May 14, 2025 and Next Day
Disclosure Return dated May 22, 2025.


Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased,
sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury shares (as defined under the
HK Listing Rules)).


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. As of the date of this
annual report, the Audit Committee consists of four independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Shalini
Sharp, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Ms. Shalini Sharp,
being the chair of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the
HK Listing Rules. Effective as of March 1, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp has been appointed as the Chair of the Audit
Committee. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee but remains a member of
the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2025. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the
external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HK LISTING RULES


The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the HK Listing
Rules.


PUBLIC FLOAT


As at April 3, 2026 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of
the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the HKEx.




236      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDITORS


With effect from the Continuation becoming effective, Ernst & Young AG, Switzerland has been appointed as
the Swiss statutory auditor of the Company (for Swiss legal purposes) to hold office until the next annual general
meeting of the Company, to provide audit services in accordance with the requirements under Swiss law, including
in connection with the Continuation.


Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in auditors in any of the preceding three years.


The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting, United States financial
reporting and PRC financial reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP and Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP, respectively. We will ask shareholders to ratify the appointments of Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young
LLP and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP as our independent auditors and re-elect Ernst & Young AG as our statutory
auditor at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of the Company.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 3, 2026




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         237
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2025.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES


The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to the Company’s shareholders.


The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has applied the principles in the Corporate Governance Code as set out
in Appendix C1 to the HK Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) which are applicable to the Company
and complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code save for the following deviations.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected
to comply with, but may choose to deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and
the Chief Executive Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not
have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles.
Our Board believes that Mr. John V. Oyler is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus
of the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board also believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective
execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. Our
Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a
time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Company as a whole. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure
of the Company based upon its view of what is in the best interest of the Company. Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles or if the
Chairman does not otherwise qualify as independent, the independent Directors may elect a lead director. Mr.
Ranjeev Krishana, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, currently serves as the lead director.
The Board believes our current Board leadership structure will help ensure continuity of strong and effective
leadership. The lead director has responsibilities that are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
including presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of
the independent directors; consulting with management regarding Board meeting schedules, locations, agendas
and materials; and calling meetings of the independent and non-management Directors, when appropriate.




238    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance
Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Audit Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules and the rules of the
SEC. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to monitor the integrity of our financial
statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements
and accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and review all related
party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions. As of the date of
this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Shalini
Sharp, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Ms. Shalini Sharp,
being the chair of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the
HK Listing Rules. Effective as of March 1, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp has been appointed as the Chair of the Audit
Committee. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee but remains a member of
the Audit Committee.


Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Compensation Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The
primary duties of the Compensation Committee are to annually review and make recommendations to the Board
for submission to, and ratification by, the shareholders with respect to the maximum aggregate amount of
compensation of the Board and the executive management team, evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer and review and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the terms of their compensation, and review and approve the compensation of our other executive
officers and senior management, and review and approve matters relating to incentive-based compensation
plans and equity-based plans. As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises three
independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Qingqing Yi.
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          239
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code,
except for the terms of reference required by paragraph B.3.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the
charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The
primary duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are to annually evaluate the performance
of the Board and Board’s committees, annually review the structure, size, and composition (including the skills,
knowledge, and experience) of the Board, develop and recommend to the Board criteria for board and committee
membership, recommend to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the
Board’s committees, and develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. During
the Reporting Period, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complied with Rule 3.27A of the HK
Listing Rules, except the chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee fell vacant as the result of
the passing away of Mr. Donald W. Glazer which did not meet the requirement under Rule 3.27A of the HK Listing
Rules. Effective as of January 16, 2025, the Board appointed Ms. Shalini Sharp, an independent non-executive
director of the Company, as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and appointed
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, an independent non-executive director of the Company, as the chair of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee. Upon the appointment of Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as the chair of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, the Company has re-complied with Rule 3.27A of the HK Listing Rules in
respect of the requirement regarding establishing a nomination committee chaired by the chairman of the board
or an independent non-executive director. As of the date of this annual report, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr.
Michael Goller, Dr. Alessandro Riva and Ms. Shalini Sharp. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the chair of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee.


Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code during the Reporting Period.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS


Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HK Listing Rules regarding the directors’ dealings in
the securities of the Company.


Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code, a director must not deal in any securities of the issuer without first notifying
in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board for the specific purpose and
receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing policies, the General Counsel of
the Company, has been designated as the insider trading compliance officer whom a director who intends to deal
in the Company’s securities must notify. The Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite
not being a member of the Board, is able to carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the
Company’s insider dealing policies, the terms of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model
Code.




240     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from January 1,
2025 up to the date of this annual report.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board currently comprises eleven members, consisting of one executive Director, one non-executive Director
and nine independent non-executive Directors.


During the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board
comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent non-executive Directors


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Ms. Shalini Sharp
Mr. Qingqing Yi


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT         241
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


In 2025, the Board at all times met the requirements of the HK Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their
independence as regards the factors referred to in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the Company considers all
of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS


Our Swiss Articles provide that the Company should have at least three Directors. The Board has the authority to
propose nominees for election by the general meeting of shareholders, which has the inalienable power to elect
Directors and the chair of the Board. Directors are elected by a simple majority of votes cast at the general meeting
of shareholders (whereby abstentions, broker non-votes, blank, or invalid ballots shall be disregarded for purposes
of establishing the majority). Each Director holds a term of office until the completion of the next annual general
meeting and is eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting. If the office of the chair of the Board
becomes vacant, the Board shall appoint a new chair from among its members for a term until the completion of
the next annual general meeting.


Under the Swiss Code of Obligations, Directors may resign from office at any time, with or without cause and with
immediate effect. The Board does not have authority to appoint any person to be a Director to fill a casual vacancy
arising from the resignation of a former Director or as an addition to the existing Board.


The Swiss Code of Obligations stipulates that unless each gender comprises at least 30% of the Board, our Swiss
statutory compensation report should indicate the reasons why the genders are not represented as required and
the measures taken to increase representation of the less well-represented gender.




242    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITY AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND MANAGEMENT


Pursuant to the organizational regulations of the Company (the “Organizational Regulations”), the Board is
responsible for leadership of the Company, including determining the principles of business strategy and the related
policies, the overall supervision of the group companies and the executive management team, and is collectively
responsible for directing and overseeing the Company’s affairs. To the extent that the Swiss Code of Obligations
allows delegation by the Board to executive management and such delegation is actually made by virtue of the
Organizational Regulations or by a Board resolution, the Board’s responsibility is limited to the due election,
instruction, and supervision of the executive management.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


Each Director is bound to performance standards specified in the Swiss Code of Obligations, under which a
Director must act in accordance with statutory duties, the Swiss Articles, and in the best interests of the Company.
A Director is generally disqualified from participating in a decision that directly affects him or her, must generally
safeguard the interests of the Company in good faith, adhere to a duty of loyalty and a duty of care, and absent
special circumstances, extend equal treatment to all shareholders in like circumstances. The Directors are liable
to the Company, its shareholders, and in bankruptcy to its creditors, for damage caused by any violation of their
duties. So long as the majority of the Board is disinterested and acts on an informed basis with the belief that its
actions are in the best interests of the Company, a decision made by the Board would be protected by a judicially
developed business judgment rule (based on which Swiss courts exercise restraint in reviewing business decisions
of a company’s board of directors), to the extent no special statutory duties of the Board are triggered, such as by
the Company’s overall indebtedness or liquidity situation.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.


The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement, views and input on
corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have the right to request information on the Company’s business and to inspect books of account and
documents required for performance of their duties.


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to
implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the
Company are delegated to the management.



                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          243
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company entered into indemnification agreements with each Director and executive officer that provide for
indemnification of each such director and executive officer from liability if he or she acted in good faith in the best
interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal proceeding, if he or she had no reasonable cause to
believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Indemnification is excluded if liability results from a grossly negligent
or intentional breach by a director or officer of their duties. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual
basis. If the Board or the independent counsel determines that the director or executive officer is not entitled to
indemnification, the indemnification agreements provide that such person is entitled to seek an award in arbitration
with respect to his or her right to indemnification under such agreement.


BOARD COMMITTEES


The Board has established five committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the HKEx.


Audit Committee


The Audit Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
      public accounting firms;


•     approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
      independent registered public accounting firms;


•     reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
      management responsible for preparing our financial statements;


•     reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
      annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
      practices used by us;


•     reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;


•     establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
      complaints and concerns;




244    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEx and
     SSE;


•    monitoring the quality and integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;


•    preparing the Audit Committee report;


•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions;


•    reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
     filings with the SEC, HKEx and SSE; and


•    overseeing and managing the use of proceeds from STAR Offering.


As of the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee consists of four members, namely Ms. Shalini Sharp
(appointed as the chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025), Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Mr. Anthony C.
Hooper (ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025 but remains as a member
of the Audit Committee) and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Ms. Shalini Sharp, being the chair of the Audit
Committee, Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-executive Directors
appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee held seven meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025. Individual attendance of
each committee member is set out on page 254 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things, the
Audit Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management systems
of the Group. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of
the SEC, the NASDAQ and the HKEx. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.
beonemedicines.com under “Investors – HKEx investors – Governance – Corporate Governance Information”
and the website of the HKEx. During 2025, the Audit Committee’s major work included reviewing the 2024 annual
report as well as the related results announcement, the 2025 interim report and interim results announcement,
and the 2025 quarterly financial reports, reviewing the external auditors’ plans, reports, fees, involvement in non-
audit services and their terms of engagement, and reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting
system, internal control systems and associated procedures.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT      245
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Compensation Committee


The Compensation Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     annually reviewing and recommend to the Board for approval the corporate goals and objectives relevant to
      the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer;


•     evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      in light of such corporate goals and objectives, reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval their
      compensation based on that evaluation;


•     annually reviewing and making recommendations to the Board for submission to, and ratification by, the
      shareholders with respect to the maximum aggregate amount of compensation of the Board and the executive
      management team;


•     reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers and key officers;


•     developing and implementing our overall management compensation and policy to align the interests of
      management with our shareholders’;


•     overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;


•     evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
      standards;


•     retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;


•     reviewing and approving matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans and equity-based plans;


•     reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;


•     overseeing and administering a compensation recovery policy including, without limitation, a policy designed
      to comply with any rules or regulations adopted by the SEC and NASDAQ pursuant to Section 10D of the
      Exchange Act;


•     periodically reviewing compliance of Directors and officers with the Company’s share ownership guidelines as
      may be in effect from time to time;




246    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    reviewing and discussing with management the Company’s Swiss statutory compensation report and
     recommending such report to the Board for submission to an advisory vote of the Shareholders;


•    preparing the compensation committee report; and


•    reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis.


As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev
Krishana and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee.


Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025
are set out in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management ranges from HK$25,000,001 to HK$160,000,000.


The Compensation Committee held six meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025. Individual attendance
of each committee member is set out on page 254 of this annual report. During the meetings, the Compensation
Committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on determining the
annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management. The Compensation Committee
operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beonemedicines.
com under “Investors — HKEx investors — Governance — Corporate Governance Information” and the website
of the HKEx. During 2025, the Compensation Committee’s major work included reviewing and recommending to
the Board in respect of the compensation policy and structure by benchmarking peer companies with a similar
scale to ensure that the Company’s compensation packages are competitive to recruit the best talents in the
industry and to retain key staff; reviewing and recommending to the Board on the compensation packages for
the directors; assessing performance; reviewing and approving adjustments to the compensation packages for
the senior managements; and reviewing and approving matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans
and equity-based plans (including the grants of share options and awards to employees and Directors under the
2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan and the purchase of Shares by employees under the 2018 ESPP and
the Amended 2018 ESPP, which were made and announced by the Company during the Reporting Period. In
particular, in respect of the grants of share options and RSUs to the Directors and senior management with vesting
periods which may be less than 12 months during the Reporting Period, the Compensation Committee is of the
view that such arrangement is appropriate, in line with the market practice, and aligns with the purpose of the
Independent Director Compensation Policy and the Amended 2016 Plan as the share options and RSUs aim to
retain and motivate the Directors and senior management to provide their opinion and judgment to the Company
in building the strategy and long-term development of the Company. In respect of grants of share options and
RSUs to the Directors and senior management without performance targets and grants of RSUs to the Directors
without a clawback mechanism during the Reporting Period, the Compensation Committee is of the view that such
arrangement is market competitive, consistent with the Company’s remuneration policy and aligns with the purpose
of the Amended 2016 Plan.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         247
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;


•     establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
      recommended by shareholders;


•     identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;


•     recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
      committees;


•     developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines;


•     assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


•     developing and overseeing the Company’s corporate governance framework and recommending any changes
      to the Board for approval;


•     overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management; and


•     making recommendations to the Board on succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and
      chief executive officer, and other key officers.


As of the date of this annual report, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Michael
Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (appointed as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
effective as of January 16, 2025), Dr. Alessandro Riva and Ms. Shalini Sharp (appointed as a member of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee effective as of January 16, 2025). Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the
chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.




248    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025.
Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 254 of this annual report. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is
available on our website at www.beonemedicines.com under “Investors — HKEx investors — Governance —
Corporate Governance Information” and the website of the HKEx. During 2025, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee members reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board, considered and made
recommendations to the Board on the director appointment, the re-election of the directors at the 2025 annual
general meeting and the board committee membership through acting by written consent. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee has also assessed the independence of the Directors, taking into account of the
independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the NASDAQ Listing Rules and reviewed
and monitored policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board to ensure
compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.


Scientific Advisory Committee


The Scientific Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s research and development
     plans and programs;


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
     any research or development performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs;
     and


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
     capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key scientific and technical personnel and
     the depth and breadth of the Company’s scientific resources.


The Scientific Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Scientific Advisory
Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025. Individual attendance of each committee
member is set out on page 254 of this annual report. As of the date of this annual report, the Scientific Advisory
Committee comprises Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr.
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Dr. Alessandro Riva, serve as the co-
chairs of the Scientific Advisory Committee. The Scientific Advisory Committee operates under a written charter
adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beonemedicines.com under “Investors — HKEx
investors — Governance — Corporate Governance Information” and the website of the HKEx.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         249
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s commercial strategy and plans
      and competitiveness of the Company’s commercial programs;


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s medical affairs strategy and
      plans and competitiveness of the Company’s medical affairs programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any commercial and medical affairs performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation
      programs; and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key commercial and medical affairs
      personnel and the depth and breadth of the Company’s commercial and medical affairs resources.


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31,
2025. Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 254 of this annual report. As of the date
of this annual report, the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee comprises Dr. Olivier Brandicourt,
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders.
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the chair of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. The Commercial
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available
on our website at www.beonemedicines.com under “Investors — HKEx investors — Governance — Corporate
Governance Information” and the website of the HKEx.


BOARD COMPOSITION POLICY


The Company’s Board Composition Policy sets out the Company’s approach to composition of the Board.
Pursuant to the Board Composition Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews annually
the structure, size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to
the Board. In reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers,
among other characteristics, the expertise, industry and regional experience, social background, tenure on the
Board, stances and other distinctions of board members and nominees. The Board Composition Policy further
provides that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will discuss and, where necessary, agree
on measurable objectives for achieving the right balance of varied skillsets and viewpoints on the Board and
recommend them to the Board for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the factors identified
above and to recruit a Director or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement. The Board has
achieved its goal of recruiting at least one female Director in 2020. In 2022 and 2024, the Board elected three new
female directors respectively. The Board is currently comprised of eleven directors, three of whom are female. The
Board Composition Policy is available on our website at www.beonemedicines.com under “Investors — HKEx
investors – Governance — Corporate Governance Information.”



250    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


WORKFORCE GENDER DIVERSITY


As of December 31, 2025, the gender ratio of our employee workforce (including senior management) is 59%
female and 41% male. We support the attraction, retention and development of a strong workforce with a wide
range of skills, experiences, and perspectives in a variety of ways including offering flexible remote, hybrid, and
part-time opportunities where possible. We also maintain a total rewards structure that starts with a competitive
base salary and gives all colleagues opportunities for annual performance bonuses, equity grants, paid leave,
and other benefits, such as healthcare coverage, based on market needs. We continuously seek to expand our
well-being and mental health benefits and evaluate all benefits at least annually to ensure we are providing the
best possible offerings for our colleagues. These reviews help us make sure we are supporting our colleagues in
all life cycle stages and across all demographics and abilities. In our double materiality assessment completed in
December 2025, workforce diversity was not one of the top material issues identified. Going forward, we have since
aligned our responsible business & sustainability goals to reflect only those related to material topics.


NOMINATION POLICY


As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Composition Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria
that it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria
as it deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board director candidates for its
consideration and approval. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates. The Board
may, however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.


The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board Composition Policy, and the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with
the Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director
and to fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party
search firms to identify director candidates. In 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not
engage a third party search firm to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including,
among other things, the skills of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other
background characteristics, his or her independence and the needs of the Board.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT      251
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with respect to a fixed set
of specific minimum qualifications for its candidates for membership on the Board. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and Board may therefore consider a broad range of factors relating to the qualifications and
background of nominees, as set forth in the Board Composition Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members is identification of persons who will further the
interests of our shareholders through their established record of professional accomplishment, the ability to
contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board members, knowledge of our business, understanding
of the competitive landscape, and professional and personal experiences and relevant expertise.


DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY SHAREHOLDERS


Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Swiss
Articles and SEC rules to BeOne Medicines Ltd., c/o BeOne Medicines I GmbH, Aeschengraben 27, 21st Floor, 4051
Basel, Switzerland, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the shareholder; (b) a representation
that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is not a record holder, evidence
of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; (c) the
candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background, current principal occupation or
employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years; (d) a description of the qualifications
and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board membership approved by our Board; (e) a
description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the
candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular for our next general meeting and (ii) to serve as a director
if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information regarding the candidate that is required to be included
in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules and HK Listing Rules. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee may seek further information from or about the shareholder making the recommendation,
the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including information about all business and other relationships
between the candidate and the shareholder and between the candidate and any such other beneficial owner.
Shareholders may also recommend a director candidate pursuant to Swiss Law and Proxy Access, the procedures
of which are available on the our website at www.beonemedicines.com under “Investors — HKEx investors —
Governance — Corporate Governance Information”.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE


The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in
place effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board. The current composition of the Board comprises
nine independent non-executive Directors. The members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are all independent non-executive Directors, exceeding the
independence requirements under the HK Listing Rules. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors
are subject to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and
workload. The independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his/her appointment
and annually.




252    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be
considered by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent
professional advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, whenever deemed
necessary. The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the
ability to devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.


The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-
executive Directors can express their views in an open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances
requires.


ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY


The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, by, or of, its Directors, officers,
employees, agents or consultants or any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts
the anti-corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which may lead to or give the
appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct which is
clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary. The Company expects and encourages employees
of the Group and those who deal with the Group (e.g. suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to report to the
Company, in confidence, any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. The Audit
Committee receives quarterly reports on anti-corruption and significant compliance program activities.


The Company also adopts the whistleblowing policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting
possible improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in the
formal system. Any material improprieties related to the Company will be reported to the Audit Committee.


These policies are reviewed from time to time to time ensure their relevance and appropriateness to the Group’s
business, corporate strategy and stakeholder expectations.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing policies,
and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report. The Board has performed the above duties during the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT     253
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS


The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings held
during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out below.


                                                                     Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                              Commercial
                                                                                Nominating                    and Medical
                                                                              and Corporate      Scientific        Affairs
                                                         Audit Compensation     Governance        Advisory       Advisory    Shareholder
Name of Director                        Board        Committee    Committee      Committee      Committee      Committee        Meeting


Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                           6/6           N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A           N/A             1/1
Non-executive Director:
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                           5/6           N/A           N/A            N/A             4/4           N/A             1/1
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt                     5/6            6/7          N/A            N/A             N/A            4/4            1/1
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                      6/6           N/A           6/6            N/A             4/4            4/4            1/1
Mr. Michael Goller                          6/6           N/A           N/A             3/3            3/4           N/A             1/1
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper(1)                    6/6            7/7          N/A             3/3            N/A            4/4            1/1
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                        6/6           N/A           6/6            N/A             N/A            4/4            1/1
Dr. Alessandro Riva                         6/6           N/A           N/A             3/3            4/4           N/A             1/1
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders             6/6            7/7          N/A            N/A             4/4            4/4            1/1
Ms. Shalini Sharp   (2)
                                            6/6            7/7          N/A             3/3            N/A           N/A             0/1
Mr. Qingqing Yi                             6/6           N/A           6/6            N/A             3/4           N/A             1/1

Notes:


(1)     Effective January 16, 2025, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was appointed as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate
        Governance Committee; Effective March 1, 2025, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit
        Committee but remains a member of the Audit Committee.


(2)     Effective January 16, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
        Committee; Effective March 1, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed as the Chair of the Audit Committee.


In accordance with code provision C.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of
the Board and our only executive Director, also held meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors during the year ended December 31, 2025.




254        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •         2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025.


The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2025 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS


The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.


The Company arranges a formal and comprehensive induction to a newly appointed Director to ensure that the
Director has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware of the director’s
responsibilities under the HK Listing Rules and SFO, and other legal and regulatory requirements.


The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the HK
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties. The Company also encourages the Directors to attend relevant training
courses provided by legal advisors and/or any appropriate institutions.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, Mr. John V. Oyler, Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Dr. Margaret
Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon
(Corsee) D. Sanders, Ms. Shalini Sharp and Mr. Qingqing Yi all participated in continuing professional development
regarding their duties and responsibilities as a director of a listed company which included reading materials and/or
attending training.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT          255
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION


The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst &
Young AG, in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, is
set out below:


Services Category                                                                   Fees paid and payable
                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                    (US$’000)             (US$’000)


Audit services                                                                           9,393                8,053
Non-audit services                                                                           –                    –


Total                                                                                    9,393                8,053


Audit services consist of services for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting for SEC filings, quarterly review of financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, services related to the Company’s HKEx filings, services related to the Company’s STAR Market listing,
annual report filings and other statutory and regulatory filings.


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


Collaboration with Amgen


As disclosed in this annual report, on October 31, 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, BeOne Medicines
I GmbH (formerly known as BeiGene Switzerland GmbH) (“BeOne Switzerland”), entered into a collaboration
agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (as amended, the “Amgen Collaboration
Agreement”) and pursuant to which we and Amgen agreed to enter into a strategic collaboration on the
commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® (the “In-Line Products”)
in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) (the “Collaboration Territory”) and the global development
and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products (the
“Pipeline Products”, together with the In-Line Products, the “Products”). Amgen is a substantial shareholder holding
approximately 15.98% of the issued share capital of the Company and, therefore, a connected person of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. As a result, the transactions contemplated under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.




256     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s
oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in the Collaboration Territory, with the commercialization
period for XGEVA® commencing following the transition of operational responsibilities for the product. We entered
into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement in November 2025 to extend our commercialization
rights to these products in the Collaboration Territory for so long as each product is sold in the Collaboration
Territory following each product’s regulatory approval in the Collaboration Territory. The parties have agreed
to equally share profits and losses for the products in the Collaboration Territory during each product’s
commercialization period.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical – and late-preclinical-
stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we
and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeOne Switzerland contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered mid-
single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of the Collaboration Territory on a product-by-
product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration
of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of
sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.


For each pipeline product that is approved in the Collaboration Territory, we will have the right to commercialize
the product for seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in the Collaboration Territory
equally. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back
to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in the
Collaboration Territory for an additional five years. The parties are subject to specified exclusivity requirements in
the Collaboration Territory and the rest of the world. For more information regarding our rights to royalties from
sales of IMDELLTRA®, please see “Management Discussion and Analysis – Recent Business Developments –
Royalty Purchase Agreement.”


In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for us.
As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i) stop
sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and
ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of AMG
510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           257
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under Rule 14A.52 of the HK Listing Rules, the period of an agreement for a continuing connected transaction
must be fixed. However, the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement is for an unspecified term as it will, unless
terminated in accordance with its terms, remain in effect. Under Rule 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, an annual
cap in monetary terms must be set for a continuing connected transaction. The Company applied for, and the HKEx
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rules 14A.52 and 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, subject to the
following conditions:


(a)   the Company will comply with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules if there are any material changes to the terms of the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement;


(b)   the Company’s independent non-executive directors from time to time will ensure that the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement are undertaken in accordance with its terms;


(c)   the Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company will use his best endeavours to supervise
      the compliance with the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreements and applicable HK Listing Rules
      requirements to the extent not waived by the HKEx on a regular basis;


(d)   the independent non-executive directors and the auditors of the Company will review the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement on an annual basis and confirm in the Company’s annual
      reports the matters set out in Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, respectively; and


(e)   in the event of any future amendments to the HK Listing Rules imposing more stringent requirements than
      those as at the date of the announcement published by the Company on November 1, 2019 via the HKEx, the
      Company will take immediate steps to ensure compliance with such new requirements.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the transaction amounts arising from the costs and revenues of
the commercialization of the products and the royalties to be received by the Company shall be determined in
accordance with the below formulae:


(a)   Caps in relation to the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products


      The Company and Amgen will share equally in the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products
      in the Collaboration Territory in accordance with the following formula:


      Net profit to be received/net loss to be bore by the Company = 50% x (net revenue of the relevant Product –
      manufacturing actual costs – commercialization and related costs)




258    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(b)   Caps in relation to royalties


      •     Global Ex-Collaboration Territory Royalties


            During the applicable Global Pipeline Royalty Term (the period beginning on the first commercial sale
            of a Pipeline Product in a country (other than China) and expiring on the latest of (i) the expiration of
            the last valid patent claim, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or (iii) the earlier of (x) eight years
            after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale or (y) 20 years from the date of first
            commercial sale of the product anywhere in the world), the Company will be eligible to receive tiered
            mid-single digit royalties on global net sales outside of the Collaboration Territory on a sliding scale for
            each Pipeline Product (other than AMG 510) in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = incremental annual global net revenue of the relevant Pipeline Product outside
            the Collaboration Territory x the applicable royalty rate


      •     Collaboration Territory Royalties


            During the applicable five-year period beginning on the return of a Product to Amgen, the Company
            will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in the Collaboration
            Territory on a sliding scale for each Product returned to Amgen in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = annual net revenue of the relevant returned Product in the Collaboration
            Territory x the applicable royalty rate


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company will receive from Amgen quarterly financial information
regarding the royalty calculation and the Company is entitled to specified audit right.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company’s payment obligations, whether in cash or in kind,
towards the development of the Pipeline Products shall be subject to an aggregate maximum of US$1.25 billion.
The Company will also share in the costs of developing additional indications for the In-Line products in the
Collaboration Territory, subject to an annual maximum contribution by the Company of US$12.5 million over the
term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Confirmation from Our Independent Non-executive Directors


Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing
Connected Transactions”) contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, and confirmed the Continuing
Connected Transactions have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b)
on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) the terms of the Continuing Connected Transactions are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of our shareholders as a whole.




                                                   BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            259
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Confirmation from Auditor


To comply with Rule 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young (the “Auditor”) to
conduct certain procedures in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard
on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the HKICPA. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the
Board that, with respect to the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025: (a) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to
believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions have not been approved by the Board; (b) for transactions
involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes them
to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the
Group; and (c) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Continuing Connected
Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
such transactions.


Sublease Agreement with a Subsidiary of Amgen


On January 17, 2025 (U.S. Time), BeOne Medicines US Holdings, LLC (formerly known as BeiGene US Holdings,
LLC, “BeOne US LLC”) (as subtenant), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sublease
agreement (the “Sublease Agreement”) with ChemoCentryx, Inc. (“ChemoCentryx”) (as sublandlord), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Amgen, pursuant to which, ChemoCentryx agreed to sublet the Sublease Premises to
BeOne US LLC for a term commencing from January 17, 2025 to February 27, 2031, unless earlier terminated in
accordance with the terms set forth in the Sublease Agreement. The purpose of the entering into of the Sublease
Agreement was that the Group intended to use the Sublease Premises to establish additional research facilities
and office space in the United States. Pursuant to the Sublease Agreement, the rent is US$4 per rentable square
feet per month throughout the sublease term (exclusive of taxes and other outgoings). Provided that no default by
subtenant occurs under the Sublease Agreement, subtenant shall be entitled to rent abatement and shall only pay
rent for the 5th floor of the Sublease Premises starting from January 1, 2026 in an amount equal to US$199,280
per month. In accordance with the applicable accounting standards, the Company will recognize the value of
the relevant right-of-use assets on its balance sheet in respect of the Sublease Premises and the transaction
contemplated hereunder will be treated as the acquisition of assets by the Company under the HK Listing Rules
and constitute a one-off connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. The
total value of the right-of-use assets to be recognized by the Company under the Sublease Agreement is expected
to be approximately US$9.9 million according to the announcement of the Company dated January 20, 2025. Such
figure is unaudited and may be subject to adjustment.


ChemoCentryx is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amgen, a substantial shareholder of the Company. ChemoCentryx
is hence an associate of Amgen and a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing
Rules. The transaction contemplated under the Sublease Agreement therefore constitutes a connected transaction
for the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.




260    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The entering into of the Sublease Agreement is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but is
exempt from the circular (including independent financial advice) and shareholders’ approval requirements under
Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. Details of the transaction are set out in the announcement of the Company
dated January 20, 2025.


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


We have entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing
connected transaction, as disclosed in this annual report.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


We have established an employee participation program, which allowed certain executive officers and qualified
employees of our PRC subsidiaries to indirectly participate in the STAR Offering and purchase certain RMB Shares
through an asset management plan administrated by China International Capital Corporation Limited (“RMB Shares
Employee Participation Plan”). The RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan participated in the STAR Offering as
a strategic investor and purchased 2,069,546 RMB Shares in the STAR Offering for an aggregate purchase price of
RMB399.43 million pursuant to a strategic investor placement agreement. The RMB Shares Employee Participation
Plan has 137 individual participants, including two of our executive officers, Xiaobin Wu and Lai Wang. Dr. Wu and
Dr. Wang invested RMB15 million and RMB10 million, respectively, in the RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan.


Details of other related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note
25 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.


None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the applicable disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         261
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS


The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.


We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.


We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management and internal control policies in various
aspects.


Financial Reporting Risk Management


As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.


Information System Risk Management


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.




262    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Human Resources Risk Management


We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.


In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.


We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy


With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a Board-
approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed annually
by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date have
been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit Committee. There
have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT         263
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:


•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;


•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;


•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and


•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.


We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting annually to ensure
that our internal control system is effective and adequate in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved
in our business operations. We also maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the
effectiveness of internal control and reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies


Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.


Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information
(including inside information). All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of
Conduct. Future Directors, officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning
service at the Company. All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their
review and agreement to comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the
supervision of our Board or a committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the
Code of Conduct, and (ii) when appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of
the Code of Conduct.




264     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Handling and Disseminating Inside Information


The Group has adopted adequate and effective internal control measures to regulate dealings with and the
dissemination of inside information. These measures also serve to prohibit the unauthorized access to and use of
inside information, and to ensure that dealings with and the dissemination of inside information by the Group meets
the requirements of the SFO.


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems


For the year ended December 31, 2025, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate. Such review covers
the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of our accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to our ESG performance and reporting, and the
matters covered in code provision D.2.3 of the Corporate Governance Code.


COMPANY SECRETARY


Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial matters
and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s primary
contact person within the Company is Mr. Chan Lee, Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the HK Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders and Putting Forward Proposals at General
Meetings


An extraordinary general meeting of the Company may be called in the circumstances provided by Swiss law, a
resolution of the Board of Directors, or by the Company’s auditor under certain circumstances. In addition, pursuant
to article 9 of our Swiss Articles, the Board of Directors is required to convene an extraordinary general meeting
of shareholders if so resolved by the general meeting of shareholders, or if requested in writing by shareholder(s)
holding an aggregate of at least 5% of the share capital or votes as recorded in the share register, specifying
agenda items and proposals. The Board of Directors may include additional agenda items or proposals. If the Board
of Directors does not grant such request within 60 days, the requesting shareholders may request the court to order
that the extraordinary general meeting be convened.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          265
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Pursuant to article 11 of our Swiss Articles, shareholders who hold, alone or together, at least 0.5% of the share
capital or votes and are so recorded in the share register, may request in writing that an item or proposal be
included on the agenda of a general meeting of shareholders. A request for inclusion of an item or proposal on the
agenda must be in writing and be delivered to and received at the registered office of the Company at least 120
calendar days before the first anniversary of the date that the Company’s definitive proxy statement was released to
shareholders in connection with the previous year’s annual general meeting. However, if no annual general meeting
was held in the previous year or if the date of annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 calendar
days from the date contemplated at the time of the previous year’s proxy statement, such requests must be made
by the later of (a) 150 calendar days prior to the contemplated annual general meeting date, or (b) 10 calendar
days after the first public announcement or other notification to shareholders of the contemplated annual general
meeting date. The request must specify the relevant agenda items and proposals, together with evidence of the
required shares recorded in the share register, as well as any other information as would be required to be included
in a proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details


The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeOne Medicines Ltd., c/o BeOne Medicines I GmbH, Aeschengraben
27, 4051 Basel, Switzerland, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.


For a shareholder’s communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the
Board, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail or
expedited delivery service to: BeOne Medicines Ltd., c/o BeOne Medicines I GmbH, Aeschengraben 27, 4051
Basel, Switzerland, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director].


Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements. The Board of Directors has adopted an Amended and
Restated Securityholder Communications Policy, which is available on our website at www.beonemedicines.com
under “Investors — HKEx Investors — Governance — Corporate Governance Information”.




266    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has established
a range of communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders.
These include (i) the Company’s amended and restated securityholder communication policy providing every
securityholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual directors on the Board
through an established process for securityholder communication; (ii) the publication of interim and annual reports
and/or dispatching circulars, notices, and other announcements; (iii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary
general meeting providing a forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views with the Board;
(iv) updated and key information of the Group available on the Company’s website and HKEx’s website; (v) the
Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters; and (vi)
convening investor meeting and/or analyst briefings, which led by our senior managements and investor relations
team with existing and potential investors.


The Company has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of its amended and restated securityholders’
communication policy for the year ended 31 December 2025, including the steps taken at the general meetings, the
handling of queries received and the multiple communication channels in place. The Company is of the view that
the policy is effective and has been properly implemented.


With the expansion of paperless listing regime and electronic dissemination of corporate communications
coming into effect on December 31, 2023, the Company will disseminate the future corporate communications
of the Company (“Corporate Communications”) to its shareholders electronically and only send Corporate
Communications in printed form upon request. For details of arrangement for dissemination of Corporate
Communications, please refer to the Company’s Reminder Letters filed with HKEx on September 26, 2025 or visit
the Company’s website at www.beonemedicines.com.


Notwithstanding the above, to the extent required under applicable rules, including rules of the SEC, the Company
will mail printed copies of proxy materials for general meetings of shareholders, including Proxy Statement/Circular
and Annual Report on Form 10-K.


The Company endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual
general meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming 2026 annual general meeting, Directors (or their
delegates as appropriate) will be available in person or via teleconference to meet shareholders and answer their
enquiries.


CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS


With effective from the Continuation becoming effective, the Swiss Articles, as approved and adopted pursuant to
the passing of a special resolution by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of Shareholders held
on April 28, 2025 (“EGM”), became effective on May 27, 2025. A summary of the significant differences between
our Cayman Articles and the Swiss Articles as well as Cayman law and Swiss law is set out in our circular dated
March 7, 2025. The Swiss Articles are available on the Company’s website and the HKEx’s website.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          267
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of BeOne Medicines Ltd.
(Incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability)


Opinion


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BeOne Medicines Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 273 to 368, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at
December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of operations, the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income (loss), the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows
for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”
or “GAAP”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


Basis for opinion


We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters


Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




268     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (Continued)


 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Product revenue, net

 The Company recorded revenue rebates and                  Our audit procedures included, among others, the
 sales returns amounting to US$1,449 million in the        following:
 consolidated statement of operations for the year
 ended December 31, 2025, 73% of which was related         We evaluated and tested the design and the operating
 to sales chargebacks, rebates, returns and other          effectiveness of internal controls over the Company’s
 deductions arising from the sale of products in the       process used in determining the measurement and
 United States.                                            completeness of accrued revenue rebates in the
                                                           United States;
 The Company recognizes revenue when the transfer
 of control of goods or services to the customer is        We examined terms and conditions for a sample of
 completed. To determine the appropriate transaction       contracts with the Company’s customers and others
 price at the time revenue is recognized, the Company      in the distribution channel, tested a sample of credits
 estimates variable consideration related to sales         issued and payments made throughout the year, and
 chargebacks and rebates that will ultimately be due       agreed rebate rates applied to the underlying contract
 to the customer and others in the distribution channel    terms;
 under the terms of their contracts. Where appropriate,
 these estimates take into consideration, among other      We tested the accuracy and completeness of the
 items, the Company’s historical experience, current       underlying data used in determining revenue rebates
 contractual and statutory requirements, and channel       and evaluated the assumptions and inputs used by
 inventory levels. The Company recognizes revenue          management.
 related to variable consideration to the extent it is
 probable that a significant revenue reversal will not     We performed analytical procedures in combination
 occur and estimates variable consideration from sales     with confirmations of a sample of the inventory
 chargebacks and rebates using the expected value          remained in the distribution channel at the year end;
 method.
                                                           We performed substantive analytical procedures of the
 Auditing the Company’s United States accrued sales        rebates accrued to total sales by program;
 chargebacks and rebates owed pursuant to definitive
 contractual agreements or legal requirements with         We performed lookback analysis to evaluate the
 distributors, private (Managed Care and Group             historical accuracy of the accrued revenue rebates
 Purchasing Organizations) and public (Medicaid,           estimates by comparing prior period accrued revenue
 Tricare, and Manufacturer’s Discounts) benefit            rebates to the amount of actual payments made in
 providers was challenging due to the extent of effort     subsequent periods;
 required to audit the significant number of sales
 chargeback and rebate programs, as the terms vary         We checked the invoices received subsequently and
 by distributor and program and by benefit provider.       compared with the accrued revenue rebates at the
 Additionally, due to the volume of sales chargebacks
                                                           year end;
 and rebates, third-party processing and the timing
 of invoicing received from distributors and benefit
 providers, the actual amounts incurred for all
 distributors and benefit providers are not known at the
 time the financial statements are issued.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          269
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (Continued)


 Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Product revenue, net

 Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial               We reviewed the sufficiency and completeness of the
 statements under the caption “Revenue Recognition”          disclosures of revenue recognition in the notes to the
 for accounting policies and note 15 for the disclosures     consolidated financial statements.
 related to revenue recognition.


Other information included in the Annual Report


The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




270    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements


Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT      271
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (Continued)


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit.




Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
March 25, 2026




272    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                 2025              2024
                                                                                    US$’000           US$’000

Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                             15              5,282,061         3,779,546
  Other revenue                                                    3                  60,972            30,695


Total revenues                                                                     5,343,033         3,810,241

Cost of sales – product                                                                668,540         594,089


Gross profit                                                                       4,674,493         3,216,152
Operating expenses
  Research and development                                                         2,145,868         1,953,295
  Selling, general and administrative                                              2,081,489         1,831,056


  Total operating expenses                                                         4,227,357         3,784,351


Income (loss) from operations                                                          447,136         (568,199)
  Interest income                                                                       70,505            69,641
  Interest expense                                                                     (58,234)          (21,805)
  Other (expense) income, net                                      6                   (42,553)          (12,638)


Income (loss) before income taxes                                                      416,854         (533,001)
  Income tax expense                                               11                  129,921          111,785


Net income (loss)                                                                      286,933         (644,786)


Earnings (loss) per share (in US$)
  Basic                                                            17                     0.20             (0.47)


  Diluted                                                          17                     0.19             (0.47)


Weighted-average shares outstanding – basic                                    1,417,803,727      1,368,746,793


Weighted-average shares outstanding – diluted                                  1,474,829,908      1,368,746,793


Earnings (loss) per American Depositary Share (“ADS”) (in US$)
  Basic                                                            17                     2.63             (6.12)


  Diluted                                                          17                     2.53             (6.12)


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding – basic                                       109,061,825        105,288,215


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding – diluted                                     113,448,454        105,288,215


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025      ANNUAL REPORT    273
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                    2025              2024
                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000


Net income (loss)                                                                    286,933          (644,786)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments                         19                 69,300           (47,565)
  Other adjustments                                                19                     1,504            (1,977)


Comprehensive income (loss)                                                          357,737          (694,328)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



274    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                    Note                  2025             2024
                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                        4,547,530         2,627,410
  Accounts receivable, net                                            7                 865,080          676,278
  Inventories, net                                                   12                 608,227          494,986
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                          12                 212,752          192,919


Total current assets                                                               6,233,589         3,991,593


Non-current assets:
  Property, plant and equipment, net                                  9            1,641,678         1,578,423
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                                 8                 148,184          139,309
  Intangible assets, net                                             10                  62,704           51,095
  Other non-current assets                                           12                 102,418          160,490


Total non-current assets                                                           1,954,984         1,929,317


Total assets                                                                       8,188,573         5,920,910


Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                   13                 479,035          404,997
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                12            1,109,120             803,713
  Tax payable                                                        11                  41,625           25,930
  Operating lease liabilities, current portion                        8                  20,698           17,576
  Research and development cost share liability, current portion      3                  64,345          111,154
  Sale of future royalty liability, current portion                   4                  56,714                –
  Short-term debt                                                    14                  57,293          851,529


Total current liabilities                                                          1,828,830         2,214,899




                                                      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.   •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT     275
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)


                                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                     Note                 2025                 2024
                                                                                     US$’000               US$’000


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term debt                                                      14             961,913                166,484
  Sale of future royalty liability, non-current portion                   4          850,242                       –
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                        8           52,940                 44,277
  Deferred tax liabilities                                            11              53,209                 42,007
  Research and development cost share liability,
      non-current portion                                                 3                  –               54,286
  Other long-term liabilities                                         12              80,245                 66,735


Total non-current liabilities                                                      1,998,549                373,789


Total liabilities                                                                  3,827,379              2,588,688


Commitments and contingencies                                         22


Shareholders’ equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
      1,540,975,898 and 1,387,367,704 shares issued
      and 1,441,075,618 and 1,387,367,704 shares outstanding
      as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively                                      144                   138
  Additional paid-in capital                                                      12,759,137          12,087,908
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                19              (78,184)             (148,988)
  Accumulated deficit                                                              (8,319,903)            (8,606,836)


Total shareholders’ equity                                                         4,361,194              3,332,222


Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                         8,188,573              5,920,910




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



276      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                2025              2024
                                                                                US$’000           US$’000


Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income (loss)                                                                 286,933       (644,786)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
  provided by (used in) operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                             141,686       171,762
  Share-based compensation expense                                18                510,857       441,618
  Acquired in-process research and development                     3                   691            60,000
  Amortization of research and development cost share liability    3            (101,095)             (73,226)
  Impairment of equity investments                                                   75,626            6,838
  Loss on long-term investments                                    6                   596            17,184
  Non-cash interest expense                                                          14,872                 –
  Deferred income tax expense                                                         9,469           25,983
  Other items, net                                                                   (2,953)          11,163
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                           (164,954)         (329,443)
  Inventories                                                                       (93,168)          (91,496)
  Other assets                                                                       37,164           45,126
  Accounts payable                                                                   79,833       121,497
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                               311,762       111,354
  Deferred revenue                                                                    1,293              633
  Other liabilities                                                                  18,968           (14,838)


Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                            1,127,580          (140,631)


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                           (185,839)         (492,663)
  Purchase of in-process research and development                                   (60,691)          (31,800)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                   10                (20,000)           (4,674)
  Purchase of long-term investments                                6                (11,834)          (19,006)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of short-term investments                            3,446            2,655
  Other investing activities                                                         (1,237)           (2,862)


Net cash used in investing activities                                           (276,155)         (548,350)




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.     •   2025     ANNUAL REPORT      277
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                     2025            2024
                                                                                    US$’000          US$’000


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from sale of future royalties                            4                911,000                  —
  Proceeds from long-term loan                                     14                850,586               9,053
  Repayment of long-term loan                                      14                (35,680)         (28,031)
  Proceeds from short-term loans                                   14                233,676          868,270
  Repayment of short-term loans                                    14             (1,044,781)        (704,216)
  Payments of debt issuance costs                                  14                (23,392)                 —
  Payments of withholding taxes from share-based awards                              (24,195)                 —
  Proceeds from option exercises and employee share
      purchase plan                                                                  196,281           45,373
  Repayment of sale of future royalties liability                   4                     (4,044)             —
  Other financing activities                                                                  —            3,000


Net cash provided by financing activities                                          1,059,451          193,449


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                          60,024          (51,705)


Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents,
  and restricted cash                                                              1,970,900         (547,237)


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                     2,638,747        3,185,984


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                           4,609,647        2,638,747


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                        4,547,530        2,627,410
  Short-term restricted cash                                                          41,284               9,312
  Long-term restricted cash                                                           20,833               2,025
  Interest paid                                                                       52,452           51,175


Supplemental non-cash activities:
  Accruals for capital expenditures                                                   57,283           70,314
  Purchase of in-process research and development included
      in accounts payable                                                                     —        60,000




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




278     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                                                   Total    Ordinary       Additional          Other
                                                             Ordinary          Effect of    Outstanding      Shares          Paid-In Comprehensive Accumulated
                                                         Shares Issued Redomiciliation1          Shares      Issued           Capital   Income/(Loss)       Deficit        Total
                                                                             Shares                         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000      US$’000       US$’000


Balance at December 31, 2023                             1,359,513,224                –    1,359,513,224        135    11,598,688             (99,446)   (7,962,050)   3,537,327


Use of shares reserved for share option exercises           (2,258,161)               –       (2,258,161)         –                –                –             –            –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs              30,112,641                 –      30,112,641           3           45,550                –             –      45,553
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary                                      –                –                –          –            2,052                –             –       2,052
Share-based compensation                                             –                –                –          –          441,618                –             –     441,618
Other comprehensive loss                                             –                –                –          –                –          (49,542)            –      (49,542)
Net loss                                                             –                –                –           –               –                –     (644,786)     (644,786)


Balance at December 31, 2024                             1,387,367,704                –    1,387,367,704        138    12,087,908            (148,988)   (8,606,836)   3,332,222


Issuance of shares reserved for share option exercises    109,709,434      (112,772,594)      (3,063,160)         –                –                –             –            –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs              43,898,760        12,872,314      56,771,074           6          195,895                –             –     195,901
Share-based compensation                                             –                –                –          –          510,857                –             –     510,857
Withholding taxes from share-based awards                            –                –                –          –          (35,523)               –             –      (35,523)
Other comprehensive income                                           –                –                –          –                –          70,804              –      70,804
Net income                                                           –                –                –           –               –                –      286,933      286,933


Balance at December 31, 2025                             1,540,975,898      (99,900,280)   1,441,075,618        144    12,759,137             (78,184)   (8,319,903)   4,361,194


1.         Upon effectiveness of the Continuation, ordinary shares (including in the form of ADS) held by the Company or one of its
           controlled subsidiaries immediately prior to the effective date of the Continuation became part of the Company’s issued but
           not outstanding share capital and are considered ordinary shares of the Company, or “treasury shares” under Swiss law.
           The Company expects to use these treasury shares in the future to satisfy obligations to deliver shares in connection with
           awards granted under the Company’s equity incentive plans and agreements.




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                          BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                         •       2025       ANNUAL REPORT                   279
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS


      Formerly known as BeiGene, Ltd., BeOne Medicines Ltd. (the “Company” or “BeOne”) is a global oncology
      company focused on discovering and developing innovative treatments that are more affordable and
      accessible to cancer patients worldwide.


      Effective May 27, 2025, the Company changed its jurisdiction of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to
      Switzerland through a transaction known as a continuation under Section 206 of the Companies Act (as
      amended) of the Cayman Islands and Article 161 of the Swiss Federal Act on Private International Law (such
      transaction, the “Continuation”), The Continuation did not change the accounting basis under GAAP of any of
      the Company’s consolidated assets, liabilities, equity, or any previous results of operations or cash flows.


      In connection with the Continuation, ordinary shares held by the Company or one of its controlled subsidiaries
      immediately prior to the effective date of the Continuation became part of the Company’s issued share
      capital and are considered ordinary shares of the Company, or “treasury shares” under Swiss law. See the
      Company’s final prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)
      (3) on March 10, 2025 for a full description of the changes related to the Company’s ordinary shares following
      the Continuation.


      Since its inception in 2010, the Company has become a fully integrated global organization with nearly 12,000
      employees worldwide.




280    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS (Continued)


     As of December 31, 2025, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries:


                                                                                   Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                            Place of              issued/paid-in    Ownership by
     Name of Company                                        Incorporation                capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


     BeOne Medicines (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (formerly known    PRC*               RMB2,722,787,023              100%   Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         as BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)                                                                              development, PRC
     BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.      PRC*              RMB16,420,122,114              100%   Medical and pharmaceutical research
         (formerly known as BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics                                                               and development, manufacturing and
         Manufacturing Co., Ltd.)                                                                                     commercialization, PRC
     BeOne Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (formerly         PRC*               RMB1,434,344,310              100%   Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         known as BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.)                                                                       development, PRC
     BeOne Pharmaceutical (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (formerly      PRC*               RMB4,973,218,389              100%   Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         known as BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.)                                                                         manufacturing and commercialization, PRC
     BeOne Medicines (Shanghai) Research &                  PRC*                RMB620,000,000               100%   Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         Development Co., Ltd. (formerly known as BeiGene                                                             development, PRC
         (Shanghai) Research & Development Co., Ltd.)
     BeOne Medicines USA, Inc. (formerly known as           Delaware,                     USD1               100%   Medical, pharmaceutical research and
         BeiGene USA, Inc.)                                   United States                                           development and commercialization, U.S.
     BeOne Medicines AUS Pty Ltd. (formerly known as        Australia            USD56,947,230               100%   Medical, pharmaceutical research and
         BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd.)                                                                                        development and commercialization,
                                                                                                                      Australia
     BeOne Medicines I GmbH (formerly known as              Switzerland              CHF20,000               100%   Medical, pharmaceutical research and
         BeiGene Switzerland GmbH)                                                                                    development and commercialization,
                                                                                                                      Switzerland
     BeOne Medicines Hopewell Urban Renewal, LLC            New Jersey,         USD693,693,128               100%   Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         (formerly known as BeiGene Hopewell Urban            United States                                           development and manufacturing. U.S.
         Renewal, LLC)

     *         Limited liability company established in PRC


     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
     affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Company. To give
     details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                                   BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •     2025      ANNUAL REPORT                      281
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


      Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation


      The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
      and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial
      statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
      transactions and balances between the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are eliminated upon
      consolidation.


      Use of Estimates


      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures
      of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
      revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include, but
      are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration in product
      sales and collaboration revenue arrangements, assessing the impairment of long-lived assets, valuation
      and recognition of share-based compensation expenses, realizability of deferred tax assets, estimating
      uncertain tax positions, valuation of inventory, estimating the allowance for credit losses, determining defined
      benefit pension plan obligations, measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, estimates related
      to research and development accruals, estimates related to the sale of future royalty liability and the fair
      value of financial instruments. Management bases the estimates on historical experience, known trends and
      various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
      judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and reported amounts of revenues and expenses.
      Actual results could differ from these estimates.


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency and foreign currency gains and losses

      The Company uses the U.S. dollar (“US$” or U.S. dollar) as its reporting currency. Transactions in subsidiaries
      are recorded in the functional currency of the respective subsidiary and such transactions denominated
      in currencies other than the functional currency give rise to foreign exchange remeasurement (monetary
      assets and liabilities) and related gains and losses that are classified in other (expense) income, net in the
      consolidated statement of operations. The determination of functional currency is based on the criteria of
      Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters . For those periods presented,
      the Company has not entered into any foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge its foreign currency
      positions.




282    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation (Continued)


     Foreign currency translation

     For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
     rate for the period and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and
     financial position to the U.S. dollar, which is the Company’s reporting currency. Translation differences are
     recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity.


     Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
     withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
     three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
     of money market funds are stated at fair value.


     Restricted cash

     Restricted cash primarily consists of RMB-denominated cash deposits pledged in designated bank accounts
     as collateral for letters of credit and cash used to settle employee benefit obligations and related taxes. The
     Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current based on the term of the restriction.


     In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
     the proceeds from the STAR offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
     offering prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved by
     its board of directors.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT         283
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses


      Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of trade discounts and allowances
      as well as an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses reflects the Company’s current
      estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the receivables. The Company considers
      various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for credit losses including the aging
      of receivables and aging trends, customer creditworthiness and specific exposures related to particular
      customers. The Company also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country
      specific risks and economic factors that may affect a customer’s ability to pay in establishing and adjusting its
      allowance for credit losses. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection efforts have ceased.


      Inventory


      Prior to the regulatory approval of product candidates, the Company may incur costs for the manufacture
      of drug product to support the commercial launch of those products. Until the date at which regulatory
      approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, all such costs are recorded as research and
      development expenses as incurred.


      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost determined in a manner that
      approximates weighted average cost. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes
      down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable
      value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The determination of
      whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates of future prices by management. If actual market
      conditions are less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be
      required, which would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.


      Investments


      The Company’s investments consist of convertible note instruments, public equity securities with readily
      determinable fair values, private equity securities without readily determinable fair values, and equity-method
      investments. The classification of an investment is determined based on the nature of the investment, the
      Company’s ability and intent to hold the investment, and the degree to which the Company may exercise
      influence over the investee.




284    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Investments (Continued)


     •    Convertible note instruments are recorded using the fair value option method of accounting.
          Accordingly, convertible note instruments are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis, with any
          changes in the fair value option recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Public equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded at fair value. Subsequent
          changes in fair value are recorded in other (expense) income, net. Derivative financial instruments
          to purchase public equity securities are recorded at fair value. The estimated fair value of derivative
          financial instruments is determined based on the Black-Scholes valuation model. Changes in fair value
          of derivative instruments are recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Private equity securities without readily determinable fair values and where the Company does not have
          significant influence are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting
          from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the
          same issuer. Adjustments to private equity securities are recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock where the Company has significant
          influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee are accounted for as equity-method
          investments. Equity-method investments are initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted
          based on the Company’s percentage ownership in the investee’s income and expenses, as well as
          dividends, if any. The Company records its share of the investee’s results of operations in other (expense)
          income, net. The Company records impairment losses on our equity method investments if it deems
          the impairment to be other-than-temporary. The Company deems an impairment to be other-than-
          temporary based on various factors, including but not limited to, the length of time the fair value is below
          the carrying value and ability to retain the investment to allow for a recovery in fair value.


     Realized gains or losses on sales of investments are determined based on the specific identification method.


     The Company regularly evaluates its investments for impairment. The Company recognized impairment
     losses from observable price changes in orderly transactions for a similar investment of US$75,626,000 and
     US$7,635,000 related to its investments in equity during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT        285
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Property, Plant and Equipment


      Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property,
      plant and equipment, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated using the straight-line
      method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                                         Useful Lives


      Building                                                                                         20 to 30 years
      Manufacturing equipment                                                                            3 to 10 years
      Laboratory Equipment                                                                                3 to 5 years
      Software, Electronic and Office Equipment                                                           3 to 5 years
      Leasehold Improvements                                                        Lesser of useful life or lease term


      The Company periodically evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the
      estimated useful lives of its long-lived assets may require reassessment.


      Leases


      The Company applies ASC, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) to account for its leases. The Company
      determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-
      lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component based on the Company’s policy
      election to combine lease and non-lease components for its leases. Leases are classified as operating or
      finance leases in accordance with the recognition criteria in ASC 842-20-25. The Company’s lease portfolio
      consists entirely of operating leases as of December 31, 2025. The Company’s leases do not contain any
      material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.




286    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Leases (Continued)


     At the commencement date of a lease, the Company determines the classification of the lease based on the
     relevant factors present and records a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and lease liability. ROU assets represent
     the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make
     lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are calculated as the present value
     of the lease payments not yet paid. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded
     from the ROU asset and lease liability calculations and are recognized in expense in the period in which the
     obligation for those payments is incurred. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not typically readily
     available, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
     commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This incremental borrowing rate
     reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease
     payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. ROU assets include
     any lease prepayments and are reduced by lease incentives. Operating lease expense for lease payments is
     recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease terms are based on the non-cancelable term
     of the lease and may contain options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will
     exercise that option.


     Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities on the
     consolidated balance sheet. Lease liabilities that become due within one year of the balance sheet date are
     classified as current liabilities.


     Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
     Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


     Land Use Right, Net


     All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for
     a specified period of time. Land use rights represent operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. The
     purchase price of land use rights represents lease prepayments to the PRC government and is recorded as an
     operating lease ROU asset on the balance sheet. The ROU asset is amortized over the remaining lease term.
     As of December 31, 2025, the Company held land use rights in the following regions:


                                                                                                              Terms


     Guangzhou                                                                                              50 years
     Beijing                                                                                                36 years
     Suzhou                                                                                                 30 years
     Shanghai                                                                                               47 years




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT          287
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Intangible Assets


      Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
      and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
      business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on their
      relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Intangible assets associated with milestone payments
      made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are recorded at cost. Identifiable intangible assets
      consist of post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization agreements, that are
      amortized over the remainder of the product patent or the term of the commercialization agreements; and
      trading licenses that are amortized over the initial license term.


      Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
      could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
      Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
      assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
      disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets,
      the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over
      their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be generated
      by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and
      2024, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its intangible assets.


      Impairment of Long-Lived Assets


      Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
      disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
      indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
      carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, there was
      no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.




288    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements


     Fair value of financial instruments

     The Company applies ASC topic 820 (“ASC 820”), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, in measuring
     fair value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires
     disclosures to be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
     which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


     Level 1 – Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
              markets.


     Level 2 – Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


     ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1) market
     approach; (2) income approach; and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
     information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
     income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
     measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
     The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         289
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

      The following tables set forth assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2025 and
      2024:


                                                                  Quoted Price
                                                                       in Active      Significant
                                                                     Market for            Other        Significant
                                                                       Identical     Observable      Unobservable
                                                                          Assets           Inputs           Inputs
      As of December 31, 2025                                          (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)
                                                                       US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      Cash equivalents:
        Money market funds                                            2,384,656                 –                –
      Other non-current assets:
        Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                –                2                –
        Convertible debt instrument                                            –                –            6,135
        Other                                                              1,271                –                –


      Total                                                           2,385,927                 2            6,135


                                                                   Quoted Price
                                                                       in Active       Significant
                                                                     Market for             Other       Significant
                                                                       Identical      Observable     Unobservable
                                                                          Assets           Inputs           Inputs
      As of December 31, 2024                                          (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)
                                                                       US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      Cash equivalents:
        Money market funds                                              950,704                 –                –
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets:
        Convertible debt instrument                                            –                –              618
      Other non-current assets:
        Equity securities with readily determinable fair values            2,113              168                –
        Convertible debt instrument                                            –                –            4,616


      Total                                                             952,817               168            5,234



290    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


     Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

     The Company’s cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with original maturities of 3 months or less. The
     Company determines the fair value of cash equivalents using a market approach based on quoted prices in
     active markets.


     The Company’s equity securities carried at fair value consisted of holdings in common stock and warrants to
     purchase additional shares of common stock of a publicly-traded biotechnology company. The common stock
     investment was measured and carried at fair value and classified as a Level 1 investment. The warrants to
     purchase additional shares of common stock are measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation
     model and classified as a Level 2 investment. In 2025, the Company sold its common stock holdings. Refer
     to Note 6, Investments for details of the determination of the carrying amount of private equity investments
     without readily determinable fair values and equity method investments.


     The Company holds convertible notes issued by private biotech companies. The Company has elected
     the fair value option method of accounting for the convertible notes. Accordingly, the convertible notes
     are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs, with any changes in the fair value
     option recorded in other (expense) income, net. The Company recorded gain on fair value adjustments of
     US$1,368,000 for the year ended December 31, 2025 and losses on fair value adjustments of US$4,842,000
     for the year ended December 31, 2024.


     There were no transfers of instruments between levels of valuation categories during the years ended
     December 31, 2025 and 2024.


     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
     receivable, accounts payable, and short-term debt approximated their carrying values due to their short-term
     nature. Long-term debt approximates its fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate
     the rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT          291
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Revenue Recognition


      The Company applies ASC, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”) to account for
      its revenue transactions.


      Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
      services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
      goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
      the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
      (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
      consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
      (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
      the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
      entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.


      Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
      the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
      obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
      allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


      Product Revenue

      In the U.S. and EU, the Company generates product revenues from the sale of BRUKINSA® and TEVIMBRA®.
      In China, the Company generates product revenues from the sale of its internally developed drugs TEVIMBRA,
      BRUKINSA and PARTRUVIX®, and the sale of in-licensed products through its agreements with Amgen,
      BMS, Bio-Thera, EUSA Pharma and Luye Pharmaceutical. Under the commercial profit share arrangement
      with Amgen, the Company is the principal for in-licensed product sales to customers in China during the
      commercialization period and recognizes 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to
      Amgen for its portion of net product sales are recorded as cost of sales.


      In the U.S., the Company distributes its products through specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors. The
      specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors subsequently resell the product to health care providers and
      patients. In the EU, the Company distributes its products through distributors or directly to hospitals. In China,
      the Company sells its internally developed products to multiple distributors, who in turn sell the product
      to hospitals or pharmacies within their authorized territories to be sold ultimately to patients. In-licensed
      products are sold to a first tier distributor who subsequently resells the products to second tier distributors
      who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients.




292    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition (Continued)


     Product Revenue (Continued)

     The Company is the principal under the product sales as the Company controls the products with the ability
     to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the products before they are sold
     to the customer. For product sales transactions, the Company has a single performance obligation which is
     to sell the products to its customer. The Company includes variable consideration in the transaction price
     to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and estimates variable consideration
     from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives
     using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when the
     single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the customer. The Company’s payment terms
     are approximately 30-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the
     Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual
     results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which
     would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


     Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government
     and commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) pricing
     in the PRC, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives
     that are offered within contracts between the Company and its customers, health care providers and other
     indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration relevant factors such as the
     Company’s historical experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels,
     specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment
     patterns. The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer
     demand as reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate.
     To date, sales returns have not been significant.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT          293
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Revenue Recognition (Continued)


      Collaboration Revenue

      At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
      the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements
      involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
      exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
      collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
      determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
      are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
      of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
      is determined and applied consistently.


      In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
      agreements, the Company performs the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.


      The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
      obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
      development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
      return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
      assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
      identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
      Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
      of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
      each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
      good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
      received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
      customers.


      Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
      property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
      in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from non-
      refundable up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
      licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.


      Options to License Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for options to license the
      Company’s intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the option represents a material right and is
      distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For options determined to be
      a material right and distinct, the Company defers the non-refundable up-front fees allocated to the option
      and recognizes revenues at a point in time, at the earlier of when the option is exercised or the option period
      expires.



294    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition (Continued)


     Collaboration Revenue (Continued)

     Right to Access Intellectual Property during the Option Period: The portion of a transaction price allocated
     to the other parties right to access the Company’s intellectual property to generate their own data during an
     option period is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over the option period on a straight-line
     basis as the right to use the intellectual property is provided and the data generated.


     Research and Development Services: The portion of a transaction price allocated to research and
     development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
     as delivery or performance of such services occurs.


     Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
     the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
     amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
     significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
     price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
     phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
     generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
     is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
     Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
     included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
     and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
     period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
     process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
     obtained.


     Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
     the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
     Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
     obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT             295
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Research and Development Expenses


      Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development
      activities, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings, which
      primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
      and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
      technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
      supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
      provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
      research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
      incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
      alternative future uses.


      Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
      Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
      of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
      clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
      parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
      in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
      accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
      in which the facts that give rise to the revision become probable.


      Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


      The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments that
      relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments (prior to
      government approval), are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the
      period in which they are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or
      activities that would constitute a “business” as defined under GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory
      approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use.
      Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible
      assets and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales
      of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are
      recognized.




296    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Government Grants


     Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
     Company are recognized as other income upon receipt. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and
     2024, the Company recognized other income of US$22,718,000 and US$22,326,000, respectively, for
     government grants received after the related expenses have been incurred.


     In the event government grants or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company
     will recognize the payment as a liability and amortize it within the same financial statement caption as the
     performance obligation relates over the performance period. The Company received government assistance
     in the form of cash primarily to support the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out and research and
     development programs.


     Government assistance received to support the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out is recognized
     as other long-term liabilities and amortized over the same useful lives of the related assets as depreciation
     expense. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, other long-term liabilities related to the Guangzhou
     manufacturing facility build-out totaled US$28,900,000 and US$30,235,000, respectively. For the years
     ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, depreciation expense is presented net of amortization of government
     assistance of US$2,587,000 and US$3,053,000, respectively.


     Government assistance received to support research and development programs is recorded as other long-
     term liabilities upon receipt and recognized as other income when the associated research and development
     programs are completed. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, other long-term liabilities related to research
     and development programs totaled US$79,000 and US$89,000, respectively. No income was recognized
     during the two years ended December 31, 2025 related to grants received for research and development
     programs.


     Comprehensive Income (Loss)


     Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from
     transactions and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by
     owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income , requires
     that all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of
     comprehensive income (loss) be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence
     as other financial statements. For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive income (loss)
     includes net income (loss), foreign currency translation adjustments and pension liability adjustments, and is
     presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT         297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Share-Based Compensation


      Awards granted to employees

      The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”), to account for its
      employee share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award
      should be classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-
      based awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements
      based on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using
      an option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
      market price of our ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has elected
      to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards granted
      with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized
      at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at that date.
      The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on performance
      conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of the share-
      based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.


      ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
      period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates. Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and
      future expectations of employee turnover rates and are adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances
      and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that
      expense is recorded only for those share-based awards that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company
      revises these estimates in the future, the share-based payments could be materially impacted in the period
      of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company, with the assistance of an independent third-party
      valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the stock options granted to employees using the
      binomial option pricing model.


      Awards granted to non-employees

      The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
      provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity . All transactions in which goods or services are received in
      exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or
      the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The grant date is the
      measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued. The expense is recognized in the same
      manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance
      with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments to non-employees . The Company estimated the fair value of share
      options granted to non-employees using the same method as employees.




298    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


     Modification of awards

     A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
     Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
     the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
     value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
     recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
     Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
     cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
     If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
     modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.


     Sale of Future Royalty Liability


     The Company records upfront payments received from the sale of future royalties as a liability. Royalty
     payments made to the purchaser are recorded as a reduction of the liability or accrued interest. The Company
     accounts for the associated interest expense under the effective interest rate method, while continuing to
     recognize the full amount of royalty revenue in the period in which the counterparty sells the related product
     and recognizes the related revenue.


     The Company calculates the liability related to the sale of future royalties, effective interest rate and the related
     interest expense using the current estimate of anticipated future royalty payments under the arrangement,
     which is periodically reassessed based on internal projections of future royalty revenues and information from
     partners who are responsible for commercializing the medicines. If there is a material change in the estimate,
     the Company will prospectively adjust the effective interest rate and the related interest expense.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Income Taxes


      The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
      assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
      bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
      differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
      some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


      The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which
      prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
      financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
      “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
      assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
      threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
      has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
      recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
      expense.


      Earnings (Loss) Per Share


      Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic earnings
      (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net earnings (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders by
      the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.


      Diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) attributable to ordinary
      shareholders as adjusted for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average
      number of ordinary and dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent
      shares consist of the ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s ordinary shares issuable
      upon the conversion of the share options, and unvested employee share purchase plan, restricted shares
      units, employee share purchase plan (“ESPP”) shares and performance-based restricted shares units (“PSUs”)
      using the treasury stock method. The dilutive effects of PSUs are included in the weighted average common
      share calculation based on the cumulative achievement against the performance targets only when the
      performance targets have been achieved as of the end of the reporting period.


      Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share if their
      effects would be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per ordinary share is presented in the
      Company’s consolidated statements of operations.




300    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Segment Information


     In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
     Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
     and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
     segment: pharmaceutical products.


     Concentration of Risks


     Concentration of cash and credit risk

     Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and
     accounts receivable.


     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, US$4,547,530,000 and US$2,627,410,000 were deposited with various
     major reputable financial institutions located in the U.S., PRC and other international financial institutions. The
     deposits placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event
     of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Company may be unable to claim its deposits back in
     full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality and continually monitors
     the credit worthiness of these financial institutions.


     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had accounts receivable, net of US$865,080,000 and
     US$676,278,000, respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales. The
     Company monitors economic conditions to identify facts or circumstances that may indicate receivables are
     at risk of collection.


     Customer concentration risk

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, sales to the Company’s three largest product distributors, ASD
     Specialty Healthcare (Cencora), McKesson and Shanghai Pharmaceutical represented approximately 18.5%,
     17.5% and 10.1% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately 37.1% of
     trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2025.


     For the year ended December 31, 2024, sales to the Company’s three largest product distributors, ASD
     Specialty Healthcare (Cencora), McKesson and Shanghai Pharmaceutical represented approximately 18.0%,
     16.9% and 11.1% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately 51.0% of
     trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Recent Accounting Pronouncements


      New accounting standards which have been adopted

      In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update
      (“ASU”) 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. This update requires
      that public entities on an annual basis, (1) in the rate reconciliation, disclose specific categories and provide
      additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold; (2) about income taxes paid,
      disclose the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated by federal, state, and
      foreign taxes and by individual jurisdiction in which income taxes paid (net of refunds received) is equal to
      or greater than 5 percent of total income taxes paid (net of refunds received); and (3) disclose income (or
      loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated between domestic
      and foreign and income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign. The Company
      adopted ASU 2023-09 effective December 31, 2025 on a prospective basis. Refer to Footnote 11 for income
      taxes related disclosures.


      New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted

      In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting for
      Government Grants Received by Business Entities (ASU 2025-10), which establishes authoritative guidance
      on the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of government grants. Under ASU 2025-10,
      government grants are recognized when it is probable that the entity will both comply with the conditions of
      the grant and the grant will be received. The ASU provides specific accounting models for grants related to
      assets and grants related to income, including options to recognize government grants as deferred income
      or as a reduction of the asset’s cost basis. The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the
      nature of government grants, significant terms and conditions, accounting policies applied, and amounts
      recognized in the financial statements. ASU 2025-10 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
      15, 2028, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is
      currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2025-10 on its consolidated financial statements and related
      disclosures.




302    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


     New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted (Continued)

     In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-Use Software
     (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software. This update removes
     all references to prescriptive and sequential software development stages throughout Subtopic 350-40. The
     update requires an entity to start capitalizing software costs when management has authorized and committed
     to funding the software project, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be
     used to perform the function intended. The update further specifies that the disclosures in Subtopic 360-10
     are required for all capitalized internal-use software costs. This update is effective for annual reporting periods
     beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods.
     Early adoption is permitted. The guidance can be applied using a prospective transition approach, a modified
     transition approach that is based on the status of the project and whether software costs were capitalized
     before the date of adoption, or a retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently evaluating the
     impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.


     In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income
     – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.
     This update requires that at each interim and annual reporting period public entities disclose (1) the amounts
     of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, amortization, and depletion in commonly
     presented expense captions; (2) certain amounts that are already required to be disclosed under current
     GAAP in the same disclosure as the other disaggregation requirements; (3) a qualitative description of the
     amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively; and
     (4) the total amount of selling expenses and, in annual reporting periods, the definition of selling expenses.
     In January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income –
     Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date. This update clarifies that
     ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods
     within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
     is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS


      The Company enters into collaborative arrangements for the research and development, manufacture and/
      or commercialization of drug products and drug candidates. To date, these collaborative arrangements have
      included out-licenses of and options to out-license internally developed products and drug candidates to
      other parties, in-licenses of products and drug candidates from other parties, and profit – and cost-sharing
      arrangements. These arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations
      for potential development, regulatory and commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing and
      reimbursement arrangements, royalty payments, and profit sharing.


      During the two years ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s other revenue consisted primarily of royalty
      revenue from IMDELLTRA® sales outside of China under the Amgen collaboration agreement and revenue
      generated under the Novartis broad markets agreement.


      The following table summarizes total other revenue recognized for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
      2024:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
      Other Revenue                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


      Amgen royalty revenue                                                              40,733             7,841
      Novartis broad markets revenue                                                     17,598            18,259
      Other                                                                                2,641            4,595


      Total                                                                              60,972            30,695


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial


      Amgen

      In October 2019, the Company entered into a global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen (as
      amended, the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”) for the commercialization and development in China
      (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) (the “Collaboration Territory”), of Amgen’s XGEVA®, KYPROLIS®,
      and BLINCYTO®, and the joint global development of a portfolio of oncology assets in Amgen’s pipeline,
      with the Company responsible for development and commercialization in the Collaboration Territory. The
      agreement became effective on January 2, 2020, following approval by the Company’s shareholders and
      satisfaction of other closing conditions.




304    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     Under the agreement, the Company is responsible for the commercialization of XGEVA®, KYPROLIS® and
     BLINCYTO® in the Collaboration Territory for so long as each product is sold in the Collaboration Territory
     following each product’s regulatory approval in the Collaboration Territory. Amgen is responsible for
     manufacturing the products globally and supplying the products to the Company at an agreed upon price.
     The Company and Amgen share equally in the Collaboration Territory commercial profits and losses during
     the commercialization period.


     Amgen and the Company are also jointly developing a portfolio of Amgen oncology pipeline assets under the
     collaboration. The Company is responsible for conducting clinical development activities in the Collaboration
     Territory and co-funding global development costs by contributing cash and development services up to a
     total cap of US$1,250,000,000. Amgen is responsible for all development, regulatory and commercial activities
     outside of the Collaboration Territory. For each pipeline asset that is approved in the Collaboration Territory,
     the Company will receive commercial rights for seven years from approval. The Company has the right to
     retain approximately one out of every three approved pipeline assets, other than LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib)
     (“AMG 510”), Amgen’s KRAS G12C inhibitor, for commercialization in the Collaboration Territory. The
     Company and Amgen will share equally in the Collaboration Territory commercial profits and losses during the
     commercialization period. The Company is entitled to receive royalties from sales in the Collaboration Territory
     for pipeline assets returned to Amgen for five years after the seven-year commercialization period. The
     Company is also entitled to receive royalties from global sales of each product outside of the Collaboration
     Territory (with the exception of AMG 510).


     In April 2022, the parties entered into the First Amendment to Amgen Collaboration Agreement, which
     amends certain terms and conditions relating to the financial responsibilities of the parties in connection with
     the development and commercialization of certain Amgen proprietary products for the treatment of oncology-
     related diseases and conditions. In connection with the Company’s ongoing assessment of the Amgen
     Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, the Company determined that further investment in the
     development of LUMAKRAS® was no longer commercially viable for the Company. As a result, in February
     2023, the Company and Amgen entered into the Second Amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement
     to (i) stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of LUMAKRAS® during the period starting
     January 1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with
     the termination of LUMAKRAS® from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


     In October 2025, the parties entered into the Third Amendment to Amgen Collaboration Agreement, which
     amends certain terms and conditions relating to financial responsibility for early access programs in certain
     regions of the Collaboration Territory and commercial supply of IMDELLTRA® (tarlatamab-dlle). In November
     2025, the parties entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, which extends
     the Company’s commercialization rights to certain products in the Collaboration Territory.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT          305
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      The Amgen Collaboration Agreement is within the scope of ASC 808, as both parties are active participants
      and are exposed to the risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities performed
      under the agreement. The Company is the principal for product sales to customers in the Collaboration
      Territory during the commercialization period and will recognize 100% of net product revenue on these
      sales. Amounts due to Amgen for its portion of net product sales will be recorded as cost of sales. Cost
      reimbursements due to or from Amgen under the profit share will be recognized as incurred and recorded
      to cost of sales; selling, general and administrative expense; or research and development expense, based
      on the underlying nature of the related activity subject to reimbursement. Costs incurred for the Company’s
      portion of the global co-development funding are recorded to research and development expense as incurred.


      In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement (“Amgen SPA”) was
      entered into by the parties on October 31, 2019. On January 2, 2020, the closing date of the transaction,
      Amgen purchased 15,895,001 of the Company’s ADSs for US$174.85 per ADS, representing a 20.5%
      ownership stake in the Company. Per the Amgen SPA, the cash proceeds shall be used as necessary to fund
      the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Amgen
      SPA, Amgen also received the right to designate one member of the Company’s Board, and Anthony Hooper
      joined the Company’s Board as the Amgen designee in January 2020. Amgen relinquished its right to appoint
      a designated director to the Company’s board of directors in January 2023.


      In determining the fair value of the common stock at closing, the Company considered the closing price
      of the common stock on the closing date of the transaction and included a lack of marketability discount
      because the shares are subject to certain restrictions. The fair value of the shares on the closing date was
      determined to be US$132.74 per ADS, or US$2,109,902,000 in the aggregate. The Company determined that
      the premium paid by Amgen on the share purchase represents a cost share liability due to the Company’s
      co-development obligations. The fair value of the cost share liability on the closing date was determined
      to be US$601,857,000 based on the Company’s discounted estimated future cash flows related to the
      pipeline assets. The estimation of future cash flows involved management assumptions of revenue growth
      rates and probability of technical and regulatory success of the pipeline assets. The total cash proceeds of
      US$2,779,241,000 were allocated based on the relative fair value method, with US$2,162,407,000 recorded
      to equity and US$616,834,000 recorded as a research and development cost share liability. The cost share
      liability is being amortized proportionately as the Company contributes cash and development services to its
      total co-development funding cap.




306    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     Amounts recorded related to the Company’s portion of the co-development funding on the pipeline assets for
     the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                      US$’000         US$’000


     BeOne’s portion of the development funding                                       205,238          148,391
     Less: Amortization of research and development cost share liability              101,095           73,226


     Research and development expense                                                 104,143           75,165


                                                                                                           As of
                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                           2025


     Remaining portion of development funding cap                                                      130,393


     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the research and development cost share liability recorded in the
     Company’s balance sheet was as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                      US$’000         US$’000


     Research and development cost share liability, current portion                    64,345          111,154
     Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion                     –           54,286


     Total research and development cost share liability                               64,345          165,440




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT         307
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      The net reimbursement paid under the commercial profit-sharing agreement for in-line product sales is
      classified in the consolidated statements of operations for the two years ended December 31, 2025 as
      follows:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


      Cost of sales – product                                                             35,985           37,150
      Selling, general and administrative                                                (99,448)         (83,674)
      Research and development                                                             (3,115)         (2,438)


      Total                                                                              (66,578)         (48,962)


      The Company purchases commercial inventory from Amgen to distribute in the Collaboration Territory. Total
      inventory purchases amounted to US$263,896,000 and US$247,655,000, respectively, during the years ended
      December 31, 2025 and 2024. Net amounts payable to Amgen as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were
      US$79,097,000 and US$116,563,000, respectively.


      Out-Licensing Arrangements


      Novartis

      Tislelizumab Collaboration and License


      In January 2021, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting
      Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and
      Japan (the “Novartis Territory”). The Company and Novartis agreed to jointly develop tislelizumab in these
      licensed countries, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
      commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies had the ability to conduct clinical
      trials globally to explore combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments, and the Company has an
      option to co-detail the product in North America, funded in part by Novartis.


      Under the agreement the Company received an upfront cash payment of US$650,000,000 from Novartis. A
      portion of the transaction price was allocated to the R&D services to be performed under the agreement and
      deferred and was being recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D services were performed using a
      percentage-of-completion method.




308    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis (Continued)

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


     In September 2023, the Company and Novartis agreed to mutually terminate the collaboration and license
     agreement, effective immediately. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company regained full, global
     rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab with no royalty payments due to Novartis.
     Novartis may continue its ongoing clinical trials and has the ability to conduct future combination trials with
     tislelizumab subject to the Company’s approval. The Company agreed to provide Novartis with ongoing
     clinical supply of tislelizumab to support its clinical trials. Pursuant to the termination agreement, Novartis
     agreed to provide transition services to the Company to enable key aspects of the tislelizumab development
     and commercialization plan to proceed without disruption, including manufacturing, regulatory, safety and
     clinical support. Upon termination of the agreement in September 2023, there were no further performance
     obligations, and the remaining deferred revenue balance associated with the tislelizumab R&D services was
     recognized in full.


     The following table summarizes collaboration revenue recognized in connection with the tislelizumab
     collaboration and license agreement for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


     Other1                                                                                        –            2,113


     Total                                                                                         –            2,113

     1
             Represents revenue recognized on sale of tislelizumab clinical supply to Novartis in conjunction with the
             collaboration.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT         309
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement

      In December 2021, the Company expanded its collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option,
      collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Company’s
      investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, the Company and Novartis
      entered into an agreement granting the Company rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
      oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR®
      (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets.” In
      the first quarter of 2022, the Company initiated marketing and promotion of these five products.


      Under the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, the Company received an upfront cash
      payment of US$300,000,000. At inception, a portion of the upfront cash payment was deferred related to
      performance obligations to be satisfied at a later point in time or over time.


      In July 2023, the Company and Novartis mutually agreed to terminate the ociperlimab option, collaboration
      and license agreement, effective immediately. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company regained
      full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab. Upon termination the Company
      had no further performance obligations under the collaboration, and all remaining deferred revenue balances
      were recognized in full. The China broad markets agreement remains in place.


      The following table summarizes collaboration revenue recognized in connection with the ociperlimab option,
      collaboration and license agreement for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                          US$’000         US$’000


      Novartis broad markets revenue                                                       17,598           18,259


      Total                                                                                17,598           18,259




310    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE, LICENSING AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development


     The Company has in-licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and, if approved, commercialize multiple
     development stage drug candidates globally or in specific territories. These arrangements typically include
     non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory and
     commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing arrangements, royalty payments, and profit
     sharing.


     Upfront and milestone payments made under these arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2025
     and 2024 are set forth below. All upfront and development milestones were expensed to research and
     development expense. All regulatory and commercial milestones were capitalized as intangible assets and
     are being amortized over the remainder of the respective product patent or the term of the commercialization
     agreements.


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2025           2024
     Payments due to collaboration partners     Classification                              US$’000       US$’000


     Upfront payments                           Research and development expense                 691        60,027
     Development milestone payments             Research and development expense                   –        54,000
     Regulatory and commercial
       milestone payments                       Intangible asset                              20,000             –


     Total                                                                                    20,691      114,027


     The Company has entered into a number of in-licensing collaborative arrangements during the years ended
     December 31, 2025 and 2024. A summary of amounts incurred under these arrangements is included above.
     The Company may be required to pay additional amounts upon the achievement of various development
     and commercial milestones under these agreements. The Company may also incur significant research and
     development costs if the related product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition,
     if any products related to these collaborations are approved for sale, the Company may be required to pay
     significant milestones upon approval and milestones and/or royalties on future sales. The payment of these
     amounts, however, is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of
     uncertainty of occurrence.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         311
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    SALE OF FUTURE IMDELLTRA® ROYALTIES


      On August 25, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement (“Royalty Agreement”) to sell its royalty rights
      on the worldwide sales, excluding China, of Amgen’s IMDELLTRA® (tarlatamab-dlle) for up to US$950,000,000
      to Royalty Pharma Investments 2023 ICAV (“Royalty Pharma”). Under the terms of the Royalty Agreement,
      the Company received a non-refundable upfront payment of US$885,000,000 upon closing of the Royalty
      Agreement. Subsequently, the Company exercised its option to sell additional royalties to Royalty Pharma
      and received US$26,000,000 in the fourth quarter of 2025. The Company will share in a portion of the royalty
      on annual sales above US$1.5 billion, and will maintain royalty and all other rights to other assets under the
      terms of its collaboration agreement with Amgen.


      The Company evaluated the arrangement and determined that the proceeds from the sale of future
      IMDELLTRA® royalties, as well as the option to sell remaining royalties when and if exercised, should be
      treated as a financing liability according to ASC 470, Debt due to the Company’s continuing involvement
      with the Amgen collaboration. At the transaction date, the Company recognized the upfront proceeds of
      US$885,000,000 and, subsequently, the option proceeds of US$26,000,000, as liabilities and is amortizing
      them using the effective interest method over the life of the arrangement. The Company imputes interest
      expense associated with the liability using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is the
      rate that equates the present value of the estimate of remaining royalty revenues payable to Royalty Pharma
      with the carrying amount of the liability. The interest rate on the sale of future royalty liability may vary during
      the term of the agreement depending on a number of factors, including the royalty revenues forecast. The
      Company evaluates the interest rate quarterly based on its expectations of future royalty revenues, historical
      experience and current market conditions using the prospective method. A significant increase or decrease in
      future royalty revenues will materially impact the timing of royalty sale liability amortization, interest expense
      and the time period for repayment. The Company will assess the expected payments to Royalty Pharma
      quarterly, and, to the extent the amount or timing of such payments is materially different than its initial
      estimates, the Company will prospectively adjust the amortization of the liability and the related interest
      expense.


      The repayment of this obligation to Royalty Pharma will be made upon the receipt of royalties from Amgen
      throughout the royalty period. The repayment does not follow a fixed repayment schedule and will be
      recognized over the life of the royalty stream, which is expected to occur through at least 2041. The Royalty
      Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnification provisions.




312    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   SALE OF FUTURE IMDELLTRA® ROYALTIES (Continued)


     As of December 31, 2025, the royalty financing obligation recorded in the Company’s balance sheet was as
     follows:


                                                                                                                As of
                                                                                                       December 31,
                                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                             US$’000


     Sale of future royalty liability, current portion                                                        56,714
     Sale of future royalty liability, non-current portion                                                   850,242


     Total sale of future royalty liability                                                                  906,956


     The following table summarizes the sale of future royalty liability activity during the year ended December 31,
     2025:


                                                                                               Royalty Sale Liability
                                                                                                             US$’000


     Balance at August 25, 2025                                                                              885,000
     Proceeds from option exercise                                                                            26,000
     Payments to Royalty Pharma, excluding effective interest payments                                         (4,044)


     Balance at December 31, 2025                                                                            906,956


     The carrying value of the sale of future royalty liability approximates fair value as of December 31, 2025 and is
     based on the Company’s current estimates of future royalties expected to be paid to Royalty Pharma over the
     life of the royalty stream, which are considered Level 3 inputs. The Company recognized interest expense of
     US$19,760,000 related to this arrangement for the year ended December 31, 2025, of which US$14,180,000
     was accrued as of December 31, 2025. The effective annual imputed interest rate was 6.4% as of December
     31, 2025.




                                                  BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          313
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.    RESTRICTED CASH


      The Company’s restricted cash primarily consist of RMB-denominated cash deposits held in designated
      bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit and cash used to settle employee benefit obligations and
      related taxes. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current based on term of restriction.
      Restricted cash as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      Short-term restricted cash                                                          41,284             9,312
      Long-term restricted cash                                                           20,833             2,025


      Total                                                                               62,117            11,337


      In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
      the proceeds from the STAR Offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
      offering prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved by
      the Board of the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had cash remaining related to the STAR
      Offering proceeds of US$146,253,000.




314    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.   INVESTMENTS


     The following table summarizes the Company’s investments in equity securities:


                                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000


     Equity securities with readily determinable fair values1                                                  2              2,281
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair values
         Pi Health, Inc.2                                                                                   422              40,798
         Other   3
                                                                                                        32,732               48,157
     Equity-method investments 4                                                                        22,387               33,081


     Total                                                                                              55,543             124,317

     1
             Represents common stock and warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock of a publicly-traded
             biotechnology company. The Company measures the investment in the common stock and warrants at fair value,
             with changes in fair value recorded to other (expense) income, net. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company sold
             its common stock holdings.

     2
             In the first quarter of 2024, the Company divested the net assets comprising substantially all of its Pi Health business
             with a carrying value of US$38,063,000. The consideration received for the divestiture consisted of preferred stock
             in a newly formed entity, Pi Health, Inc., with a fair value of US$40,798,000 and cash consideration of US$1,000,000.
             The transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of US$3,735,000 recorded within other (expense) income, net during
             year ended December 31, 2024. The Company accounts for its investment as a private equity security without a
             readily determinable fair value, and the divestiture was not treated as a discontinued operation in the Statement of
             Operations and therefore the historical results of operations of the Pi Health business will remain in the Company’s
             continuing operations. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company recognized an impairment loss of US$40,376,000
             within other (expense) income, net resulting from a decline in enterprise value in business reorganization.

     3
             In the third quarter of 2025, the Company recognized an impairment loss of US$15,552,000 within other (expense)
             income, net, resulting from a decline in the enterprise value related to a business acquisition of one of its investees.

     4
             In the first quarter of 2025, as a result of the wind-down of the operations and related financial obligations of one
             of the Company’s equity-method investments, the investment’s fair value was assessed to be zero. The Company
             recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss of US$12,376,000 within unrealized losses from equity-method
             investments.




                                                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.               •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT             315
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.    INVESTMENTS (Continued)


      The following table summarizes realized and unrealized losses related to investments in equity securities
      recorded in other (expense) income, net:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


      Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                               (1,252)           (1,307)
      Equity securities without readily determinable fair values                           (58,282)           (7,596)
      Equity-method investments                                                            (14,982)          (10,275)


      The following table summarizes the portion of unrealized losses that relates to equity securities still held by
      the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025:


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                               2025
                                                                                                            US$’000


      Net losses recognized on equity securities                                                             (74,516)
      Less: net losses recognized on equity securities sold                                                  (16,638)


      Net unrealized losses on equity securities held at end of period                                       (57,878)




316    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


     Accounts receivable                                                                  866,518           677,270
     Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                      (1,438)               (992)


     Total                                                                                865,080           676,278


     The Company’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit periods generally
     range from 30 to 120 days. The Company seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
     and overdue balances are regularly reviewed. The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit
     enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivable are non-interest-bearing. An aging
     analysis of the accounts receivable, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


     Within 1 year                                                                        863,927           676,278
     Over 1 year                                                                             1,153                    –


     Total                                                                                865,080           676,278


     Changes in the allowance for credit losses related to trade accounts receivable consist of the following:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


     Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                        992               2,026
     Provision/(Reversal) for expected credit losses                                           527               (1,034)
     Written-off                                                                               (79)                  (1)
     Exchange rate changes                                                                       (2)                  1


     Ending balance, as of December 31                                                       1,438                 992




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT             317
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.    LEASES


      The Company has operating leases for office and manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Switzerland, and
      China. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to five years, some of which include options to extend
      the leases that have not been included in the calculation of the Company’s lease liabilities and ROU assets.
      The Company has land use rights, which represent land acquired for the biologics manufacturing facility in
      Guangzhou, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and office facility in Changping,
      Beijing, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and manufacturing facility in Suzhou,
      and the land acquired for the Company’s research and development facility in Shanghai. The Company also
      has certain leases with terms of 12 months or less for certain equipment, office and lab space, which are
      expensed and not recorded on the balance sheet.


      The components of lease expense were as follows:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


      Operating lease cost                                                               24,899            26,575
      Variable lease cost                                                                  4,282             4,580
      Short-term lease cost                                                                1,804             2,897


      Total lease cost                                                                   30,985            34,052


      Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


      Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                69,306            60,639
      Land use rights, net                                                               78,878            78,670


      Total operating lease right-of-use assets                                         148,184           139,309


      Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                     20,698            17,576
      Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                                   52,940            44,277


      Total lease liabilities                                                            73,638            61,853




318     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.   LEASES (Continued)


     Maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                       Amounts
                                                                                                       US$’000


     Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                       23,653
     Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                       21,761
     Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                       16,453
     Year ending December 31, 2029                                                                       11,173
     Year ending December 31, 2030                                                                           6,641
     Thereafter                                                                                               888


     Total lease payments                                                                                80,569
     Less imputed interest                                                                               (6,931)


     Present value of lease liabilities                                                                  73,638


     Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized below:


                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


     Operating cash flows used in operating leases                                       24,000          56,005
     ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities                 29,826          47,066


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024


     Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                            4                 4
     Weighted-average discount rate                                                      5.02%           5.23%




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT         319
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET


      Property, plant and equipment, net are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and consisted of the
      following:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


      Land                                                                               71,434          65,485
      Building                                                                         1,187,836        607,857
      Manufacturing equipment                                                           273,769         244,255
      Laboratory equipment                                                              309,471         240,885
      Software, electronics and office equipment                                        124,136         100,348
      Leasehold improvements                                                             76,568          64,680


      Property and equipment, at cost                                                  2,043,214      1,323,510
      Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                    (528,695)      (399,105)
      Construction in progress                                                          127,159         654,018


      Property, plant and equipment, net                                               1,641,678      1,578,423


      The Company has made a significant investment in its newly opened manufacturing and R&D center in
      Hopewell, New Jersey. In the year ended December 31, 2025, US$469,006,000 of assets were placed into
      service. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had construction in progress of US$91,390,000 related to
      the Hopewell facility, the majority of which will be put into service in 2026.




320    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Continued)


     Construction in progress (“CIP”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 primarily related to the Hopewell facility
     and the research and development facility acquired in 2024. CIP by fixed asset class are summarized as
     follows:


                                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                                         US$’000                  US$’000


     Manufacturing equipment                                                                                  92,673               89,897
     Laboratory equipment                                                                                       7,997                9,805
     Building                                                                                                 16,442              528,629
     Other                                                                                                    10,047               25,687


     Total                                                                                                127,159                 654,018


     Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were US$131,615,000 and
     US$166,938,000, respectively. Included within depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2024 is
     US$59,792,000 of accelerated depreciation expense resulting from the move of production to more efficient,
     larger scale equipment for TEVIMBRA.


10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET


     Intangible assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized as follows:


                                                               December 31, 2025                              December 31, 2024
                                                      Gross                                          Gross
                                                    carrying     Accumulated        Intangible     carrying     Accumulated        Intangible
                                                    amount        amortization     assets, net     amount        amortization     assets, net
                                                   US$’000           US$’000         US$’000      US$’000           US$’000         US$’000


     Finite-lived intangible assets:
     Developed products                              77,486            (15,291)        62,195       62,889           (12,370)         50,519
     Other                                            8,987             (8,478)           509        8,987              (8,411)          576


     Total finite-lived intangible assets            86,473            (23,769)        62,704       71,876           (20,781)         51,095


     Developed products represent post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization
     agreements. The Company is amortizing the developed products over the remainder of the respective product
     patent or the term of the commercialization agreements.




                                                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                   •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT                 321
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (Continued)


      Amortization expense for developed products is included in cost of sales-product in the accompanying
      consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for other intangible assets is included in
      selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
      weighted-average life for each finite-lived intangible assets is approximately 10 years. Amortization expense is
      as follows:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Amortization expense – Cost of sales – product                                         10,004             4,729
      Amortization expense – Selling, general and administrative                                 67                95


      Total                                                                                  10,071             4,824


      Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years and thereafter, as of December 31,
      2025 is as follows:


                                                                                            Selling,
                                                                                       General and
                                                                   Cost of Sales –   Administrative
      Year Ending December 31,                                            Product          Expense              Total
                                                                         US$’000           US$’000           US$’000


      2026                                                                  6,226                67             6,293
      2027                                                                  6,226                67             6,293
      2028                                                                  6,226                67             6,293
      2029                                                                  6,226                67             6,293
      2030                                                                  6,226                67             6,293
      2031 and thereafter                                                  31,065               174            31,239


      Total                                                                62,195               509            62,704




322    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES


   The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                    US$’000        US$’000


   Switzerland                                                                      189,967         277,710
   U.S.                                                                             203,189         201,516
   PRC                                                                               (66,300)      (263,159)
   Other                                                                             89,998        (749,068)


   Total                                                                            416,854        (533,001)


   The current and deferred components of the income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations are as
   follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                    US$’000        US$’000


   Current tax expense
   Switzerland                                                                           82               2
   U.S.                                                                              39,305          57,222
   PRC                                                                               23,133          12,331
   Other                                                                             57,932          16,223


   Total                                                                            120,452          85,778


   Deferred tax expense (benefit)
   Switzerland                                                                             –              –
   U.S.                                                                               6,039          23,556
   PRC                                                                                5,450             180
   Other                                                                              (2,020)         2,271


   Total                                                                              9,469          26,007


   Income tax expense                                                               129,921         111,785




                                          BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT       323
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The Company established tax residency in Switzerland upon the Continuation and adopted ASU 2023-09
      on a prospective basis beginning with the year ended December 31, 2025. The following table presents the
      required disclosure pursuant to ASC 2023-09 and reconciles the Switzerland federal statutory tax amount and
      rate to the Company’s actual global effective income tax amount and rate for the year ended December 31,
      2025:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025
                                                                                       US$’000           Percent


      Income before income taxes                                                       416,854
      Switzerland federal statutory tax rate                                             35,433            8.5%
      State and local income tax, net of federal income tax effect1                      (1,789)          (0.4)%


      Foreign tax effects
        United States
          Statutory tax rate difference between the U.S. and Switzerland                 25,399            6.1%
          State and local income tax, net of federal income tax effect2
                                                                                          9,610            2.3%
          Share-based payment awards                                                    (17,702)          (4.2)%
          Foreign-derived intangible income                                             (15,337)          (3.7)%
          Unremitted earnings                                                             6,039            1.4%
          Research tax credits and incentives                                           (35,048)          (8.4)%
          Changes in valuation allowances                                                47,084           11.3%
          Other                                                                             960            0.2%
        China
          Statutory tax rate difference between China and Switzerland                    (2,122)          (0.5)%
          Share-based payment awards                                                     37,822            9.1%
          Non-deductible business expenses                                               12,676            3.0%
          Research tax credits and incentives                                           (23,404)          (5.6)%
          Effect of changes in tax rates                                                  5,283            1.3%
          Deferred asset adjustment                                                      10,239            2.5%
          Changes in valuation allowances                                               (19,272)          (4.6)%
          Other                                                                           3,839            0.9%
        Australia
          Statutory tax rate difference between Australia and Switzerland                 9,089            2.2%
          Share-based payment awards                                                      3,076            0.7%
          Changes in valuation allowances                                                16,013            3.8%
          Other                                                                             421            0.1%




324    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


                                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                     US$’000                 Percent


         Germany
           Statutory tax rate difference between Germany and Switzerland                                 2,453                 0.6%
           Share-based payment awards                                                                    2,158                 0.5%
           Other                                                                                        (2,671)               (0.6)%
         Italy
           Changes in valuation allowances                                                               4,260                 1.0%
           Other                                                                                         2,360                 0.6%
         Cayman Islands
           Statutory tax rate difference between Cayman Islands and Switzerland                          4,253                 1.0%
           Other                                                                                            59                 0.0%
         Japan                                                                                           1,928                 0.5%
         Brazil                                                                                          1,827                 0.4%
    Other foreign jurisdictions                                                                          3,055                 0.7%
    Changes in valuation allowance                                                                     (12,725)               (3.1)%
    Changes in unrecognized tax benefits                                                               16,208                  3.9%
    Other adjustments                                                                                   (1,553)               (0.4)%


    Effective tax rate                                                                                129,921                 31.2%

    1.
             Local taxes in Basel-Stadt canton made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category.

    2.
             State taxes in Kentucky, Tennessee, New York, and New York City made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the
             tax effect in this category.




                                                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT              325
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The following table presents the required disclosures prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09 and reconciles the
      U.S. statutory tax rate to the Company’s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                       Year Ended
                                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                          US$’000


      Loss before tax                                                                                     (533,001)
      U.S. statutory tax rate                                                                                 21%
      Expected taxation at U.S. statutory tax rate                                                        (111,930)


      Foreign and preferential tax rate differential                                                        93,741
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                                1,130
      Share-based payment awards                                                                            53,446
      State tax (benefit)                                                                                   (7,988)
      Change in valuation allowance                                                                       157,286
      Tax relief credits                                                                                         –
      Research tax credits and incentives                                                                  (43,602)
      Deductible research expenses                                                                         (13,644)
      Tax on unremitted earnings                                                                            23,743
      Foreign-derived intangible income                                                                    (40,397)


      Taxation for the year                                                                               111,785


      Effective tax rate                                                                                   (21.0)%




326    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                          US$’000            US$’000


    Accruals and reserves                                                                  168,454           121,549
    Net operating losses carryforward                                                    1,338,800         1,137,890
    Share-based compensation                                                                42,236            38,397
    Research tax credits                                                                    40,224            34,561
    Tax relief credits                                                                     704,928           704,928
    Intangible asset amortization                                                        1,020,858         1,081,442
    Lease liability                                                                         14,960            11,882
    R&D and other capitalized costs                                                        361,557           277,061


    Total gross deferred tax assets                                                      3,692,017         3,407,710
    Less: valuation allowance                                                            (3,648,017)       (3,403,505)


    Net deferred tax assets                                                                 44,000              4,205
    Property, plant and equipment, net                                                      (53,199)          (10,795)
    Tax on unremitted earnings                                                              (29,995)          (23,735)
    Right of use asset                                                                      (14,015)          (11,682)


    Total gross deferred tax liabilities                                                    (97,209)          (46,212)


    Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                                                   (53,209)          (42,007)


    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes
    that as of December 31, 2025, it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be realized for
    the Company’s subsidiaries in Australia, Switzerland, the U.S. and certain subsidiaries in China. For the years
    ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, there was an increase in the valuation allowance of US$158,816,000
    and US$157,286,000, respectively. Adjustments could be required in the future if the Company estimates that
    the amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          327
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      During 2025, the Company reevaluated its indefinite reinvestment assertions and concluded that a portion of
      earnings from certain subsidiaries, primarily in the U.S., Canada, Argentina and Israel, are no longer indefinitely
      reinvested. Accordingly, the Company recognized a deferred tax liability of US$29,995,000, representing
      the estimated withholding taxes that would be incurred upon the future distribution of these earnings. The
      Company continues to assert that earnings in its other jurisdictions remain indefinitely reinvested. The
      Company has not recorded a deferred tax liability for these jurisdictions because the determination of the
      amount of the associated unrecognized deferred tax liability is not practicable, as it depends on the timing,
      manner, and tax consequences of potential future distributions, all of which remain uncertain.


      The valuation allowances for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                             US$’000           US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                    3,403,505         2,771,470
      Additions/(subtractions) charged to income tax provision                                158,816           157,286
      Additions/(subtractions) charged to equity                                               50,721           497,823
      Currency translation and other                                                           34,975              (23,074)


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                     3,648,017         3,403,505


      As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had net operating losses of approximately
      US$7,598,546,000 and US$6,720,659,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, net operating losses were
      primarily comprised of: US$2,239,157,000 from entities in the PRC which expire in years 2026 through 2035;
      and US$5,359,251,000 derived from Switzerland which expires in years 2026 through 2032. The Company
      has approximately US$50,843,000 of U.S. research tax credits which will expire between 2037 and 2045 and
      approximately US$704,928,000 of Switzerland tax relief credits which will expire in 2028, if not utilized.




328    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000


    Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                     17,239            14,264
    Additions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                              5,957                 –
    Reductions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                 –                 –
    Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                         4,639             2,975
    Reductions based on lapse of statute of limitations                                          –                 –


    Ending balance, as of December 31                                                      27,835            17,239


    Current and prior year additions include assessment of U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives
    and intercompany positions taken in China. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had US$27,835,000 of
    unrecognized tax benefits substantially all of which, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate. The
    Company does not anticipate that the amount of existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change
    within the next 12 months.


    The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income
    tax expense. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s accrued interest and penalties were
    US$2,676,000 related to positions taken in the U.S. and US$3,264,000 related to positions taken in China. For
    the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company’s accrued interest and penalties, where applicable, related
    to uncertain tax positions were not material.


    The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
    tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2025, Australia tax matters are open to
    examination for the years 2014 through 2025, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2015
    through 2025, Switzerland tax matters are open to examination for the years 2021 through 2025, and U.S.
    federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2016 through 2025. Other U.S. states and non-US
    tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination for 2015 through 2025.
    Various U.S., foreign and state income tax returns are currently under examination by taxing authorities, with
    potential income tax liabilities estimated and updated in light of available facts and circumstances. Due to the
    uncertain and complex application of income tax regulations globally, it is possible that the ultimate resolution
    of audits may result in liabilities that could be materially different from original estimates. In such an event,
    the Company will record additional income tax expense or income tax benefit in the period in which such
    resolution occurs.




                                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          329
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The following table summarizes income taxes paid, net of refunds received, for the year ended December 31,
      2025, as required by ASU 2023-09:


                                                                                                       Year Ended
                                                                                                    December 31,
                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                          US$’000


      U.S. federal                                                                                          40,500
      U.S. state and local
        Kentucky                                                                                             6,065
        Other                                                                                                3,831
      Foreign
        China                                                                                               15,472
        Australia                                                                                           14,575
        Italy                                                                                                5,691
        Other                                                                                               14,547


      Total income taxes paid                                                                             100,681


      The following table presents income taxes paid for the year ended December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                       Year Ended
                                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                          US$’000


      Income taxes paid                                                                                     69,430


      The Company qualifies for the Technology Advanced Service Enterprises and High and New Technology
      Enterprise status for certain subsidiaries in China, which began to expire at the end of 2025. The income tax
      benefits attributable to this status for the year ended December 31, 2025 is approximately US$5,953,000, or
      less than US$0.01 per share outstanding.




330    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION


   Inventories, net consisted of the following:


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                    US$’000        US$’000


   Raw materials                                                                    236,190         170,584
   Work in process                                                                  122,681          60,118
   Finished goods                                                                   249,356         264,284


   Total inventories, net                                                           608,227         494,986


   Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                    US$’000        US$’000


   Prepaid research and development costs                                            52,594          64,277
   Short-term restricted cash                                                        41,284              9,312
   Prepaid taxes                                                                     42,232          23,792
   Other receivables                                                                 21,781          32,828
   Prepaid general and administrative expenses                                       22,209          21,253
   Prepaid insurance                                                                  9,759              6,242
   Prepaid manufacturing cost                                                         3,935          19,333
   Other current assets                                                              18,958          15,882


   Total                                                                            212,752         192,919




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT         331
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


      Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


      Long-term investments                                               61,678         128,933
      Long-term restricted cash                                           20,833              2,025
      Rental deposits and other                                           10,470              8,481
      Prepayment of property and equipment                                 4,964              5,927
      Prepaid VAT                                                          3,504              2,875
      Prepaid supply cost                                                    969          12,249


      Total                                                              102,418         160,490


      Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


      Compensation related                                               305,055         248,348
      Sales rebates and returns related                                  398,533         235,600
      External research and development activities related               156,525         154,269
      Commercial activities                                              118,449          77,530
      Accrued general and administrative expenses                         36,635          31,106
      Individual income tax and other taxes                               60,359          34,904
      Other                                                               33,564          21,956


      Total                                                             1,109,120        803,713




332    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


   Other long-term liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                   US$’000          US$’000


   Deferred government grant income                                                  28,979           30,324
   Pension liability                                                                 18,170           16,405
   Asset retirement obligation                                                        3,565             3,794
   Other                                                                             29,531           16,212


   Total                                                                             80,245           66,735


13. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE


   An aging analysis of the accounts payables as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, based on the invoice date, is
   as follows:


                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                   US$’000          US$’000


   Within 1 year                                                                    478,383          404,738
   Over 1 year                                                                          652              259


   Total                                                                            479,035          404,997


   The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
   demand.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.    •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         333
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT


      Facilities Agreement


      In November 2025, BeOne Medicines Ltd. entered into the Facilities Agreement (the “Facilities Agreement”),
      by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
      Corporation Limited (“HSBC”), as global coordinator, original mandated lead arranger and bookrunner, agent
      and security agent, and certain financial institutions listed in the Facilities Agreement, as lenders. The Facilities
      Agreement provides for a US$140,000,000 U.S. dollar-denominated, 2-year, B1 revolving credit facility (the
      “B1 Revolving Loan Facility”), a US$560,000,000 U.S. dollar-denominated, 2-year, B2 term loan facility (the
      “B2 Term Loan Facility” and, together with the B1 Revolving Loan Facility, the “B Loan Facilities”), and a
      RMB2,150,000,000 Renminbi-denominated, 3-year, A term loan facility (the “A Loan Facility”) (collectively, the
      “Loan Facilities”). Subsequently, the Company consummated the refinancing of its short-term working capital
      loans of US$768,375,000 in aggregate through the proceeds from the B2 Term Loan Facility and A Loan
      Facility.


      The following table presents outstanding borrowings under the Facilities Agreement:


                                                                                                                     As of
                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                 US$’000


      A Loan Facility                                                                                              12,298
      Less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                         (3,235)


      Total short-term debt                                                                                          9,063


      A Loan Facility                                                                                             295,152
      B2 Term Loan Facility                                                                                       560,000
      Less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                        (18,783)


      Total long-term debt                                                                                        836,369


      The A Loan Facility requires repayment of 4% of the aggregate amount outstanding every six months
      beginning on November 24, 2026, with all remaining principal outstanding due on November 24, 2028. The
      B2 Term Loan Facility requires repayment of 10% of the aggregate amount outstanding every three months
      beginning on June 15, 2027, with all remaining principal outstanding due on December 15, 2027, unless
      the final repayment date is extended. The Company may voluntarily prepay borrowings, in whole or in part,
      under the Facilities Agreement without premium or penalty. The Facilities Agreement also contains certain
      customary mandatory prepayment provisions in the event that the Company undergoes a change of control
      and in relation to disposal and insurance proceeds.




334     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)


    Facilities Agreement (Continued)


    The A Loan Facility is subject to an interest rate equal to the Reference Rate (RMB) (as defined in the Facilities
    Agreement) plus a margin of 0.65% per annum. The B Loan Facilities are subject to an interest rate equal
    to the Reference Rate (USD) (as defined in the Facilities Agreement) plus a margin of 2.40% per annum. In
    addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal, the Company is also required to pay a commitment
    fee of 0.85% on the undrawn and uncancelled amounts under the Loan Facilities.


    As of December 31, 2025, the B1 Revolving Loan Facility was available for borrowing. Excluding commitment
    fees, the interest rate for the A Loan Facility and B2 Term Loan Facility was 3.65% and 6.10%, respectively,
    as of December 31, 2025.


    The Loan Facilities are guaranteed by BeOne Medicines UK, Ltd., BeOne Medicines US Holdings, LLC, BeOne
    Medicines I GmbH, BeOne Medicines (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, BeOne Medicines Aus Pty Ltd, BG NC, Ltd.,
    BG NC, Ltd., BeOne Medicines Hopewell Urban Renewal, LLC, BeOne Medicines US Manufacturing Co.,
    Inc., BeOne Medicines Treasury Ltd., and BeOne Medicines USA, Inc. (collectively, “Guarantors”). Except as
    otherwise provided by applicable law, all obligations under the Loan Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed
    jointly and severally by the Guarantors.


    Subject to certain limitations, the Loan Facilities are secured on a first priority basis granted in favor of HSBC
    (as security agent on behalf of the secured parties) by: (a) a security interest in the equity interests of a
    member of the Company and its subsidiaries and (b) security interests in, and mortgage on, the Company’s
    manufacturing and clinical R&D facility in New Jersey.


    The Facilities Agreement contains various customary representations, warranties and covenants applicable to
    the Company and its subsidiaries. In addition, the Facilities Agreement contains financial covenants, including
    covenants requiring the maintenance of: (i) a minimum cash interest coverage ratio of not less than 5.00 to 1.00;
    (ii) a net leverage ratio of not greater than 2.50 to 1.00; (iii) a minimum total consolidated shareholders’ equity
    of not less than US$2.7 billion; (iv) a minimum cash balance held outside the PRC by the Company and the
    Guarantors of US$500.0 million; (v) a maximum financial indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries
    not to exceed US$2.0 billion; and (vi) a maximum financial indebtedness of the Company’s subsidiaries that
    are incorporated or registered in the PRC not to exceed US$500.0 million. The Company was compliant with
    the required covenants as of December 31, 2025.


    In connection with the execution of the Facilities Agreement, the Company capitalized US$23,392,000 of
    debt issuance costs. The Company allocated these costs among the Loan Facilities based on the maximum
    borrowing capacity and amortizes the costs using the effective interest method for the A Loan Facility and
    B2 Term Loan Facility and on a straight-line basis for the B1 Revolving Loan Facility. Non-cash interest
    expense related to the amortization of the debt issuance costs for the year ended December 31, 2025 was
    US$692,000.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           335
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)


      Other Bank Loans


      The following table summarizes the Company’s short-term working capital loans and project loans of
      December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                                                        As of December 31,
      Lender                   Borrower                                            Term      Maturity Date       Note     2025          2024
                                                                                                                        US$’000     US$’000


      China Construction Bank BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.    9-year    June 11, 2027         1     21,450       16,440
      China Merchants Bank     BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.   9-year    January 20, 2029      2      8,989        8,611
      China Merchants Bank     BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.   9-year    November 8, 2029      3      8,497        8,148
      China CITIC Bank         BeOne Pharmaceutical (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.             10-year   July 28, 2032         4      9,294        1,384
      China Merchants Bank     BeOne Medicines Ltd.                                1-year    January 21, 2026      5          –      380,000
      China Minsheng Bank      BeOne Medicines Ltd.                                1-year    December 16, 2025     6          –      150,000
      China Industrial Bank    BeOne Medicines USA, Inc.                           364-days June 28, 2026          7          –              –
      China Industrial Bank    BeOne Medicines Ltd.                                364-days March 27, 2025         8          –       92,475
      China Merchants Bank     BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.   1-year    June 5, 2025          9          –       54,800
      HSBC Bank                BeOne Medicines Ltd.                                1-year    June 17, 2026        10          –       46,580
      Shanghai Pudong          BeOne Medicines Ltd.                                1-year    November 24, 2025    11          –       93,091
        Development Bank


      Total short-term debt                                                                                              48,230      851,529


      China Construction Bank BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.    9-year    June 11, 2027         1     21,450       41,100
      China Merchants Bank     BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.   9-year    January 20, 2029      2     20,224       27,987
      China Merchants Bank     BeOne Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.   9-year    November 8, 2029      3     25,970       33,020
      China CITIC Bank         BeOne Pharmaceutical (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.             10-year   July 28, 2032         4     57,900       64,377


      Total long-term debt                                                                                              125,544      166,484


      1.       The credit facility offers a borrowing capacity of RMB580,000,000, denominated in RMB, and bears floating interest
               rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.8% as of
               December 31, 2025. The outstanding principal balance is payable in semi-annual installments. The Company repaid
               US$17,225,000 (or RMB120,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2025. The loan is secured by BeOne
               Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.’s property ownership certificate and fixed assets.


      2.       The credit facility offers a borrowing capacity of RMB350,000,000, denominated in RMB, and bears floating interest
               rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.4%
               as of December 31, 2025. The outstanding principal balance is payable in quarterly installments. The Company
               repaid US$8,726,000 (RMB62,857,000) during the year ended December 31, 2025. The loan is secured by BeOne
               Guangzhou Factory’s south district land use right and certain fixed assets.




336        BEONE MEDICINES LTD.               •       2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)


    Other Bank Loans (Continued)

    3.    The credit facility offers a borrowing capacity of RMB378,000,000, denominated in RMB, and bears floating interest
          rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.2% as
          of December 31, 2025. The outstanding principal balance is payable in quarterly installments. The Company repaid
          US$8,287,000 (RMB59,475,000) during the year ended December 31, 2025. The loan is secured by fixed assets
          placed into service in the third phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s buildout.


    4.    The credit facility offers a borrowing capacity of RMB480,000,000, denominated in RMB, and bears floating interest
          rate benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.3% as
          of December 31, 2025. The outstanding principal balance is payable in semi-annual installments. The Company
          repaid US$1,442,000 (RMB10,100,000) during the year ended December 31, 2025. The loan is secured by BeOne
          Pharmaceutical (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.’s property ownership certificate of the small molecule manufacturing campus in
          Suzhou, China.


    5.    The working capital loan facility offers a borrowing capacity of up to US$380,000,000, denominated in USD, and
          bears floating interest rates benchmarking the secured overnight financing rate. The Company repaid the loan with
          the proceeds from the Loan Facilities in the fourth quarter of 2025.


    6.    The working capital loan facility offers a borrowing capacity of up to US$150,000,000, denominated in USD. The
          Company repaid the loan with the proceeds from the Loan Facilities in the fourth quarter of 2025.


    7.    The working capital loan facility offered a borrowing capacity of up to RMB675,000,000, denominated in RMB. The
          Company drew down the facility in the second quarter of 2025 and repaid the loan with the proceeds from the Loan
          Facilities in the fourth quarter of 2025.


    8.    The working capital loan facility offered a borrowing capacity of up to RMB675,000,000, denominated in RMB. The
          Company repaid the loan during the year ended December 31, 2025.


    9.    The working capital loan facility offers a borrowing capacity of up to RMB400,000,000, denominated in RMB. The
          Company repaid the loan during the year ended December 31, 2025.


    10.   The working capital loan facility offers a borrowing capacity of up to RMB340,000,000, denominated in RMB, and
          bears floating interest rates benchmarking Hong Kong interbank market rate for RMB. The Company repaid the loan
          with the proceeds from the Loan Facilities in the fourth quarter of 2025.


    11.   The working capital loan facility offers a borrowing capacity of up to RMB700,000,000, denominated in RMB. The
          Company repaid the loan with the proceeds from the Loan Facilities in the fourth quarter of 2025.


    The Company has numerous financial and non-financial covenants on its debt obligations with the lenders
    above. Some of these covenants include default and/or cross-default provisions that could require
    acceleration of repayment of loans in the event of default. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in
    compliance with all covenants of its material debt agreements.




                                                 BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT            337
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)


      Contractual Maturities of Debt Obligations


      The aggregate contractual maturities of all borrowings due subsequent to December 31, 2025 are as follows:


      Maturity dates                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                              US$’000


      Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                            60,528
      Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                           632,825
      Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                           297,337
      Year ending December 31, 2029                                                                            20,518
      Year ending December 31, 2030                                                                              9,295
      Thereafter                                                                                               20,721


      Total                                                                                                 1,041,224


      Interest Expense


      Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. Excluding the amortization
      of debt issuance costs, interest expense on bank loans for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
      2024 amounted to US$49,950,000 and US$46,894,000, respectively, among which, US$12,443,000 and
      US$32,158,000 was capitalized, respectively. Interest paid for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
      net of amounts capitalized, amounted to US$34,428,000 and US$19,723,000, respectively.


15. PRODUCT REVENUE


      The Company’s product revenue is primarily derived from the sale of its internally developed products
      BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA in the U.S., China, and other regions; XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS®
      in China under a license from Amgen; REVLIMID ® and VIDAZA® in China under a license from BMS; and
      POBEVCY® in China under a license from Bio-Thera.


      The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                           US$’000            US$’000


      Product revenue – gross                                                             6,730,957         4,786,744
      Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                     (1,448,896)       (1,007,198)


      Product revenue – net                                                               5,282,061         3,779,546



338    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. PRODUCT REVENUE (Continued)


    The following table disaggregates net product revenue by product for the years ended December 31, 2025
    and 2024.


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                       US$’000      US$’000


    BRUKINSA®                                                                         3,928,489    2,644,226
    TEVIMBRA    ®
                                                                                        737,304      620,836
    XGEVA   ®
                                                                                        305,979      224,403
    BLINCYTO®                                                                           104,224        74,331
    KYPROLIS    ®
                                                                                         74,974        66,171
    POBEVCY®                                                                             47,400        53,509
    Other                                                                                83,691        96,070


    Total product revenue – net                                                       5,282,061    3,779,546


    The following table presents the roll-forward of accrued sales chargebacks, rebates, returns and other
    deductions for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.


                                                                   Rebates,
                                                                    Returns
                                                                  and Other           Contra AR
                                                                 Deductions            Accruals         Total
                                                                   US$’000             US$’000


    Balance at December 31, 2023                                    139,936              30,435      170,371
      Amounts charged against product revenue                       491,756             515,442    1,007,198
      Payments and credits                                         (396,092)           (495,178)    (891,270)


    Balance at December 31, 2024                                    235,600              50,699      286,299
      Amounts charged against product revenue                       657,138             791,758    1,448,896
      Payments and credits                                         (494,205)           (763,331)   (1,257,536)


    Balance at December 31, 2025                                    398,533              79,126      477,659




                                          BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •       2025    ANNUAL REPORT     339
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES


      The Company’s income (loss) before income taxes is derived after charging/(crediting) the following significant
      items (among others):


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           Note               2025             2024
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


      Cost of inventories sold                                                            668,540           594,089
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                         9             131,615           166,938
      Research and development costs (note)                                              2,145,868        1,953,295
      Operating lease cost                                                  8               24,899            26,575
      Amortization of license rights                                        10              10,071             4,824
      Auditors’ remuneration                                                                 9,393             8,053
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’
        and chief executive’s remuneration):
        Wages, salaries and other benefits                                               1,486,452        1,305,147
        Share-based compensation expenses                                   18            510,247           441,793
        Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                          88,485            74,098


                                                                                         2,085,184        1,821,038


      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                     (4,244)           15,986
      Provision/(Reversal) for expected credit losses                       7                  527            (1,034)
      Impairment of inventories                                                              9,542             4,066
      Bank interest income                                                                 (70,505)          (69,641)

      Note: During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, research and development costs of approximately
            US$897,666,000 and US$779,306,000 were also included in employee benefit expense.




340    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE/ADS


   The following table reconciles the numerator and denominator in the computations of earnings (loss) per
   share/ADS:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000


   Numerator:
     Net income (loss)                                                                   286,933           (644,786)


   Denominator:
     Weighted-average shares outstanding – basic                                   1,417,803,727     1,368,746,793
     Dilutive common shares equivalents                                                57,026,181                 –


     Weighted-average shares outstanding – diluted                                 1,474,829,908     1,368,746,793


     Antidilutive common share equivalents excluded from above                          1,089,967                 –


   Earnings (loss) per share: (in US$)
     Basic                                                                                   0.20             (0.47)


     Diluted                                                                                 0.19             (0.47)


   Earnings (loss) per ADS: (in US$)
     Basic                                                                                   2.63             (6.12)


     Diluted                                                                                 2.53             (6.12)


   For the year ended December 31, 2025, diluted earnings per share was computed using the weighted-
   average number of ordinary shares and the effect of potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the periods.
   Potentially dilutive shares consist of stock options, restricted stock units and ESPP shares. The dilutive effect
   of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and ESPP shares is reflected in diluted net earnings per
   share using the treasury stock method.


   For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company was in a net loss position and the effects of all share
   options, restricted share units and ESPP shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share,
   as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.


   Each ADS represents 13 ordinary shares. Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per ADS was derived from the
   basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share, respectively.



                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          341
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      In January 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the Board and shareholders of the Company approved
      the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective in February 2016. The
      Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the 2016 Plan,
      plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any outstanding
      options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the 2011 Plan that
      were cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2025, ordinary shares
      cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled 5,167,238. The
      2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added on the first day of
      each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5%)% of the outstanding
      shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or (ii) such
      number of shares determined by the Company’s Board or the compensation committee. On January 1, 2018,
      29,603,616 ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision. However, in August 2018, in
      connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the Board of the Company approved an amended and restated 2016
      Plan to remove this “evergreen” provision and implement other changes required by the Rules Governing
      the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HK Listing Rules”). In December
      2018, the shareholders of the Company approved a second amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the
      number of shares authorized for issuance by 38,553,159 ordinary shares, as well as amend the cap on annual
      compensation to independent directors and make other changes. In June 2020, the shareholders approved an
      Amendment No. 1 to the 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 57,200,000
      ordinary shares and to extend the term of the plan through April 13, 2030. The number of shares available for
      issuance under the 2016 Plan is subject to adjustment in the event of a share split, share dividend or other
      change in the Company’s capitalization.


      As of December 31, 2025, share-based awards to acquire 60,641,671 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, the Board and shareholders of
      the Company approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the “Amendment No. 2”), which became effective
      as of June 22, 2022, to increase the number of authorized shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan
      by 66,300,000 ordinary shares, or 5%, of the Company’s outstanding shares as of March 31, 2022. In June
      2024, the shareholders approved a third amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares
      authorized for issuance by 92,820,000.




342    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    2018 Inducement Equity Plan


    In June 2018, the Board of the Company approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018 Plan”) and
    reserved 12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who were not
    previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s entry
    into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ
    Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the Board of the Company upon recommendation of the
    compensation committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing
    Rules. The terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder,
    are substantially similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018, in
    connection with the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
    “HKEX”), the Board of the Company approved an amended and restated 2018 Plan to implement changes
    required by the HK Listing Rules.


    Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Plan was
    terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan but the outstanding equity
    awards under the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with their terms.


    2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


    In June 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
    “ESPP”). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP.
    In August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the Board of the Company approved an amended
    and restated ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in the plan
    and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders of the
    Company approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized for
    issuance by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. In June 2024, the shareholders of the
    Company approved a fourth amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized for
    issuance by 5,070,000 ordinary shares to 12,425,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees to
    purchase the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period,
    which will generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the
    beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll
    during the offering period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their
    eligible earnings, subject to applicable limitations.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.       •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT        343
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (Continued)


      The following tables summarizes the shares issued under the ESPP:


                                 Number of Ordinary
                                       Shares Issued           Market Price1             Purchase Price2
      Issuance Date                                             ADS      Ordinary           ADS      Ordinary     Proceeds
                                                                US$            US$          US$           US$      US$’000


      August 31, 2025                         818,506        245.53          18.89       208.70          16.05       13,140
      February 28, 2025                       955,396        188.26          14.48       160.02          12.31       11,760
      August 31, 2024                       1,035,996        165.20          12.69       140.27          10.78       11,178
      February 29, 2024                     1,021,397        165.65          12.74       140.80          10.83       11,063
      August 31, 2023                         794,144        207.55          15.97       176.42          13.57       10,777
      February 28, 2023                       930,582        171.10          13.16       145.44          11.19       10,414

      1
            The market price is the lower of the closing price on NASDAQ on the issuance date or the offering date, in
            accordance with the terms of the ESPP.

      2
            The purchase price is the price which was discounted from the applicable market price, in accordance with the terms
            of the ESPP.


      As of December 31, 2025, 3,179,780 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.




344       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Share options


    Generally, share options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three – to five-year period, with
    the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the
    remainder of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units
    generally vest over a four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or
    the service relationship start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter, or
    sometimes vest upon the achievement of pre-specified performance conditions.


    The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities during the year ended December 31,
    2025 under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                              Weighted         Weighted
                                                               Weighted         Average         Average
                                                                 Average           Grant     Remaining     Aggregate
                                                Number of       Exercise        Date Fair    Contractual     Intrinsic
                                                   Options          Price          Value           Term        Value
                                                                    US$             US$           Years     US$’000


    Outstanding at December 31, 2024            77,982,656          9.70
      Granted                                    2,527,499         19.80           10.44
      Exercised                                (30,065,802)         5.61                                     448,698
      Forfeited                                 (2,211,642)        16.61


    Outstanding at December 31, 2025            48,232,711         12.46                            5.03     537,801


    Exercisable as of December 31, 2025         37,198,441         11.67                            4.09     446,954


    Vested and expected to vest at
      December 31, 2025                         46,467,228         12.36                            4.91     523,265


    As of December 31, 2025, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 9,268,787 unvested share options
    expected to vest was US$63,875,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.4 years.


    The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2025 and
    2024 was US$55,954,000 and US$68,420,000, respectively.




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025      ANNUAL REPORT       345
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      Fair value of options


      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price is used in
      conjunction with historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same
      industry as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern
      as reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


      The following table presents the range of fair values and the assumptions used to estimate those fair values of
      the share options granted in the years presented:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025                   2024


      Fair value of ordinary share                                        US$8.79 ~ US$10.76          US$5.72 ~ US$9.19
      Risk-free interest rate                                                      4.2% ~ 4.6%             3.8% ~ 4.6%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                              2.8                    2.8
      Expected volatility                                                           56% ~ 57%               57% ~ 58%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                0%                      0%
      Contractual life                                                                  10 years                10 years


      Restricted share units


      The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share unit activities during the year ended
      December 31, 2025 under the 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                       Numbers         Weighted-Average
                                                                                      of Shares Grant Date Fair Value
                                                                                                                    US$


      Outstanding at December 31, 2024                                               83,654,116                    13.70
        Granted                                                                      29,086,395                    20.34
        Vested                                                                      (26,921,973)                   14.43
        Forfeited                                                                     (8,737,846)                  14.72


      Outstanding at December 31, 2025                                               77,080,692                    15.84


      Expected to vest at December 31, 2025                                          64,747,781                    15.84


346    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Restricted share units (Continued)


    As of December 31, 2025, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
    expected to vest was US$899,790,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.7 years.


    Performance share units


    The following table summarizes the Company’s performance share unit activities during the year ended
    December 31, 2025 under the 2016 Plan:


                                                                                                            Weighted-
                                                                                        Numbers         Average Grant
                                                                                       of Shares       Date Fair Value
                                                                                                                   US$


    Outstanding at December 31, 2024                                                   2,176,551                  12.37
        Granted                                                                        1,876,056                  20.38
        Performance adjustments1                                                           151,567                12.34
        Forfeited                                                                       (269,542)                 13.09


    Outstanding at December 31, 2025                                                   3,934,632                  16.14


    Expected to vest at December 31, 2025                                              3,305,091                  16.14

    1
           The amount shown represents performance adjustments related primarily to the performance-based awards granted
           during the year ended December 31, 2024.


    As of December 31, 2025, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested performance share units
    expected to vest was US$38,878,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 1.9 years.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT         347
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      Share-based compensation expense


      The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
      December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development                                                                  217,440          186,113
      Selling, general and administrative                                                       292,807          255,680


      Total                                                                                     510,247          441,793


19. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


      The movement of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income was as follows:


                                                                            Foreign Currency
                                                                                  Translation         Other
                                                                                Adjustments     Adjustments          Total
                                                                                    US$’000        US$’000       US$’000


      December 31, 2023                                                              (87,987)       (11,459)       (99,446)
      Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications                              (47,565)        (2,788)       (50,353)
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 1
                                                                                           –              811         811


      Net-current period other comprehensive loss                                    (47,565)        (1,977)       (49,542)


      December 31, 2024                                                             (135,552)       (13,436)     (148,988)


      Other comprehensive income before reclassifications                             69,300              591      69,891
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 1
                                                                                           –              913         913


      Net-current period other comprehensive income                                   69,300          1,504        70,804


      December 31, 2025                                                              (66,252)       (11,932)       (78,184)

      1
              The amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were included in other (expense)
              income, net in the consolidated statements of operations.




348       BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS


   The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
   its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s
   PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
   standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial statements
   prepared in accordance with GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the
   Company’s PRC subsidiaries.


   In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
   reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
   registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required
   to provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board of the Company, from the profits
   determined in accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves
   can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC
   subsidiaries were established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-
   mentioned restrictions on distributable profits.


   During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made,
   because the PRC subsidiaries had an accumulated deficit as of the end of such periods.


   As a result of these PRC laws and regulations, including the requirement to make annual appropriations
   of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
   the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
   Company.


   Foreign exchange and other regulations in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
   from transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans, and advances. As of December 31,
   2025 and 2024, amounts restricted were the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which, after
   intercompany eliminations, amounted to US$2,012,019,000 and US$1,709,961,000, respectively.




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT          349
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS


      Defined Contribution Plans


      Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
      plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
      benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
      make contributions to the PRC government for these benefits based on certain percentage of employees’
      salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for such benefits beyond the contributions made. The
      total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$107,246,000 and
      US$101,779,000 for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.


      The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The
      401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation
      on a pre-tax, Roth or non-Roth after-tax basis. In addition, the Company has a matching contribution to
      the 401(k) Plan, matched dollar for dollar of eligible contributions up to 6% in the 2025 plan year. Company
      contributions to the 401(k) Plan totaled US$24,494,000 and US$20,839,000 in the years ended December 31,
      2025 and 2024, respectively.


      The Company maintains a government mandated program to cover its employees in Switzerland for pension,
      death, and disability. The program is considered a defined contribution plan under U.S. GAAP. Employer and
      employee contributions are made based on various percentages of salaries and wages that vary based on
      employee age and other factors. Company contributions into the program amounted to US$4,562,000 and
      US$3,825,000 in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.


      Company contributions into defined contribution plans for the remaining subsidiaries were immaterial.


      Defined Benefit Plan


      The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering its employees in Switzerland (the “Swiss
      Pension Plan”). The Swiss Pension Plan is a government mandated fund that provides benefits to employees
      upon retirement, death, or disability. Contributions are made based on various percentages of participants’
      salaries and wages determined based on participants’ age and other factors. As of December 31, 2025 and
      2024, the projected benefit obligations under the Swiss Pension Plan were approximately US$105,538,000
      and US$80,199,000, respectively, and the Swiss Pension Plan assets were approximately US$87,368,000
      and US$63,794,000, respectively. The funded status of the Swiss Pension Plan is included in other long-term
      liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.


      The Company’s annual contribution to the Swiss Pension Plan is estimated to be approximately US$4,540,000
      in 2026 and is expected to evolve thereafter proportionally with changes in staffing and compensation levels,
      actuarial assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.




350    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)


    Defined Benefit Plan (Continued)


    The following table reflects the total expected benefit payments to Swiss Pension Plan participants in
    the upcoming 10 years and have been estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure the
    Company’s benefit obligations as of December 31, 2025:


                                                                                                    Amounts
                                                                                                    US$’000


    Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                      5,766
    Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                      5,622
    Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                      5,581
    Year ending December 31, 2029                                                                      5,734
    Year ending December 31, 2030                                                                      5,876
    Thereafter                                                                                        29,271


    Total                                                                                             57,850


22. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


    Purchase Commitments


    As of December 31, 2025, the Company had purchase commitments amounting to US$205,175,000, of which
    US$24,921,000 related to non-utilization fees and minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from
    contract manufacturing organizations and US$180,254,000 related to binding purchase order obligations of
    inventory from Amgen. The Company does not have any minimum purchase requirements for inventory from
    Amgen.


    Capital Commitments


    The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$46,431,000 for the acquisition of property, plant
    and equipment as of December 31, 2025 related to various facilities across the globe.




                                             BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT      351
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)


      Co-Development Funding Commitment


      Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company is responsible for co-funding global clinical
      development costs for the Amgen oncology pipeline assets up to a total cap of US$1,250,000,000. The
      Company is funding its portion of the co-development costs by contributing cash and/or development
      services. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s remaining co-development funding commitment was
      US$130,393,000.


      Funding Commitment


      The Company had committed capital related to equity investments in the amount of US$15,891,000. As of
      December 31, 2025, the remaining capital commitment was US$5,241,000 and is expected to be paid from
      time to time over the investment period.


      Other Business Agreements


      The Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with contract research organizations
      (“CROs”) to provide research and development services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time
      by the Company with prior written notice.


      The Company also enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual
      property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone
      payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration
      agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of
      such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet because
      the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of
      these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in the consolidated
      financial statements.




352    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION


   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were
   disclosed pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                             US$’000           US$’000


   Fees                                                                                           904                888
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,246              1,297
       Performance related bonuses                                                              1,677              1,540
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                     21,023             19,548
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                21                  –


                                                                                              23,967             22,385


                                                                                              24,871             23,273


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 23 (including above table) and Note 24 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.


   For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, certain directors were granted share options and
   restricted share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company,
   further details of which are set out in Note 18. The fair value of such options, which has been recognized in
   the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
   the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above directors’and
   chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.            •    2025    ANNUAL REPORT           353
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (a)   Independent non-executive directors


            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2025
            and 2024 were as follows:


            Year ended December 31, 2025


                                                            Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                     allowances and       Performance     compensation Pension scheme            Total
                                              Fees   benefits in kind   related bonuses      expenses     contributions   remuneration
                                          US$’000           US$’000            US$’000        US$’000         US$’000         US$’000


            Olivier Brandicourt                 93                 –                 –            434                –            527
            Shalini Sharp                      110                 –                 –            423                –            533
            Michael Goller                      85                 –                 –            434                –            519
            Anthony C. Hooper                  123                 –                 –            434                –            557
            Ranjeev Krishana                    90                 –                 –            434                –            524
            Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders        103                 –                 –            434                –            537
            Qingqing Yi                         90                 –                 –            434                –            524
            Margaret Han Dugan                 115                 –                 –            434                –            549
            Alessandro Riva                     95                 –                 –            434                –            529


            Total                             904                  –                 –           3,895               –           4,799




354     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (a)   Independent non-executive directors (Continued)


          Year ended December 31, 2024


                                                           Salaries,                       Share-based
                                                     allowances and       Performance     compensation   Pension scheme           Total
                                             Fees    benefits in kind   related bonuses       expenses     contributions   remuneration
                                          US$’000          US$’000            US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


          Olivier Brandicourt1                85                   –                 –            354                 –            439
          Shalini Sharp2                      21                   –                 –             88                 –            109
          Donald W. Glazer   3
                                              69                   –                 –            614                 –            683
          Michael Goller                      85                   –                 –            410                 –            495
          Anthony C. Hooper                  130                   –                 –            410                 –            540
          Ranjeev Krishana                    90                   –                 –            410                 –            500
          Thomas Malley4                       5                   –                 –             14                 –             19
          Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders        103                   –                 –            410                 –            513
          Qingqing Yi                         90                   –                 –            410                 –            500
          Margaret Han Dugan                 115                   –                 –            410                 –            525
          Alessandro Riva                     95                   –                 –            410                 –            505


          Total                              888                   –                 –           3,940                –          4,828

          1.
                  Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director on January 23,
                  2024.

          2.
                  Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director on September
                  27,2024.

          3.
                  On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed away and ceased to serve as an independent non-
                  executive Director.

          4.
                  Mr. Thomas Malley resigned as a director on January 22, 2024.




                                                    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                  •   2025       ANNUAL REPORT           355
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive


            For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Board of the Company comprised one executive
            director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
            Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                     US$’000            US$’000


            Fees                                                                                             –                   –
            Other emoluments:
              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,246                1,297
              Performance related bonuses                                                              1,677                1,540
              Share-based compensation expenses                                                       17,132              15,610
              Pension scheme contributions                                                                 21                    –


                                                                                                      20,076              18,447


            For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Board of the Company comprised one non-
            executive directors, Xiaodong Wang. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any compensation as a director.
            The compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the years ended December 31,
            2025 and 2024 were detailed below and also included in Note 25.


            Year ended December 31, 2025


                                                        Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                 allowances and       Performance     compensation Pension scheme             Total
                                          Fees   benefits in kind   related bonuses      expenses      contributions   remuneration
                                       US$’000          US$’000            US$’000        US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


            Xiaodong Wang                  100                 –               150           3,899                –           4,149


            Year ended December 31, 2024


                                                        Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                 allowances and        Performance    compensation   Pension scheme           Total
                                          Fees   benefits in kind   related bonuses       expense      contributions   remuneration
                                       US$’000          US$’000            US$’000        US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


            Xiaodong Wang                  100                 –               150           3,948                –           4,198



356    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES


   The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 included the following
   number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 23 above.


                                                                                         2025               2024


   Directors and chief executive                                                             1                 2
   Neither directors nor chief executive                                                     4                 3


                                                                                             5                 5


   Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
   nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2025               2024


                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000
   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             3,062              3,601
   Performance related bonuses                                                           2,486              1,344
   Share-based compensation expenses                                                   22,971              20,267
   Pension scheme contributions                                                             42                21


                                                                                       28,561              25,233


   The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
   the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                     Number of employees
                                                                                         2025               2024


   HK$35,000,001 to HK$40,000,000                                                            2                  –
   HK$50,000,001 to HK$55,000,000                                                            –                 1
   HK$60,000,001 to HK$65,000,000                                                            1                 1
   HK$80,000,001 to HK$85,000,000                                                            –                 1
   HK$90,000,001 to HK$95,000,000                                                            1                  –


                                                                                             4                 3




                                               BEONE MEDICINES LTD.      •    2025   ANNUAL REPORT           357
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)


      For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, share options or restricted share units were granted to a
      non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employee in respect of his services to the Group, further
      details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 18. The fair value of such options,
      which have been recognized in the statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the
      date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the
      above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.


25. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Company had the following
      related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:


      (a)   Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
            service to the Group, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year
            ended December 31, 2025 consisted of (i) US$100,000 (2024: US$100,000) in consulting fees, (ii)
            US$150,000 (2024: US$150,000) as a performance-based cash bonus for 2025 paid in 2026, (iii) an
            option to purchase 185,796 ordinary shares (2024: 410,657 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value
            of US$2,000,000 (2024: US$2,667,000) and (iv) 98,696 ordinary shares of RSUs (2024: 108,992 ordinary
            shares) with a grant date fair value of US$2,000,000 (2024: US$1,333,000).


      (b)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


            Short term employee benefits                                                     9,656            10,234
            Post-employment benefits                                                            63                51
            Share-based compensation expenses                                               42,773            42,575


            Total compensation paid to key management personnel                             52,492            52,860


      The cash component of the above related party transaction also constitutes a fully-exempt continuing
      connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.




358     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION


   Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information
   is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate
   resources and in assessing performance. The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products.
   Its chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses
   performance, and allocates resources on a consolidated basis.


   The primary measure of segment profitability for the Company’s operating segment is considered to be
   consolidated net income (loss). Significant segment expenses reviewed by the CODM on a regular basis
   included within net income (loss) include cost of product sales, research and development expenses and
   selling, general and administrative expenses which are separately presented on the Company’s consolidated
   statements of operations. Other segment items within net income (loss) include interest income, interest
   expense, other (expense) income, net and income tax expense.


   The Company’s long-lived assets are primarily located in the U.S. and China.


   Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net other revenue
   is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net revenues
   by geographic area are presented as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000


   U.S. - total revenue                                                              2,880,324         1,957,498
   Product revenue                                                                   2,841,246         1,950,530
   Other revenue                                                                        39,078             6,968


   China – total revenue                                                             1,679,531         1,411,307
   Product revenue                                                                   1,659,363         1,390,699
   Other revenue                                                                        20,168            20,608


   Europe – total revenue                                                              611,369          362,626
   Product revenue                                                                     609,643          359,507
   Other revenue                                                                         1,726             3,119


   Rest of world – total revenue                                                       171,809            78,810
   Product revenue                                                                     171,809            78,810
   Other revenue                                                                              –                –


   Total Revenue                                                                     5,343,033         3,810,241




                                            BEONE MEDICINES LTD.          •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT         359
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS


      The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
      respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of material differences
      between the financial information of the Company prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:


                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                        IFRS adjustments
                                                                                                 Transfer of
                                                               Share-based                         royalties
                                              Amounts as compensation                                  from
      Consolidated statement of             reported under      and related                    collaborative      Amounts
      operations data                          U.S. GAAP                 tax        Lease      arrangement      under IFRS
                                                                   (note (i))   (note (iii))      (note (iv))
                                                   US$’000        US$’000       US$’000            US$’000        US$’000


      Total revenues                            5,343,033                  –              –           2,902      5,345,935
      Research and development                  (2,145,868)         (27,626)        1,087                  –    (2,172,407)
      Selling, general and administrative       (2,081,489)         (26,877)        1,698                  –    (2,106,668)
      Interest expense                              (58,234)               –        (3,388)           1,617        (60,005)


      Income before income taxes                   416,854          (54,503)          (603)           4,519        366,267
      Income tax expense                           (129,921)        (28,684)              –                –      (158,605)


      Net Income                                   286,933          (83,187)          (603)           4,519        207,662




360    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


                                                             Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                   IFRS adjustments
                                                              Share-based
                                             Amounts as      compensation
   Consolidated statement of               reported under      and related                         Amounts
   operations data                            U.S. GAAP                  tax          Lease      under IFRS
                                                                  (note (i))      (note (iii))
                                                US$’000           US$’000         US$’000          US$’000


   Research and development                    (1,953,295)         (21,357)           1,338      (1,973,314)
   Selling, general and administrative         (1,831,056)         (17,535)           1,814      (1,846,777)
   Interest income, net                           47,836                  –           (2,677)       45,159


   Loss before income taxes                     (533,001)          (38,892)             475        (571,418)
   Income tax expense                           (111,785)           (1,954)                 –      (113,739)


   Net loss                                     (644,786)          (40,846)             475        (685,157)




                                         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.        •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT        361
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


                                                                                                   As of December 31, 2025
                                                                                                      IFRS adjustments
                                                                                                                                     Transfer of
                                                                Amounts as        Share based                                      royalties from
                                                              reported under    compensation         Preferred                     collaborative       Amounts
      Consolidated balance sheet data                            U.S. GAAP      and tax impact          Shares          Lease      arrangement       under IFRS
                                                                                      (note (i))      (note (ii))   (note (iii))       (note (iv))
                                                                    US$’000           US$’000         US$’000       US$’000             US$’000        US$’000


      Accounts receivable, net                                      865,080                   –                –              –          (16,759)       848,321
      Operating lease right-of-use assets                           148,184                   –                –       (2,512)                  –       145,672


      Total assets                                                8,188,573                   –                –        (2,512)          (16,759)     8,169,302


      Accrued expenses and other payables                         1,109,120                   –                –              –          (14,179)     1,094,941
      Sale of future royalty liability, current portion              56,714                   –                –              –          (20,767)        35,947
      Sale of future royalty liability, non-current portion         850,242                   –                –              –           13,668        863,910


      Total liabilities                                           3,827,379                   –                –              –          (21,278)     3,806,101


      Additional paid-in capital                                 12,759,137            83,187                  –              –                 –    13,467,793
                                                                                      317,575*         307,894*               –                 –
      Accumulated deficit                                         (8,319,903)          (83,187)                –          (603)            4,519     (9,026,552)
                                                                                      (317,575)*      (307,894)*       (1,909)*                 –


      Total shareholders’ equity                                  4,361,194                   –                –        (2,512)            4,519      4,363,201


      Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                  8,188,573                   –                –        (2,512)          (16,759)     8,169,302




362     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                        •     2025       ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


                                                                         As of December 31, 2024
                                                                               IFRS adjustments
                                             Amounts as       Share based
                                          reported under    compensation             Preferred                         Amounts
   Consolidated balance sheet data           U.S. GAAP      and tax impact               Shares          Lease       under IFRS
                                                                  (note (i))          (note (ii))     (note (iii))
                                                US$’000          US$’000             US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


   Operating lease right-of-use assets          139,309                   –                    –         (1,909)       137,400


   Total assets                               5,920,910                   –                    –         (1,909)      5,919,001


   Additional paid-in capital                12,087,908            40,846                      –                –    12,713,377
                                                                  276,729*            307,894*                  –
   Accumulated deficit                        (8,606,836)          (40,846)                    –            475      (9,234,214)
                                                                 (276,729)*          (307,894)*          (2,384)*


   Total equity                               3,332,222                   –                    –         (1,909)      3,330,313


   *     IFRS adjustments brought forward from prior years.


   Notes:


   (i)   Share based compensation and related tax


         Under U.S. GAAP, the Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
         all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
         compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date value of the options that
         are vested at that date.


         Under IFRS, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
         granted with graded vesting.


         A difference of US$54,503,000 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
         development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS for
         the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: US$38,892,000).


         Under IFRS, the excess tax benefit resulting from the pre-tax deductible amount arising from U.S. employee share-
         based payments over the cumulative share-based payment-related expenses recognized for accounting purposes
         should be recorded in shareholders’ equity rather than in current income tax expenses/benefits under U.S. GAAP.




                                                BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                 •     2025     ANNUAL REPORT         363
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes: (Continued)


      (ii)   Preferred Shares


             Prior to the Company’s U.S. IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares
             at the time of the U.S. IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as
             mezzanine equity as these convertible preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event
             (i.e., Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence
             of the conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred
             shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options are clearly and closely related to
             the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options are not
             publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible
             preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
             favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently and is
             not probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction
             is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is
             probable that they will become redeemable.


             Under IFRS, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
             conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
             being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
             Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
             occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRS, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
             as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
             recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
             Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016
             was recognized in the statement of operations under IFRS and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes
             was recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the
             ordinary shares. The effect of such IFRS adjustments on accumulated deficit and additional paid in capital was
             US$307,894,000 which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.




364      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.             •    2025     ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)


   (iii)   Lease


           As a lessee, the Company recognized a lease liability based on the present value of the total remaining lease
           payments, and a corresponding right of use asset under U.S. GAAP. The Company subsequently recognize an
           operating lease expense on straight line basis over the lease term.


           IFRS 16, Lease requires entities to present interest expense on the lease liability and depreciation on the right-of-use
           assets separately in the statement of operations. This will change the allocation of expenses and the total amount of
           expenses recognized for each period of the lease term. The combination of a straight-line depreciation of the right-of-
           use asset and the effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability will result in a higher total charge to profit
           or loss in the initial years of the lease terms, and a decreasing expense during the latter years of the lease terms.


   (iv)    Transfer of royalties from collaborative arrangement


           The Group is engaged in collaborative drug development and is entitled to receive royalty revenue from drug sales
           during the collaboration period. In 2025, the Group transferred its royalty rights to an independent third party for a
           fixed upfront cash consideration.


           Under U.S. GAAP, the upfront cash consideration is recorded as a financial liability initially. Revenue recognition
           occurs in subsequent periods based on actual royalty receipts. Payments to the third party are settled against the
           financial liability balance. The liability and associated financing costs are adjusted prospectively to reflect changes in
           expected future royalty cash flows.


           Under IFRS, the upfront cash consideration is recorded as deferred revenue with incorporation of financing
           component adjustments and is amortized over the collaboration period with corresponding financing costs
           recognized systematically. Subsequent royalty collections and payments are accounted for through receivables and
           payables.




                                                     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                •     2025     ANNUAL REPORT              365
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY


                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                              US$’000        US$’000


      Assets
      Current assets:
        Cash and cash equivalents                                             584,216         400,135
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets                             180,495         249,016


      Total current assets                                                    764,711         649,151


      Non-current assets:
        Loans to subsidiaries                                                1,710,737      1,731,266
        Investment in wholly owned subsidiaries                              3,314,162      2,081,335
        Other non-current assets                                               41,658         114,728


      Total assets                                                           5,831,268      4,576,480


      Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
      Current liabilities:
        Accrued expenses and other payables                                   254,815         312,957
        Indebtedness to subsidiaries                                          253,194                  –
        Research and development cost share liability, current portion         64,345         111,154
        Short-term debt                                                         9,063         762,146


      Total current liabilities                                               581,417       1,186,257


      Non-current liabilities:
        Long-term debt                                                        836,369                  –
        Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion          –          54,286
        Other long-term liabilities                                            52,288              3,714


      Total liabilities                                                      1,470,074      1,244,257


      Total shareholders’ equity                                             4,361,194      3,332,223


      Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                             5,831,268      4,576,480




366     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •     2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


    A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                                                          Accumulated
                                                                                                  Total    Ordinary       Additional            Other
                                                            Ordinary          Effect of    Outstanding      Shares           Paid-In    Comprehensive     Accumulated
                                                        Shares Issued Redomiciliation 1
                                                                                                Shares      Issued           Capital     Income/(Loss)         Deficit        Total
                                                                            Shares                         US$’000          US$’000           US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


    Balance at December 31, 2023                        1,359,513,224                –    1,359,513,224        135        11,598,688           (99,446)     (7,962,050)   3,537,327


    Use of shares reserved for share option exercises      (2,258,161)               –       (2,258,161)         –                 –                 –               –            –
    Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         30,112,641                 –      30,112,641           3           45,550                  –               –      45,553
    Deconsolidation of a subsidiary                                 –                –                –          –             2,052                 –               –       2,052
    Share-based compensation                                        –                –                –          –          441,618                  –               –     441,618
    Other comprehensive loss                                        –                –                –          –                 –           (49,542)              –      (49,542)
    Net loss                                                        –                –                –          –                 –                 –        (644,786)    (644,786)


    Balance at December 31, 2024                        1,387,367,704                –    1,387,367,704        138        12,087,908          (148,988)     (8,606,836)   3,332,222


    Issuance of shares reserved for share option
        exercises                                        109,709,434      (112,772,594)      (3,063,160)         –                 –                 –               –            –
    Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         43,898,760        12,872,314      56,771,074           6          195,895                  –               –     195,901
    Share-based compensation                                        –                –                –          –          510,857                  –               –     510,857
    Withholding taxes from share-based awards                       –                –                –          –           (35,523)                –               –      (35,523)
    Other comprehensive income                                      –                –                –          –                 –           70,804                –      70,804
    Net income                                                      –                –                –          –                 –                 –        286,933      286,933


    Balance at December 31, 2025                        1,540,975,898      (99,900,280)   1,441,075,618        144        12,759,137           (78,184)     (8,319,903)   4,361,194

    1
               Upon effectiveness of the Continuation, ordinary shares (including in the form of ADS) held by the Company or one of
               its controlled subsidiaries immediately prior to the effective date of the Continuation became part of the Company’s
               issued but not outstanding share capital and are considered ordinary shares of the Company, or “treasury shares”
               under Swiss law. The Company expects to use these treasury shares in the future to satisfy obligations to deliver
               shares in connection with awards granted under the Company’s equity incentive plans and agreements.


    The above statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
    and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the HK Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
    Ordinance.


    Certain comparative amounts of the statement of financial position of the Company have been reclassified to
    conform with the current year’s presentation.



                                                                         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.                         •      2025        ANNUAL REPORT                      367
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. DIVIDENDS


      The Board of the Company did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the year ended
      December 31, 2025 (year ended December 31, 2024: nil).


30. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 25, 2026.




368    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.         •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                      the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and most
                                 recently amended on April 17, 2015


“2016 Plan”                      the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                 approved by the shareholders of the Company on June 5, 2024, as amended
                                 from time to time, the principal terms of which were set out in the Company’s
                                 Proxy Statement/Circular dated April 26, 2024


“2018 ESPP”                      the Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                                 approved by the shareholders of the Company on June 5, 2024, as amended
                                 from time to time, the principal terms of which were set out in the Company’s
                                 Proxy Statement/Circular dated April 26, 2024


“ADS(s)”                         American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                                 Company)


“affiliate(s)”                   with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                                 controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with
                                 such specified person


“Amended 2016 Plan”              the Fourth Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                 approved by the Board on May 27, 2025


“Amended 2018 ESPP”              the Fifth Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                                 approved by the Board on May 27, 2025


“Amgen”                          Amgen Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, US, on
                                 April 7, 1987


“Amgen Collaboration             a Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019, by and between BeOne
  Agreement”                     Switzerland and Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020


“Amgen SPA” or “Share Purchase   the share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by and
  Agreement”                     between BeOne Medicines Ltd. and Amgen


“associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules




                                         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          369
DEFINITIONS


“BeOne”, “Company”,               BeOne Medicines Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws of
  “our Company” or                Switzerland
  “the Company”


“BeOne Biologics”                 BeOne Medicines Biologics Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州生物藥業有限公司), a
                                  company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and
                                  an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Company


“BeOne Guangzhou Factory”         BeOne Medicines Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.* (廣州百濟
                                  神州生物製藥有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC
                                  on March 3, 2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeOne Biologics


“BeOne Switzerland”               BeOne Medicines I GmbH (formerly known as BeiGene Switzerland GmbH),
                                  a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland on September 1,
                                  2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company


“BeOne US”                        BeOne Medicines USA, Inc.


“BeOne US LLC”                    BeOne Medicines US Holdings, LLC (formerly known as BeiGene US
                                  Holdings, LLC)


“BLA”                             biologics license application


“BMS”                             Bristol-Myers Squibb Company


“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the Board of Directors of the Company


“Cayman Articles”                 the seventh amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                  adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on June 15, 2023,
                                  as amended from time to time


“China” or “PRC”                  the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                                  only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                  Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be construed
                                  accordingly




370     BEONE MEDICINES LTD.      •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


“CMO”                            contract manufacturing organization


“Companies Ordinance”            the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Continuation”                   the change of domicile of the Company from the Cayman Islands to
                                 Switzerland by way of de-registration in the Cayman Islands and continuation
                                 as a stock corporation under the laws of Switzerland, which became
                                 effective on May 27, 2025


“corporate communication”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Corporate Governance Code”      the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out
                                 in Appendix C1 to the HK Listing Rules


“CROs”                           contract research organizations


“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of our Company


“EGM”                            an extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on April 28, 2025 for
                                 the purpose of approving (i) the Continuation; (ii) the adoption of the Swiss
                                 Articles; and (iii) the Election of Swiss Auditor and Approval of Related Audit
                                 Services and Renumeration


“Election of Swiss Auditor and   the election of Ernst & Young AG, Zurich, Switzerland, as the Swiss statutory
  Approval of Related Audit      auditor of the Company and approval of its related audit services and
  Services and Renumeration”     remuneration


“EMA”                            European Medicines Agency


“EU”                             the European Union



“FDA”                            U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“GDPR”                           General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679




                                         BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          371
DEFINITIONS


“Group”, “our Group”,            the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “the Group”, “we”,
  “us”, or “our”


“HKEx”                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HK Listing Rules”               the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                 Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
                                 to time


“Hong Kong” or “HK”              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or           Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  HK dollar” or “HK$”


“IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                                 the International Accounting Standards Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company within
                                 the meaning ascribed thereto under the HK Listing Rules


“IPO”                            initial public offering


“Luye Pharmaceutical”            Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd


“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the HKEx
                                 which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM


“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set
                                 out in Appendix C3 to the HK Listing Rules


“NASDAQ”                         Nasdaq Stock Market


“NASDAQ Listing Rules”           the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market


“NDA”                            new drug application


“NMPA”                           National Medical Products Administration, successor to the China Food and
                                 Drug Administration




372      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.    •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                 DEFINITIONS


“Novartis”            Novartis Pharma AG


“NRDL”                the National Reimbursement Drug List


“NYSE”                New York Stock Exchange


“Swiss Articles”      the articles of association adopted by the Company in compliance with the
                      laws of Switzerland effective on May 27, 2025, as amended from time to
                      time


“PSU(s)”              performance share units, being a contingent right to received Shares
                      awarded under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan


“Reporting Period”    the year ended December 31, 2025


“RMB” or “Renminbi”   Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“RMB Shares”          the Shares subscribed for in RMB by target subscriber(s) in the PRC, which
                      are listed on the STAR Market and traded in RMB


“RSU(s)”              restricted share units, being a contingent right to receive Shares awarded
                      under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan


“SAFE”                State Administration of Foreign Exchange


“Sublease Premises”   space of approximately 96,372 rentable square feet, consisting of
                      approximately 49,820 rentable square feet located on the 5th floor and
                      approximately 46,552 rentable square feet located on the 6th floor, in a
                      certain building located at 835 Industrial Road, San Carlos, California


“SEC”                 Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFO”                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                      Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shareholder(s)”      holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Share(s)”            ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company


“sNDA”                supplementary new drug applications


“SSE”                 Shanghai Stock Exchange




                              BEONE MEDICINES LTD.           •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT          373
DEFINITIONS


“STAR Market”                     the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock
                                  Exchange


“STAR Offering”                   issue of RMB Shares and listing on the STAR Market of the SSE


“subsidiary(ies)”                 has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                  Ordinance


“substantial shareholder”         has the meaning ascribed to it in the HK Listing Rules


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”   the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                  subject to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars” or   United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
  “US$”


“U.S. GAAP” or “GAAP”             United States generally accepted accounting principles




374    BEONE MEDICINES LTD.       •   2025    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“ADC”                 means   antibody-drug conjugate


“BRAF”                means   a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal
                              cell signals that direct cell growth


“BTK”                 means   Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                              pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival
                              in various lymphomas


“CLL”                 means   chronic lymphocytic leukemia


“complete response”   means   the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment


“FcγR”                means   Fc-gamma receptor


“immunoglobulin”      means   glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                              are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                              response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens,
                              such as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction


“Kinase”              means   a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from
                              high-energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The
                              protein kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act
                              on proteins, phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or
                              histidine residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme
                              regulation as well as signaling in the cell


“MCL”                 means   mantle cell lymphoma


“MZL”                 means   marginal zone lymphoma


“NMEs”                means   new molecular entities


“NSCLC”               means   non-small cell lung cancer


“PARP”                means   poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous
                              cellular processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional
                              regulation, which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to
                              DNA damage




                                   BEONE MEDICINES LTD.              •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT         375
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“PD-1”                 means        programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor
                                    expressed on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and
                                    PD-L2. PD-1 is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in
                                    down-regulating the immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells


“R/R”                  means        relapsed or refractory


“SLL”                  means        small lymphocytic lymphoma


“T-Cell”               means        a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and
                                    that differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of
                                    the T-cell receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible
                                    for recognizing antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex
                                    molecules


“UC”                   means        urothelial carcinoma




376      BEONE MEDICINES LTD.   •   2025   ANNUAL REPORT
