                              2023 Annual Report




Cancer has no borders. Neither do we.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                      2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                 4


BUSINESS                                                                    8


RISK FACTORS                                                               51


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                         141


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        142


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                           169


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                   178


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                               237


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                              268


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                         273


DEFINITIONS                                                               368


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                               373




                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE


Executive Director                                                    Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Chair)
                                                                      Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. John V. Oyler                                                     Mr. Qingqing Yi
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                      NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
Non-executive Director                                                  GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Dr. Xiaodong Wang
                                                                      Mr. Donald W. Glazer (Chair)
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                      Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
                                                                      Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 1)
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
                                                                      SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
                                                                      Dr. Xiaodong Wang (Co-Chair)
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Note 2)
                                                                      Dr. Alessandro Riva (Co-Chair)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                      Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Dr. Alessandro Riva
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                                      Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi
                                                                      Mr. Qingqing Yi

AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                      COMMERCIAL AND MEDICAL AFFAIRS
                                                                        ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chair) (Note 3)
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 1)
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders                                       Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chair)
                                                                      Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 4)
                                                                      Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
                                                                      Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                      Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders


Notes:

*       On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The
        decision by Mr. Malley to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices
        of the Company. There is no matter in respect of Mr. Malley’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
        shareholders of the Company or HKEx. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the
        Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.

1.      The relevant appointment with effect from January 23, 2024;

2.      The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive Director effective from April 17, 2023. For
        the period up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the Company;

3.      Appointed as the chair of the Audit Committee effective September 13, 2023;

4.      The relevant appointment with effect from March 19, 2024.




2         BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            CORPORATE INFORMATION


COMPANY SECRETARY                                           LEGAL ADVISORS


Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCG, HKFCG) of                          As to Hong Kong law and United States law
Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited                      Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom


AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                  As to PRC law
                                                            Fangda Partners
Mr. John V. Oyler
Ms. Chau Hing Ling                                          As to Cayman Islands law
                                                            Mourant Ozannes
AUDITORS
                                                            HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young, Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                            Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
As to United States financial reporting audit               Hopewell Centre
Ernst & Young LLP                                           183 Queen’s Road East
                                                            Wanchai, Hong Kong
As to PRC financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP                                  PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                              TRANSFER OFFICE
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                            Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
The offices of Mourant Governance Services                  94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay
  (Cayman) Limited                                          Grand Cayman KY1-1108
94 Solaris Avenue                                           Cayman Islands
Camana Bay
Grand Cayman KY1-1108                                       STOCK CODE
Cayman Islands
                                                            06160


                                                            COMPANY WEBSITE


                                                            www.beigene.com




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT          3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and projections about future events
and trends that may affect the business, financial condition, and operating results. All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including statements regarding our strategy, future
operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management
and expected growth, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements often include words such as,
but not limited to, “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,”
“may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” or the negative
of these terms or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements
about:


•    our ability to successfully commercialize our approved medicines and to obtain approvals in additional
     indications and territories for our medicines;


•    our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our in-licensed medicines and drug candidates and any
     other medicines and drug candidates we may in-license;


•    our ability to further develop sales and marketing capabilities and launch and commercialize new medicines, if
     approved;


•    our ability to maintain and expand regulatory approvals for our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the pricing and reimbursement of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and our research and
     development programs;




4        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to advance our drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and obtain regulatory
    approvals;


•   our reliance on the success of our clinical stage drug candidates;


•   our plans, expected milestones and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals;


•   the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, medicines, drug candidates and
    technology;


•   the scope of protection we (or our licensors) are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights
    covering our medicines, drug candidates and technology;


•   our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
    property rights and proprietary technology of third parties;


•   costs associated with enforcing or defending against intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or
    violation, product liability and other claims;


•   the regulatory environment and regulatory developments in the United States, China, the United Kingdom,
    Switzerland, the European Union and other jurisdictions in which we operate;


•   the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, including collaboration revenue, capital
    requirements and our need for additional financing;


•   the potential benefits of strategic collaboration and licensing agreements and our ability to enter into and
    maintain strategic arrangements;


•   our construction and operation of independent production facilities for small molecule medicines and large
    molecule biologics, as well as clinical R&D facilities, to support the global demand for both commercial and
    clinical supply;


•   our reliance on third parties to conduct drug development, manufacturing and other services;




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT             5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to manufacture and supply, or have manufactured and supplied, drug candidates for clinical
    development and medicines for commercial sale;


•   the rate and degree of market access and acceptance of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•   developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies;


•   the size of the potential markets for our medicines and drug candidates and our ability to serve those markets;


•   our ability to effectively manage our growth;


•   our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;


•   statements regarding future revenue, key milestones, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements
    and share performance; and


•   the future trading price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) listed on NASDAQ, our ordinary shares
    listed on HKEx, and our ordinary shares issued to permitted investors in China and listed and traded on the
    STAR in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”), as well as the impact of securities analysts’ reports on these prices.




6    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


These statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those that are described in “Risk Factors” of this
annual report, that may cause actual future events or results to differ materially from those expected. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events
could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we
make. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about
future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We have
included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this annual report, particularly in “Risk Factors,”
that could cause actual future results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we
make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers,
dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make.


Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-
looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required by the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HK Listing Rules”), we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Statements
of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of the date of this annual report. Any
such intentions may change in light of future developments.


This annual report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe
these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to this information. All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by
reference to this cautionary statement.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT             7
BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeiGene,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and
“our” refer to BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.


OVERVIEW


We are a global oncology company discovering and developing innovative treatments that are more accessible
and affordable to cancer patients worldwide. We generated global revenue of approximately US$2.5 billion in 2023,
which increased by approximately US$1.0 billion, while reducing our net loss by approximately US$1.1 billion in
comparison to 2022.


We currently have three approved medicines that were internally discovered and developed, including BRUKINSA®
(zanubrutinib), a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (“BTK”) for the treatment of various blood
cancers; TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab), an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various solid tumor
and blood cancers; and PARTRUVIX® (pamiparib), a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2.
We have obtained approvals to market BRUKINSA in the United States (“U.S.”), the People’s Republic of China
(“China” or the “PRC”), the European Union (“EU”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), Canada, Australia, and additional
international markets; TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab) in the U.S., the EU and China; and PARTRUVIX in China. By
leveraging our strong commercial capabilities, we have in-licensed the rights to distribute an additional 14 approved
medicines for the China market. Supported by our global clinical development and commercial capabilities, we
have entered into collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such as Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”)
and Beijing Novartis Pharma Co., Ltd. (“Novartis”) to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


We are committed to advancing best- and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-minded partners
to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Recognizing the importance of clinical
trial activities in our industry and the challenges associated with outsourcing to third-party contract research
organizations (“CROs”), we have built our own 3,000+ person internal clinical team and are largely CRO-free. We
have conducted more than 130 clinical trials in-house, with over 22,000 subjects enrolled in approximately 45
regions. This includes more than 40 pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials across our portfolio.


We have built, and are expanding, our internal manufacturing capabilities. We are building a commercial-stage
biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center at the Princeton West Innovation Park in Hopewell, New Jersey (the
“Hopewell facility”), in addition to our existing state-of-the-art biologic and small molecule manufacturing facilities
in China to support current and potential future demands of our medicines. We also work with high quality contract
manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to manufacture our internally developed clinical and commercial products.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization of over 10,000 employees
worldwide, primarily in the U.S., China, and Europe.




8      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                            BUSINESS


Our Holding Company Structure


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with operations primarily conducted through our
subsidiaries in the U.S., China, UK, Switzerland, and Australia. The following diagram depicts a summary of our
corporate structure. Our corporate structure contains no variable interest entities.


                                                                                                     BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                                                   (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                                   NASDAQ: BGNE;
                                                                                                HK: 06160; SSE: 688235




                                                       BeiGene UK, Ltd.                                                              BeiGene (Hong Kong)
                                                       (United Kingdom)                                                             Co., Limited (Hong Kong)




     Regional Operating Subsidiaries                                                        United States Operating                Mainland China Operating
  (Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada,          BeiGene Switzerland GmbH
                                                                                                  Subsidiaries                  Subsidiaries (Beijing, Guangzhou,
 Chile, Colombia, Ireland, Israel, Japan,               (Switzerland)
                                                                                           (Delaware and New Jersey)                 Shanghai and Suzhou)
Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand,
Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Thailand,
      Turkey and United Kingdom)

                                                 European and Other Operating
                                                            Subsidiaries
                                            (Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy,
                                              Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain,
                                                Sweden, Switzerland and Taiwan)




                                                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT                     9
BUSINESS


OUR STRATEGY


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to address challenges in the
pharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients
around the world. We have made significant progress towards accomplishing this vision over our first 13 years and
have five strategic competitive advantages positioning us for success both near- and long-term:


1.   We have built a substantial global development and medical affairs team of 3,000+ people on five
     continents, allowing us to run clinical trials predominantly without reliance on CROs. Clinical development
     accounts for over 75% of the cost and most of the time to develop a medicine. We believe that by fully
     integrating these capabilities, we can create a strategic competitive advantage. By retaining clinical
     development activities internally, we can decrease the costs of our trials, increase enrollment speed, and
     leverage technology to ensure quality and consistency across trials and clinical sites. It also allows us to
     become more inclusive in the location and number of clinical sites to help improve the diversity of patients
     in our trials. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is one of our most
     important strategic competitive advantages and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical
     industry.


2.   We have built one of the world’s largest, most productive and cost-effective oncology research teams with
     1,100+ scientists. Their efforts have been validated by commercial approvals, clinical data, and collaborations
     that have secured US$1.5 billion in collaboration payments to the company. We have successfully developed
     three commercially approved medicines from our internal discovery engine, including BRUKINSA and
     TEVIMBRA. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis or a first-in-class
     mechanism of action. Our lead medicine, BRUKINSA, has demonstrated superiority for both progression-
     free survival and overall response rate versus ibrutinib in relapsed or refractory (“R/R”) chronic lymphocytic
     leukemia (“CLL”). Our broad pipeline also includes internally developed products with the potential to be best-
     in-class or first-in-class, including sonrotoclax (our BCL-2 inhibitor) and BGB-16673 (a BTK-targeted CDAC)
     that have both demonstrated their potential with early data. Our pipeline also includes many early-stage
     assets for targets including, pan-KRAS, PRMT5, CDK4, CDK2, B7H3 ADC, CEA-ADC, B7H4-ADC, MUC1 x
     CD16A bispecific antibody (“BsAb”), and Claudin6 x CD3 BsAb. We have invested in technology platforms,
     including CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, ADCs, cell therapies, and
     mRNA. Our research and innovation capabilities will ensure we discover high-quality and impactful medicines
     for patients.




10     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


3.   We have built a strong commercial portfolio, centered around two foundational medicines, BRUKINSA
     and TEVIMBRA, that are primary revenue sources and support the development of our future pipeline and
     additional combination therapies. Our hematological franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which is supported
     by a broad clinical program with over 5,000 patients in 37 trials in 29 markets. We ran two extensive head-
     to-head studies versus ibrutinib with over 800 patients enrolled. We are the first and only BTK inhibitor to
     demonstrate superior efficacy versus ibrutinib, and the data from the head-to-head ALPINE trial were selected
     for the prestigious late-breaker session at the American Society of Hematology (“ASH”) meeting in late
     2022, with simultaneous publication in The New England Journal of Medicine. Based on the pooled safety
     data generated from our trials, we have shown a very favorable safety profile, especially when compared
     to ibrutinib in cardiovascular safety, including atrial fibrillation, ventricle arrhythmia, and hypertension. In
     December 2023, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approved a label update for BRUKINSA to
     include superior progression-free survival (“PFS”) results from the Phase 3 ALPINE trial comparing BRUKINSA
     against IMBRUVICA in previously treated patients with R/R CLL. We believe the differentiation of BRUKINSA
     has been recognized by the market and global BRUKINSA sales increased 128.5% in 2023 vs. 2022.
     BRUKINSA allows us to build a strong position in heme-oncology and we plan to solidify our leadership in
     CLL with sonrotoclax (BCL2i) and our BTK-CDAC while amplifying our impact in other B-cell malignancies
     with progressive treatment strategies such as fixed duration and rational sequencing. Our solid tumor
     franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, TEVIMBRA, which is currently approved in China in
     twelve indications and has achieved the commercial market leader position in China in the PD-1/PD-L1 class.
     Outside of China, TEVIMBRA has been approved in Europe and South Korea and we anticipate U.S. approval
     on or before July 2024 for first-line ESCC. With TEVIMBRA and the potentially best-in-class or first-in-class
     pipeline assets targeting pan-KRAS, PRMT5, CDK4, CDK2, B7H3 ADC, CEA-ADC, B7H4-ADC, MUC1 x
     CD16A BsAb, and Claudin6 x CD3 BsAb, we are well-positioned to build our solid tumor business and deliver
     innovative therapies and combinations to patients.


4.   We have a differentiated global commercial organization of over 3,700 people to deliver medicines to
     patients around the globe, including over 500 in North America and Europe. In North America, our team
     continues to grow BRUKINSA sales following the approvals in the U.S. and Canada for CLL and small
     lymphocytic lymphoma (“SLL”) indications in 2023. In China, the commercial team is marketing 17 internally
     developed and licensed medicines across solid tumors and hematology. BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA continue
     to strengthen market leadership positions in China in the BTKi and PD-1/PD-L1 classes, respectively.
     Altogether, BRUKINSA has been approved in more than 65 markets, with additional filings pending or
     planned. We reacquired the global rights of TEVIMBRA from Novartis in 2023 upon bilateral agreement.
     TEVIMBRA received approval from EMA and South Korea and additional approvals and filings are pending
     or planned. Our strategy is to commercialize our medicines broadly throughout the world. Our commercial
     capabilities have expanded into the Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East regions through our affiliates
     or distribution partners. We have built a global commercial organization that will drive the delivery of highly
     effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe and will continue to collaborate with
     business partners to bridge health inequities.


5.   We have financial strength. In a time when the cost of capital has risen, we are well positioned financially.
     We had cash and cash equivalents of US$3.2 billion as of December 31, 2023. We already have substantial
     product revenue of US$2.2 billion including from our cornerstone assets, which we expect to continue to
     grow significantly in 2024 and beyond. We expect product revenue growth to outpace our operating expense
     growth, which will allow us to continue to improve our operating leverage and cash flow. We will continue to
     be thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and we are committed to generating long-term value
     for our shareholders.



                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            11
BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL AND REGISTRATION STAGE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our commercial products as of February 26, 2024:


                                                          MECHANISM                   REGULATORY                BEIGENE
PRODUCT             LEAD INDICATIONS                      OF ACTION                   STATUS                    COMMERCIAL RIGHTS   PARTNER


                    U.S.: CLL/SLL, R/R MCL1, WM & R/      BTK inhibitor               Approved in more than Global                  N/A
                    R MZL ; China: R/R MCL , R/R CLL/
                           1                     2
                                                                                      65 markets, incl. U.S.,
                    SLL, TN CLL/SLL, R/R WM & TN WM;                                  China, EU, and other
                    EU : WM, R/R MZL, R/R CLL/SLL, R/
                       3
                                                                                      markets
                    R FL


                    China: 1L squamous and non-           Anti-PD-1 antibody          Approved in China,        Global              N/A
                    squamous NSCLC/2/3 L NSCLC/R/                                     EU4, and 3 other
                    R classical hodgkin’s lymphoma2/2/3                               markets; BLA
                    L HCC /R/R PD-L1+ UC , MSI-H or
                           2                 2
                                                                                      accepted in U.S.4
                    dMMR solid tumors, 2L ESCC, 1L
                    NPC, 1L GC/GEJC, 1L ESCC, 1L
                    HCC; EU: 2L ESCC


                    3L BRCA-mutated ovarian cancer2       PARP inhibitor              Approved in China         Global              N/A


                    Giant cell tumor of bone/Skeletal     Anti-RANK ligand            Approved in China         Mainland China
                    related events (SREs)8
                                                          antibody


                    R/R acute lymphocytic leukemia        Anti-CD19 x anti-CD3        Approved in China         Mainland China
                                                          bispecific T-cell engager
                                                          (BiTE)


                    R/R multiple myeloma8                 Proteasome inhibitor        Approved in China         Mainland China




12        BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023             ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                BUSINESS


                                                                       MECHANISM                REGULATORY              BEIGENE
PRODUCT                       LEAD INDICATIONS                         OF ACTION                STATUS                  COMMERCIAL RIGHTS      PARTNER


                              R/R adult multiple myeloma, newly        Anti-angiogenesis,       Approved in China       Mainland China9
                              diagnosed multiple myeloma,              immuno-modulation
                              previously treated follicular lymphoma


                              Myelodysplastic syndromes,               DNA hypomethylation      Approved in China       Mainland China9
                              acute myeloid leukemia, chronic
                              myelomonocytic leukemia


                              Idiopathic multicentric Castleman        IL-6 antagonist          Approved in China       Greater China
                              disease


                              High-risk neuroblastoma2                 Anti-GD2 antibody        Approved in China       Mainland China



POBEVCY® (Avastin             Colorectal, lung, glioblastoma,          Anti-VEGF antibody       Approved in China       Greater China
biosimilar)                   ovarian, fallopian tube or primary
                              peritoneal, and cervical cancers


BAITUOWEI® (goserelin         Breast and prostate cancers              Gonadotropinreleasing    Approved in China       Mainland China
microspheres for injection)                                            hormone (GnRH) agonist


TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)        NSCLC5, melanoma                         BRAF inhibitor           Approved in China       China Broad Markets7



MEKINIST® (trametinib)        NSCLC5, melanoma                         MEK inhibitor            Approved in China       China Broad Markets7



VOTRIENT® (pazopanib)         Advance renal cell carcinoma             VEGFR inhibitor          Approved in China       China Broad Markets7



AFINITOR® (everolimus)        Advanced renal cell carcinoma6, NET, mTOR inhibitor               Approved in China       China Broad Markets7
                              SEGA & breast cancers


ZYKADIA® (ceritinib)          ALK + NSCLC                              ALK inhibitor            Approved in China       China Broad Markets7




                                                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.              •    2023       ANNUAL REPORT        13
BUSINESS


1.    Approved under accelerated approval. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and
      description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. 2. Conditionally approved. Full approval for these indications is
      contingent upon results from ongoing randomized, controlled confirmatory clinical trials. 3. The approval is applicable to
      all 27 EU member states, plus Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway. 4. U.S.: For patients with unresectable recurrent locally
      advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic therapy, and as a first-line treatment for patients with unresectable,
      recurrent, locally advanced, or metastatic ESCC. EU: Accepted for review for patients with NSCLC including: locally
      advanced or metastatic NSCLC after prior chemo, in combination with chemotherapy for 1L advanced or metastatic
      squamous NSCLC, and in combination with chemotherapy for 1L locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC
      with no EGFR or ALK positive mutations. 5. TAFINLAR, in combination with MEKINIST, is indicated for the treatment of
      patients with metastatic NSCLC with BRAF V600E mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test. 6. Following progression
      on or after vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-targeted therapy. 7. Rights to promote and market in China’s broad
      markets pursuant to a Market Development Agreement with an affiliate of Novartis Pharma AG. 8. Conditionally approved.
      Full approval of any particular indication will depend on the results of required post-marketing study(ies) in China. 9. As part
      of the settlement agreement with BMS, the license and supply agreement covering REVLIMID and VIDAZA was terminated
      as of December 31, 2023, subject to our right to continuing selling inventory until it is sold out or December 31, 2024.


      Abbreviations: ALK = anaplastic lymphoma kinase; BLA = Biologics License Application; BRAF = B-rapidly accelerated
      fibrosarcoma; CLL = chronic lymphocytic leukemia; EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; ESCC = esophageal
      squamous cell carcinoma; GC = gastric cancer; GEJC = gastroesophageal junction cancer; HCC = hepatocellular
      carcinoma; MAA = marketing authorization application; MCL = mantle cell lymphoma; MEK = mitogen-activated protein
      kinase (MAPK)/Extracellular-signal regulated kinase (ERK); mTOR = Mammalian target of rapamycin; MZL = marginal
      zone lymphoma; NET = neuroendocrine tumor; NPC = nasopharyngeal cancer; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; R/R
      = relapsed/refractory; SEGA = subpendymal giant cell astrocytoma; SLL = small lymphocytic lymphoma; UC = urothelial
      carcinoma; VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; WM = Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia


Please see the section of this annual report titled “Management Discussion and Analysis” for revenue by product.


We commercialize the following internally developed cancer medicines:


BRUKINSA

BRUKINSA is a next-generation small molecule inhibitor of BTK designed to maximize BTK occupancy and
minimize off-target binding effects. It is an orally active inhibitor that covalently binds to BTK, resulting in irreversible
inactivation of the enzyme.


We are marketing BRUKINSA in the U.S., China, Europe, the UK, Canada, Australia, and other markets.




14      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


In the U.S., BRUKINSA received accelerated approval as a treatment for mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”) in adult
patients who have received at least one prior therapy (November 2019), and has since also been approved for
patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (“WM”) and R/R marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) who have
received at least one anti-CD20-based regimen. The MCL and MZL indications were approved under accelerated
approval based on overall response rate. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon
verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. In January 2023, BRUKINSA was approved
by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of adult patients with CLL or SLL. In December 2023, the FDA approved a label
update for BRUKINSA to include superior progression-free survival (“PFS”) results from the Phase 3 ALPINE trial
comparing BRUKINSA against IMBRUVICA in previously treated patients with R/R CLL. The FDA is currently
reviewing a supplemental new drug application (“sNDA”) submission for BRUKINSA in R/R follicular lymphoma (“FL”)
with a Prescription Drug User Free Act date in March 2024.


In Europe, BRUKINSA has received approval from the European Commission (“EC”) for the treatment of adult
patients with WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of patients unsuitable
for chemo-immunotherapy, as well as for the treatment of patients with R/R MZL and for the treatment of patients
with CLL. In November 2023, the EC approved BRUKINSA in combination with obinutuzumab for the treatment
of adult patients with R/R FL who have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy. BRUKINSA is now
approved to treat more patient populations in the EU than any other BTK inhibitor.


In China, BRUKINSA has received approval from the China National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) for
treatment-naïve adults with CLL or SLL, treatment-naïve adults with WM, R/R CLL/SLL, R/R WM, and conditional
approval for adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. Currently, all five approved
indications for BRUKINSA are included in the updated National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) by the China
National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”).


BRUKINSA is approved across several indications in more than 65 markets as of February 2024.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           15
BUSINESS


Market Opportunity


Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and Hodgkin’s lymphoma. In 2022, estimated global revenues for BTK
inhibitors were approximately US$8.5 billion according to published reports. Global revenues are projected to be
more than US$15 billion in 2028, according to published reports. Please see the section of this annual report titled
“Management Discussion and Analysis” for BRUKINSA net revenue generated in 2022 and 2023.


TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab)

TEVIMBRA is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor programmed cell
death protein 1 (“PD-1”) that we specifically designed to minimize binding to Fc receptor gamma (“FcγR”), which is
believed to play an essential role in activating phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T
effector cells.


Tislelizumab is approved in China in twelve indications:


•     full approval for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or
      gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression in combination with fluoropyrimidine
      and platinum chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) in
      combination with chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with advanced non-squamous NSCLC in combination with chemotherapy;


•     for second- or third-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC who progressed on
      prior platinum-based chemotherapy;


•     for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
      (“ESCC”) who have disease progression following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC in combination with
      chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal cancer (“NPC”);


•     for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”);


•     for the treatment of patients with HCC who have received at least one systemic therapy;




16      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


•      conditional approval for the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma (“cHL”) who received at
       least two prior therapies;


•      for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (“UC”) with PD-L1 high
       expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12
       months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy; and


•      for patients with previously treated, locally advanced unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high
       (“MSI-H”) or mismatch repair-deficient (“dMMR”) solid tumors.


Full approval for these indications is contingent upon results from ongoing randomized, controlled, confirmatory
clinical trials.


Tislelizumab was included in the NRDL in 2020 for cHL and UC, in 2021 for non-squamous NSCLC, squamous
NSCLC and HCC, in 2022 for locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, MSI-H solid tumors, locally advanced or
metastatic ESCC following progression or intolerance to prior first-line chemotherapy, and first-line recurrent or
metastatic NPC, and in 2023 for first-line locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal
junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression and first-line unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or
metastatic ESCC.


In addition, three supplemental Biologics License Applications (“sBLAs”) for tislelizumab for patients with first-line
extensive stage small cell lung cancer (“ES-SCLC”) and for patients with first-line locally advanced unresectable
or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (“GC/GEJ”) regardless of PD-L1 status and
tislelizumab in combination with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with
NSCLC are under review by the Center for Drug Evaluation of the NMPA.


In Europe, the EC has approved TEVIMBRA as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable,
locally advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior platinum-based chemotherapy, along with additional filings.


In the U.S., we have filed a Biologics License Application (“BLA”) with the FDA for TEVIMBRA as a treatment for
patients with unresectable recurrent locally advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic therapy. Additionally,
the FDA accepted for review a BLA for TEVIMBRA as a first-line treatment for patients with unresectable, recurrent,
locally advanced, or metastatic ESCC.


We are evaluating tislelizumab in a broad pivotal clinical program for both solid tumor and hematological indications
globally. BeiGene has launched more than 17 potentially registration-enabling trials with tislelizumab, of which 11
Phase 3 randomized trials and 4 Phase 2 trials have already had positive readouts. More than 900,000 patients
have been prescribed TEVIMBRA globally to-date.


In September 2023, we announced that we had entered into an agreement with Novartis to regain worldwide rights
to develop, manufacture, and commercialize TEVIMBRA.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            17
BUSINESS


Market Opportunity


Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody medicines had revenues of approximately US$36 billion in 2022 based
on public reports. The 2022 China PD-1/L1 market (net revenue) was approximately US$2.2 billion.


Global revenues are projected to be more than US$50 billion by 2025 according to published reports, driven by
multiple factors including indication expansion, approvals and adoptions in earlier lines of therapies, further market
penetration, and extension of duration of therapy.


PARTRUVIX (pamiparib)

PARTRUVIX is a selective small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1 (“PARP1”) and PARP2
enzymes. Pamiparib has demonstrated pharmacological properties such as brain penetration and PARP-DNA
complex trapping in preclinical models.


In China, PARTRUVIX received conditional approval for treatment of patients with germline BRCA (“gBRCA”)
mutation-associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been
treated with two or more lines of chemotherapy in May 2021. Full approval for this indication is contingent
upon results from ongoing corroborative trials confirming the clinical benefit of PARTRUVIX in this population.
PARTRUVIX was included in the 2021 NRDL in its approved indication.


In-Licensed Products from Amgen

We are currently commercializing the following cancer medicines in China under an exclusive license from Amgen:


XGEVA ®

XGEVA (denosumab) is an antibody-based RANK ligand (“RANKL”) inhibitor that was approved globally for the
prevention of skeletal-related events (“SREs”) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and in patients
with multiple myeloma (“MM”), and for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents with giant cell
tumor of bone (“GCTB”). XGEVA is approved in over 70 countries worldwide. In China, XGEVA received conditional
approval in the GCTB indication in May 2019 (converted to regular approval) and received conditional approval for
the SRE indications in November 2020. We began marketing XGEVA in China in July 2020. In December 2020, we
announced the inclusion of XGEVA in the NRDL for the treatment of GCTB, which was successfully renewed for
inclusion in 2023. Beginning in January 2024, the SRE indication was also included in the NRDL.




18     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


BLINCYTO ®

BLINCYTO (blinatumomab), a bispecific CD-19 directed CD3 T-cell engager, is the first and only approved bi-
specific T-cell engager (“BiTE”) immunotherapy. It has been approved in 60 countries for use in patients with acute
lymphoblastic leukemia (“ALL”). In China, BLINCYTO received conditional approval as a treatment for adult patients
with R/R ALL in December 2020 (converted to regular approval) and was conditionally approved in April 2022 for
pediatric patients with R/R B-cell precursor ALL. We began commercializing BLINCYTO in August 2021.


KYPROLIS ®

KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), a proteasome inhibitor, has been approved in over 60 countries for use in patients with R/R
MM. It was approved in China as a treatment for patients with R/R MM in July 2021 and we began commercializing
KYPROLIS in January 2022. KYPROLIS was included on the NRDL beginning in March 2023 for its approved
indication in China.


In-Licensed Products from BMS

We commercialize the following cancer medicines in China under an exclusive license from BMS through 2024:


REVLIMID ®

REVLIMID (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory medicine that was approved in China in 2013 for the
treatment of MM in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy.
In February 2018, REVLIMID received NMPA approval of a new indication for the treatment of MM in combination
with dexamethasone in adult patients with previously untreated MM who are not eligible for transplant.


REVLIMID was listed on the NRDL in June 2017. In November 2019, we announced that REVLIMID received formal
inclusion on the NRDL in China for R/R MM. In November 2020 our sNDA for the use of REVLIMID in combination
with rituximab in adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma was approved by the NMPA.


VIDAZA ®

VIDAZA (azacitidine for injection) is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects of
DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression. VIDAZA was approved in China in April 2017
for the treatment of intermediate-2 and high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes (“MDS”), chronic myelomonocyte
leukemia (“CMML”) and acute myeloid leukemia (“AML”) with 20% to 30% blasts and multi-lineage dysplasia. In
January 2018, VIDAZA became commercially available in China.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           19
BUSINESS


In addition to REVLIMID and VIDAZA, we previously commercialized ABRAXANE® (paclitaxel albumin-bound
particles for injectable suspension), a solvent-free chemotherapy approved for use in certain patients with
metastatic breast cancer, in China until March 2020. On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation,
sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled
by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S.
Following the suspension and recall of ABRAXANE, we initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS which has
since been settled. As part of the settlement agreement, the license and supply agreement covering REVLIMID and
VIDAZA was terminated as of December 31, 2023, subject to our right to continuing selling inventory until it is sold
out or December 31, 2024.


In-Licensed Products from EUSA Pharma

We commercialize the following medicines in China under an exclusive license from EUSA Pharma:


SYLVANT ®

SYLVANT (siltuximab), an interleukin-6 (“IL-6”) antagonist, was approved as a treatment for patients with idiopathic
multicentric Castleman disease (“iMCD”) who are human immunodeficiency virus (“HIV”) negative and human
herpesvirus-8 (“HHV-8”) negative. SYLVANT was approved in China in December 2021 for the treatment of adult
patients with multicentric Castleman disease (“MCD”) who are HIV negative and HHV-8 negative, also known as
iMCD. Beginning in January 2024, Sylvant was included in the NRDL.


QARZIBA ®▼

QARZIBA (dinutuximab beta), a mouse-human chimeric monoclonal GD2 antibody, was granted conditional
approval by the NMPA for the treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above
who have previously received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as patients with a history of R/R neuroblastoma with or
without residual disease. We began commercializing QARZIBA in December 2021.


In-Licensed Product from Bio-Thera

We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Bio-Thera:




20     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


POBEVCY ® (BAT1706)

POBEVCY is a biosimilar to Avastin (bevacizumab) developed by Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd., a commercial-stage
biopharmaceutical company located in Guangzhou, China. In China, Avastin is approved for the treatment of
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, NSCLC, glioblastoma, ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal, and
cervical cancers.


POBEVCY was approved by the NMPA in China in November 2021 and launched in late 2021 for the treatment of
patients with advanced, metastatic or recurrent NSCLC, and metastatic colorectal cancer.


We have acquired the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize POBEVCY in China, including Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan.


In-Licensed Product from Luye Pharma

We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Luye Pharma:


BAITUOWEI ® (goserelin microspheres for injection)

Baituowei (Goserelin Microspheres for Injection), developed by Luye Pharma, is the world’s first and only approved
microsphere formulation of Goserelin. With its innovative microsphere formulation, Baituowei is able to ensure
efficacy and safety while significantly improving patient experience. Baituowei was approved by the NMPA in China
in June 2023 for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer requiring androgen deprivation therapy and included
in the NRDL in 2023, and was approved by the NMPA in China in September 2023 for treating breast cancer in
premenopausal and perimenopausal women that can be treated with hormones.


Reimbursement and Market Access


Our sales are largely dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement by third party payors.
In many markets these third parties are government health systems and in some markets such as the U.S. there
are also private payors such as private health insurers and health systems. As of December 31, 2023, we have
commercialized our products in over 65 markets.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT           21
BUSINESS


In China, there is one main payor, the government’s national health care coverage system, which provides Basic
Medical Insurance to the majority (greater than 95%) of China’s approximately 1.4 billion people. There are three
types of coverage plans in China at the national level that depend on if a resident lives in an urban or rural setting
and if they are employed. The different plans have different characteristics in terms of how the plan is paid for and
what it covers. Coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals in China comes under the purview of the NHSA,
which oversees the NRDL. The NRDL is composed of three lists. The ‘A’ and ‘B’ list are commonly referred to as
the ‘regular’ lists. The A list generally includes older, off-patent medicines, while the B list generally includes newer
medicines, some with remaining patent protection, which are reimbursed at a lower rate compared to the A list. In
2017, a third list was added to the system, often referred to as the ‘C’ list or the ‘negotiation’ list. This list generally
includes newer innovative medicines which are accepted on the list after successful negotiation between the NHSA
and the company. Typically, inclusion on the C list is accompanied by a discount to the prevailing list price in
China for the medicine at the time of inclusion. The NRDL price for a medicine is its prevailing price in China, but
the actual reimbursement rate that is used can be modified at the provincial level. Innovatively, in the 2022 NRDL,
a price bidding process for non-exclusive drugs was undertaken on the C list to set the national reimbursement
price benchmark. As additional indications are included in the NRDL, the price of the medicine is reduced to reflect
increased patient demand as a result of NRDL inclusion.


In the 2023 NRDL, some new rules were added into contract renewal rules:


•     For Category 1 chemical drugs, therapeutic biological products, as well as Category 1 and 3 traditional
      Chinese medicines, manufacturers could apply for re-negotiation. The price cut may not necessarily be higher
      than that of simple contract renewal rules. If re-negotiation is failed, the drug will lose NRDL listing.


•     Drugs that have been included in negotiation list for more than 4 years (including 4) could have a half price cut
      based on the simple contract renewal rules.


•     Drugs that have been included in negotiation list for more than 8 years (including 8) could be transferred to
      Category B.


Several of our medicines are listed on the NRDL. In the latest NRDL list announced in December 2023, the following
medicines and indications have been included in the NRDL, effective January 1, 2024:


•     Tislelizumab in eleven of its eligible approved indications:


      –     In combination with fluoropyrimidine – and platinum-based chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment
            of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction
            adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression (approved in February 2023 and included in the NRDL at
            the end of 2023);


      –     In combination with paclitaxel plus platinum-based or fluoropyrimidine – plus platinum-based
            chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or
            metastatic ESCC (approved in May 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023);




22        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             BUSINESS


–   For the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC who are
    negative for epidermal growth factor receptor (“EGFR”) and anaplastic mesenchymal lymphoma kinase
    (“ALK”) mutations and have progressed after or are intolerant of prior chemotherapy with platinum-
    containing regimens; and adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC who are
    negative or unknown for EGFR and ALK mutations and have progressed after or are intolerant of prior
    chemotherapy with platinum-containing regimens (approved in January 2022 and included in the NRDL
    at the beginning of 2023);


–   For the treatment of adult patients with advanced unresectable or metastatic MSI-H or dMMR solid
    tumors: patients with advanced colorectal cancer with disease progression after prior treatment with
    fluoropyrimidines, oxaliplatin and irinotecan; patients with other advanced solid tumors with disease
    progression after prior treatment and no satisfactory alternative treatment options (approved in March
    2022 and included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


–   For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC who have progressed after or
    are intolerant of prior first-line standard chemotherapy (approved in April 2022 and included in the NRDL
    at the beginning of 2023);


–   As a first-line treatment for patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC (approved in June 2022 and
    included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


–   For use in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy as a first-line treatment in patients
    with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC, with EGFR genomic tumor
    aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative (approved in June 2021 and included in the
    NRDL in 2021);


–   For the treatment of patients with HCC who have been previously treated with at least one systemic
    therapy (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021);


–   For use in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin as a first-line treatment in patients with
    unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC (approved in January 2021 and included
    in the NRDL in 2021);


–   For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC with PD-L1 high expression whose
    disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of
    neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy (conditionally approved in
    April 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020); and


–   For the treatment of patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies (conditionally
    approved in December 2019 and included in the NRDL in 2020).




                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           23
BUSINESS


•    BRUKINSA in all five of its approved indications:


     –     For treatment-naïve patients with CLL or SLL (approved in April 2023 and included in the NRDL at the
           end of 2023);


     –     For treatment-naïve patients with WM (approved in April 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of
           2023);


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with WM who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally
           approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021; converted to regular approval in May 2023);


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally
           approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020); and


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with CLL/SLL who have received at least one prior therapy
           (conditionally approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020; converted to regular approval in
           May 2023).


•    BAITUOWEI in one of its eligible approved indication:


     –     For the treatment of patients with prostate cancer requiring androgen deprivation therapy (approved in
           June 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023).


•    SYLVANT in its approved indication:


     –      For the treatment of adult patients with MCD who are HIV negative and HHV-8 negative (approved in
            December 2021 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023).


•    XGEVA now listed as a Category B medicine and included all of the approved indications:


     –      Prevention of skeletal-related events (fracture, spinal cord compression, or the need for radiation or
            surgery to bone) in patients with MM and in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors (approved
            in November 2020 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023); and


     –      For the treatment of patients with GCTB that is unresectable or where surgical resection is likely to result
            in severe morbidity (first included in the NRDL in 2020).


•    PARTRUVIX successfully renewed its approved indication:


     –      For the treatment of patients with gBRCA mutation-associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian
            tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with two or more lines of chemotherapy
            (conditionally approved in May 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021).




24       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


•    KYPROLIS in its approved indication:


     –     In combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple
           myeloma who have received at least two lines of therapy, including proteasome inhibitor and
           immunomodulator. (approved in July 2021 and included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023).


Additionally, two of our medicines were listed in past NRDLs: REVLIMID was included in the 2017 NRDL negotiation
list and later received formal inclusion in the 2019 Category B list, while VIDAZA was listed in the 2018 NRDL
negotiation list and later received formal inclusion to the 2020 Category B list.


In 2018, China started a new program to centrally purchase non-exclusive medicines for the nation’s health care
system called “volume-based procurement”, or “group purchasing organization” or “4+7” when the program was
first piloted in 11 major cities. After the 2018 pilot program, it was implemented nationally in 2019. It is a tender-
based system that provides guaranteed volume for lowered pricing. Participation in the program requires a
product to have passed a generic quality consistency evaluation, which in turn requires passing a bioequivalence
comparison to the reference listed drug (“RLD”). The system offers a major portion of a market’s volume to winning
bidders. More than one company can win a given tender, and more guaranteed volume is awarded as more bidders
win. The system is still evolving and, as such, the exact terms of how many bidders win and what amount of volume
is won and at what price are also evolving.


It is common in China for pharmaceutical companies to employ patient assistance programs to help patients afford
their innovative medicines. These programs have typically been offered to patients who are self-paying. A typical
program provides a certain number of free doses to patients after a certain number of doses have been paid for.
Usually these programs end when a medicine is included in the NRDL. We offer these types of patient assistance
programs to our patients.


In the U.S., most health insurance coverage is provided by private insurers, often accessed via employer-sponsored
plans, and the two main public insurance programs, Medicare and Medicaid. All three types of programs usually
have some type of coverage for pharmaceutical products. Often this is through a pharmacy benefit manager
(“PBM”). The structure of the pharmacy benefit can be quite different for different beneficiaries depending on the
negotiations between plan sponsors and plan purchasers. There is no central list of covered pharmaceuticals in the
U.S., as there is no single payer system. As such, the prices paid for pharmaceuticals in the U.S. can vary.


We offer patient assistance programs in the U.S. under our myBeiGene program. This program seeks to enhance
access to BRUKINSA by assisting with obtaining reimbursement, co-pay assistance when allowed, temporary
supply of free product for insurance delays, and free product assistance for some uninsured and underinsured
patients. The programs also seek to support patients and caregivers by providing education and information about
BRUKINSA and its approved indications, nurse advocates, and connecting patients to sources of support such as
support groups and transportation/lodging assistance.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT           25
BUSINESS


OUR PIPELINE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our internally-discovered drug candidates as of February 26, 2024:



        Phase 1                        Phase 2                      Phase 3                      Registration                          Approved


Sonrotoclax            BCL2    Zanubrutinib         BTK     Zanubrutinib       BTK         Zanubrutinib         BTK        Zanubrutinib             BTK

• 101/102 B-cell               • 215 B-cell Iymphoma        • 306 TN MCL                   • 304 TN CLL/SLL (JP)           • 304 TN CLL/SLL (US, EU,
 malignancies                  • 218 CD79B R/R DLBCL        • 308 R/R MZL, R/R FL          • 305 R/R CLL/SLL (JP)           CN, Others）
• 103 AML/MDS                  • 217 Lupus nephritis        • 309 pMN                      • 212 R/R FL (US, CN)           • 305 R/R CLL/SLL (US, EU,
• 105 MM t（11; 14）                                                                         • 302 TN R/R WM (JP)             Others)

                        BTK
                               Sonrotoclax         BCL2     Sonrotoclax       BCL2                                         • 205 R/R CLL (CN)
                                                                                           Tislelizumab         PD1
                                                                                                                           • 206 R/R MCL (US, CN,
BGB-16673             CDAC     • 201 R/R MCL                • 301 TN CLL
                                                                                           • 304 1L NSCLC (EU)              Others)
                               • 202 R/R CLL
• 101/102 B-cell                                                                           • 303 2/3L NSCLC (EU)           • 212 R/R FL (EU)
                               • 203 R/R WM                 Tislelizumab       PD1
 malignancies                                                                              • 307 1L Sq. NSCLC (EU)         • 214 R/R MZL (US, EU,
                   next gen                                 • 315 Neo/adj NSCLC*           • 312 1L ES-SCLC (CN)            Others)
                               Ociperlimab         TIGIT
                                                            • 310 1L UBC                   • 305 1L GC/GEJC (ITT-          • 302 TN R/R WM (US, EU,
BGB-21447              BCL2
                               • 205 1L NSCLC               • 311 LA ESCC                    US, CN)                        CN, Others)
• 101 B-cell malignancies                                   • 314 R/R cHL                  • 306 1L ESCC (US, EU)          Tislelizumab             PD1
                               BGB-A445            OX40                                    • 302 2L ESCC (US)
BGB-A445               OX40
                                                            Pamiparib         PARP                                         • 304 1L Non-sq. NSCLC (CN)
• 101 Solid tumors             • 201 Melanoma, RCC,                                                                        • 303 1L Sq. NSCLC (CN)
                                UC                          • 302 2L MTx gBRCAm                                            • 307 2/3L NSCLC (CN)
Surzebiclimab          TIM3                                  PSOC
                                                                                                                           • 305 1L GC (CN)
                               Umbrella Study    Multiple
• 102 Solid tumors                                                                                                         • 301 1L HCC (CN)
                                                            Ociperlimab       TIGIT
                               • LC-201 1L NSCLC                                                                           • 208 2/3L HCC (CN)
BGB-
                               • LC-203 2L+ NSCLC           • 302 1L NSCLC PDL1-                                           • 306 1L ESCC (CN)
15025/26808           HPK1
                               • LC-202 Neoadj NSCLC         high                                                          • 302 2L ESCC (EU, CN)
• 15025- Solid tumors          • HNSCC-201 1L HNSCC                                                                        • 204 2L UBC (CN)
• 26808- Solid tumors                                                                                                      • 309 1L NPC (CN)
                                                                                                                           • 209 2L MSI-H/dMMR (CN)
BGB-30813              DGKζ
                                                                                                                           • 203 R/R cHL (CN)
• 101 Solid tumors                                                                                                         Pamiparib                PARP
BGB-A3055             CCR8
                                                                                                                           • 102 2L gBRCAm OC (CN)
• 101 Solid tumors
                      SMAC
BGB-24714            mimetic

• 101 Solid tumors
BGB-10188             PI3Kδ
                                                                                      • Heme              • Solid tumors      • Non-Oncology
• 101 Solid tumors
                                                                                      Registration includes select accepted submissions
BGB-43395             CDK4
                                                                                      * Primary endpoint met; CN = China
• 101 BC & Solid tumors




26       BEIGENE, LTD.             •    2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                       BUSINESS


The following table summarizes the status of our in-licensed drug candidates as of February 26, 2024:


         Partner                    Molecule/Asset                     Indications               Phase          Commercial Rights
                         tarlatamab ^^                      SCLC                               Phase 3      China
                         Xaluritamig                        Prostate cancer                    Phase 1      China
                         Sitravatinib † + Tislelizumab      NSCLC                              Phase 3      Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                   *     Sitravatinib † + Tislelizumab      ESCC                               Phase 2      China
                         Zanidatamab + chemo + Tislelizumab GEA                                Phase 3      Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                         Zanidatamab (monotherapy)          BTC                                Phase 2      Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                         Zanidatamab                        BC, GC, GEA                        Phase 2      Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                         BGB-3245  1
                                                            Solid tumors                       Phase 1      Ex-Asia plus Japan

                         SEA-CD70                           MDS, AML                           Phase 1      Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                         LBL-007 + Tislelizumab             CRC, NSCLC, HNSCC,                 Phase 2      Ex-China
                                                            ESCC, Melanoma, NPC
                         BG-C9074/DB1312                    BC, EC, OC, CCA, sqNSCLC           Phase 1a     Global

                         CDK2i                              Breast cancer and other solid      Pre-         Global
                                                            tumors                             clinical
                         INOVA-1, INOVA-2, cancer           NSCLC TAA and KRAS                 Pre-         Global
                         vaccine LNP                        neoantigen, liver-specific LNP,    clinical
                                                            and cancer vaccine LNP

^ BiTE® molecule; ^^ Half-life extended BiTE®; † XmAb® is a registered trademark of Xencor, Inc. *Mirati was acquired by Bristol
Myers Squibb in January 2024; †† ZW25; 1 By MapKure, a JV with SpringWorks


Abbreviations: AML = acute myelogenous leukemia; BC = breast cancer; BTC = biliary tract cancers; CRC = colorectal cancer; GC
= gastric cancer; GEA = gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma; GEJC = gastroesophaegeal junction cancer; HCC = hepatocellular
carcinoma; LNP = lipid nanoparticle; MDS = myelodysplastic syndromes; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; SCLC = small cell
lung cancer


OUR COMMERCIAL – AND CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


A description of our commercial- and clinical-stage drug candidates and clinical data from selected clinical trials
is set forth below. Historically, we have made available, and we intend to continue to make available, clinical data
and/or topline results from clinical trials of our drug candidates in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”), and the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”), copies of which are available on the Investors section of our website.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2023        ANNUAL REPORT             27
BUSINESS


Commercial-Stage
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), a BTK Inhibitor


We are currently evaluating zanubrutinib in a broad pivotal clinical program globally to treat a number of B-cell
malignancies. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood and
lymph node compartments in patients. Zanubrutinib is the only BTK inhibitor to demonstrate superior progression-
free survival in R/R CLL versus IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), an approved BTK inhibitor.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

We have announced BRUKINSA approvals around the world, including in the U.S., China, the EU, the UK, Canada,
Australia, South Korea and Switzerland. As of December 2023, 32 additional marketing authorization applications
for BRUKINSA have been submitted and are under review, including by BeiGene and with support from our five
distribution partners: Adium Pharma in Latin America and the Caribbean, NewBridge Pharmaceuticals in the Middle
East and North Africa, Erkim in Turkey, Nanolek in Russia, and Medison in Israel.


Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that BRUKINSA has a best-in-class profile, BeiGene has initiated
broad global pivotal programs in multiple indications, including 11 registration or registration-enabling clinical trials.
Six of the 11 trials are Phase 3, 3 are designed to be registration-enabling Phase 2 trials, and 2 are confirmatory
trials.


•         ROSEWOOD A Global Randomized Study of Zanubrutinib plus Obinutuzumab vs Obinutuzumab Monotherapy
          in Relapsed/Refractory Follicular Lymphoma (FL) (NCT03332017).


•         MAGNOLIA A Single-Arm Multicenter Study of Zanubrutinib subjects With Relapsed or Refractory Marginal
          Zone Lymphoma (MZL) (NCT03846427).


•         A Phase 2, Single-Arm, Open-Label, Multicenter Study of the Bruton Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Zanubrutinib in
          subjects With CD79B Mutant Relapsed/Refractory Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (NCT05068440).


•         ASPEN A Global Randomized Study of Zanubrutinib vs Ibrutinib in Subjects With Waldenström’s
          Macroglobulinemia (WM) (NCT03053440).


•         SEQUOIA A Global Randomized Study of Zanubrutinib vs Bendamustine Plus Rituximab in subjects
          With Previously Untreated Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia or Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma (CLL/SLL)
          (NCT03336333).


•         ALPINE A Global Randomized Study of Zanubrutinib vs Ibrutinib in subjects With Relapsed/Refractory Chronic
          Lymphocytic Leukemia or Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma (CLL/SLL) (NCT03734016).


•         MANGROVE A Randomized Global Study Comparing Zanubrutinib Plus Rituximab vs. Bendamustine Plus
          Rituximab in subjects With Previously Untreated Mantle Cell Lymphoma Who Are Ineligible for Stem Cell
          Transplantation (MCL) (NCT04002297).




28         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


•    MAHOGANY Zanubrutinib Plus Obinutuzumab vs Lenalidomide plus Rituximab in Relapsed/Refractory
     Follicular Lymphoma (FL) (NCT05100862).


•    A Phase 2, Multicenter, Single-arm Study of Zanubrutinib in Patients With Previously Treated B-Cell
     Lymphoma Intolerant of Prior Treatment With Ibrutinib and/or Acalabrutinib.


•    A Global Randomized Study of zanubrutinib vs tacrolimus in Primary Membranous Nephropathy
     (NCT05707377).


•    A Multicenter, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of
     Zanubrutinib in Patients With Active Proliferative Lupus Nephritis (NCT04643470).


In addition, Nature Medicine (December 9, 2023) published compelling combination data of an investigator-initiated
multicenter Phase 2 trial (NCT04271956) investigating BRUKINSA plus our anti-PD-1 TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab)
in CLL patients with Richter’s transformation (“RT”). Extended follow-up data from ALPINE trial was presented
at Annual American Society for Hematology (“ASH”) 2023. In December 2023, we received a U.S. Label Update
which includes PFS superiority in R/R CLL (HR 0.65, p=0.0024); sustained with extended follow-up. Based on
positive readout from ROSEWOOD study, EC has granted approval for the treatment of R/R FL. Finally, we are also
investigating zanubrutinib in several combination studies in MCL, MZL and CLL/SLL, including a Phase 3 trial in
combination with sonrotoclax in front-line CLL/SLL. We continue to examine opportunities for zanubrutinib combos
with both sonrotoclax and tislelizumab.


We continue to pursue regulatory approvals for BRUKINSA globally. Besides our recent label updates in CLL/SLL in
the U.S. (December 2023) and FL in EU (November 2023) we expect continued regulatory decisions for some of our
global submissions this year, including potential additional approvals in more than 10 markets.


TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab), an anti-PD-1 Antibody


Tislelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 that is currently
being evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally and for which we plan to commence additional pivotal trials as a
monotherapy and in combination with standard of care to treat various solid and hematological cancers.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

BeiGene has launched more than 17 potentially registration-enabling clinical trials globally, including 13 Phase 3
randomized trials and 4 Phase 2 trials intended to support regulatory submissions globally.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT          29
BUSINESS


Our trials in lung cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial evaluating tislelizumab as a second- or third-line treatment compared to docetaxel in
      patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC (NCT03358875);


•     Two Phase 3 trials in China evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy in squamous
      and non-squamous NSCLC (NCT03594747 and NCT03663205, respectively);


•     A Phase 3 trial in China in 1L SCLC evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy
      (NCT04005716); and


•     A Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab in combination with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as
      neoadjuvant treatment for patients with NSCLC (NCT04379635).


Our trials in liver cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial comparing tislelizumab with sorafenib as first-line treatment for patients with HCC
      (NCT03412773); and


•     A global single-arm pivotal Phase 2 trial in second or third line unresectable HCC (NCT03419897).


Our trials in gastric cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined with
      chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with gastric cancer (NCT03777657).


Our trials in lymphoma include:


•     A Phase 3 trial in China comparing tislelizumab to salvage chemotherapy in patients with relapsed or
      refractory classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL; NCT04486391); and


•     A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with relapsed or refractory cHL (NCT03209973).




30      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Our trials in urothelial carcinoma include:


•    A Phase 3 trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (NCT03967977);
     and


•    Phase 2 trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial bladder cancer (NCT04004221).


Our trials in ESCC include:


•    A global Phase 3 trial comparing tislelizumab with chemotherapy as second-line treatment for patients with
     advanced ESCC (NCT03430843);


•    A global Phase 3 trial of tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with
     ESCC (NCT03783442); and


•    A Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab versus placebo in combination with chemoradiotherapy in patients with
     localized ESCC (NCT03957590).


Finally, our trials in solid tumors and nasopharyngeal cancer include:


•    A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors (NCT03736889); and


•    A Phase 3 trial in China and Thailand of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined
     with chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with nasopharyngeal cancer (NCT03924986).


As of December 2023, we had enrolled over 13,000 subjects in clinical trials of tislelizumab in more than 30
countries, including 3,500+ subjects outside of China. These studies include 11 multi-regional registrational trials
that are designed for global regulatory approvals. Data from our trials thus far suggested that tislelizumab was
generally well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of tumor types.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT           31
BUSINESS


PARTRUVIX (pamiparib), a PARP1 and PARP2 Inhibitor


Pamiparib is a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2 enzymes that is being evaluated as a
potential monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment of various solid tumors.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

In China, pamiparib received conditional approval in May 2021 for treatment of patients with gBRCA mutation-
associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with
two or more lines of chemotherapy. Full approval for this indication is contingent upon results from ongoing
corroborative trials confirming the clinical benefit of pamiparib in this population.


In addition, our clinical development program includes a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance therapy in patients with
platinum-sensitive recurrent OC (NCT03519230).


Clinical-Stage
Sonrotoclax (BGB-11417), a Small Molecule Bcl-2 Inhibitor


BGB-11417 is an investigational small molecule Bcl-2 inhibitor that is in late-stage clinical trials. We have completed
preclinical studies and have ongoing investigational new drug (“IND”) – enabling studies of BGB-11417, which
demonstrate potent activity and high selectivity against the pro-apoptotic protein Bcl-2. The molecule appears to
be more potent than venetoclax and shows the potential to common venetoclax resistance mutations. Further, it is
more selective than venetoclax for Bcl-2 relative to Bcl-xL. Designed with a shorter half-life, we believe this will lead
to a more favorable tolerability profile and better handling. Finally, we believe that it is well-positioned to be ideal
backbone for combination therapies, especially with zanubrutinib and our BTK-CDAC in fixed duration treatment
strategy.


The preliminary clinical data on pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (“PK/PD”), efficacy and safety from more than
700 patients enrolled by December 2023 in different indications and in different combinations are consistent with
the preclinical best-in-class hypothesis of a more potent and selective BCL2 inhibitor compared to venetoclax. In
TN-CLL sonrotoclax was safe and tolerable in combination with BRUKINSA; with deep and durable responses.


Clinical data of a Phase 1 trial investigating TN-CLL/SLL, MZL (NCT04277637) and 1/2 trials investigating MM
with t(11,14) was presented at ASH 2023. With these encouraging results, our BCL2 inhibitor sonrotoclax (BGB-
11417) program is steadily progressing at pivotal stage. Clinical trials with registration-potential have already been
initiated in R/R MCL globally (NCT05471843), R/R WM globally (NCT05952037) and R/R CLL/SLL for China only
(NCT05479994). Notably, we have just initiated the Phase 3 study of sonrotoclax + BRUKINSA vs venetoclax +
obinutuzumab to support the development of sonrotoclax in the 1L CLL indication. This study has started
enrollment.




32     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted CDAC


BGB-16673 is an investigational BTK-targeting chimeric degradation activation compound (“CDAC”) active against
both wild-type and mutant BTK. BGB-16673 has demonstrated preclinical antitumor activity in models with wild-
type BTK and models with BTK inhibitor-resistant mutations commonly observed in patients who have progressed
on prior BTK inhibitor treatment. A Phase 1 open-label, dose-escalation, and dose-expansion trial (NCT05006716)
in adult patients with R/R B-cell malignancies is currently enrolling. Preliminary results are presented at ASH 2023.
We expect to initiate dose expansion in 2024.


BGB-10188, a PI3Kδ Inhibitor


BGB-10188 is an investigational PI3Kδ inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT04282018) as
monotherapy or in combination with BRUKINSA in hematology malignancies, or in combination with tislelizumab in
solid tumors.


BGB-21447, a Bcl-2 Inhibitor


BGB-21447 is an investigational Bcl-2 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05828589) as
monotherapy in mature B-cell malignancies. In preclinical studies, BGB-21447 shows additional potency and
selectivity, with a longer half-life than sonrotoclax. We believe the differentiated profiles of sonrotoclax and BGB-
21447 may lead to unique development options for these programs.


Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217), a TIGIT Inhibitor


Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217) is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody directed against TIGIT.
An immune checkpoint molecule, ociperlimab is currently being investigated in a global Phase 3 trial, AdvanTIG-302
(NCT04746924), in combination with tislelizumab in NSCLC. As of December 2023, more than 2,000 subjects have
been enrolled across the ociperlimab development program, which includes eight global trials in patients with lung
cancers, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, and cervical cancer.


In December 2021 we announced an option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop,
manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab in North America, Europe, and Japan. In July 2023, the agreement was
mutually terminated and we regained the full global rights for ociperlimab.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT            33
BUSINESS


Due to the changing treatment paradigm, we discontinued AdvanTIG 301 (NCT04866017), a Phase 3 trial of
ociperlimab in combination with its anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab versus AstraZeneca’s Imfinzi (durvalumab)
following concurrent chemoradiotherapy in patients with stage III unresectable NSCLC.


We will continue patient enrollment in AdvanTIG-302, while evaluating all available data to inform future
development opportunities with ociperlimab.


Zanidatamab, a bispecific HER2-targeted antibody


Zanidatamab, a novel investigational Azymetric™ bispecific antibody targeting HER2, is currently in late-stage
clinical development with Zymeworks Inc. BeiGene has development and commercial rights to zanidatamab in
Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. We are participating in three ongoing clinical studies with
zanidatamab. The first is a Phase 1/2 study (NCT04215978) in HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer. The breast
cancer arm combines zanidatamab with docetaxel, and the gastric cancer arm combines zanidatamab with our
PD-1 inhibitor tislelizumab and chemotherapy. The second study HERIZON-BTC-01 (NCT04466891) is a Phase 2b
study in patients with advanced or metastatic HER2-amplified biliary tract cancers (“BTC”) in which zanidatamab is
being used as monotherapy. Positive topline results from this trial were announced in 2022 and presented at ASCO
2023. We are continuing the global Phase 3 clinical trial (NCT05152147) examining zanidatamab in combination
with chemotherapy with and without tislelizumab in HER2-positive gastroesophageal cancer.


Surzebiclimab (BGB-A425), a TIM-3 Inhibitor


Surzebiclimab (BGB-A425) is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against T-cell
immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3. We have an ongoing Phase 2 trial (NCT03744468) of
surzebiclimab in combination with tislelizumab in NSCLC and HNSCC.


BGB-A445, an OX40 Agonist Antibody


BGB-A445 is an investigational agonistic antibody directed to the OX40 antigen. BGB-A445 is a non-ligand
competing antibody that does not disrupt OX40 to OX40 ligand engagement. Preclinical experiments showed that
BGB-A445 has increasing effectiveness at higher doses versus an antibody that was ligand-competing, which
showed falling effectiveness at higher doses. BGB-A445 has also showed in preclinical tests the potential to be
combined with several agents. BGB-A445 is being evaluated in a Phase 1 trial (NCT04215978) in patients with
advanced solid tumors, a Phase 2 basket trial in melanoma, renal cell cancer and bladder cancer (NCT05661955), a
Phase 2 umbrella trial in 1L NSCLC (NCT05635708), and a Phase 2 umbrella trial in 2L+ NSCLC (NCT06029127).




34     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


BGB-15025, a Small Molecule HPK1 Inhibitor


BGB-15025 is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of HPK1, which is a key negative feedback regulator of
TCR signaling. Inhibition of HPK1 leads to enhanced T-cell activation pre-clinically. In addition, preclinical studies
showed that BGB-15025 exhibits combination activity with tislelizumab and has a wide therapeutic window. We
initiated a Phase 1 trial (NCT04649385) of BGB-15025 alone and in combination with tislelizumab in patients with
advanced solid tumors in 2021. This trial is being conducted in multiple countries globally and has entered dose
expansion. BGB-15025 is also being tested in a 1L NSCLC umbrella study in combination with tislelizumab and
other novel agents.


BGB-24714, a SMAC mimetic


BGB-24714 is an investigational Second Mitochondrial-derived Activator of Caspase (“SMAC”) mimetic currently
enrolling in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05381909) as monotherapy and in combination with paclitaxel, or in
combination with chemoradiotherapy in advanced solid tumors.


BGB-26808, a HPK-1 Inhibitor


BGB-26808 is a second-generation HPK-1 inhibitor with a different scaffold from BGB-15025 being evaluated
in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05981703) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in participants with
advanced solid tumors.


Lifirafenib (BGB-283) and BGB-3245, Inhibitors of RAF


Lifirafenib is an investigational novel small molecule inhibitor with RAF monomer and dimer inhibition activities.
Lifirafenib has shown antitumor activities in preclinical models and in cancer patients with tumors harboring BRAF
V600E mutations, non-V600E BRAF mutations or KRAS/NRAS mutations. We have been developing lifirafenib for
the treatment of cancers with aberrations in the mitogen-activated protein kinase (“MAPK”), pathway, including
BRAF gene mutations and KRAS/NRAS gene mutations where first generation BRAF inhibitors are not effective. We
believe that lifirafenib as monotherapy or in combination with other agents may have potential for treating various
malignancies such as melanoma, NSCLC, and endometrial cancer.


BeiGene is working together with SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (“SpringWorks”) in a global clinical collaboration
and has initiated a Phase 1b clinical trial (NCT03905148) to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and preliminary efficacy
of lifirafenib in combination with SpringWorks’ investigational MEK inhibitor, mirdametinib (PD-0325901), in patients
with advanced solid tumors.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            35
BUSINESS


In addition to the collaboration, BeiGene and SpringWorks formed a separate company, MapKure, LLC, to develop
BGB-3245, an investigational, selective next-generation RAF kinase inhibitor discovered by BeiGene scientists.
MapKure has an ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of BGB-3245 (NCT04249843) in patients with advanced or refractory
tumors harboring specific v-RAF murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B (“B-RAF”) genetic mutations.


BGB-30813, a DGKζ Inhibitor


BGB-30813 is an investigational DGKζ inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05904496) as
monotherapy and in combination with tislelizumab in participants with advanced or metastatic solid tumors.


BGB-A3055, an anti-CCR8 Antibody


BGB-A3055 is an investigational anti-CCR8 antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05935098) as
monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in participants with advanced or metastatic solid tumors.


BGB-43395, a CDK-4 Inhibitor


BGB-43395 is an investigational CDK4 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06120283) as
monotherapy or in combination with either fulvestrant or letrozole in participants with hormone receptor positive
(“HR+”) and human epidermal growth factor 2 negative (“HER2-”) breast cancer (“BC”) and other advanced solid
tumors.




36     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS


We have a proprietary biology research platform that has allowed us to research and develop both small molecules
and biologic molecules. In the last decade, this platform has generated more than 10 clinical stage assets, including
three internally-developed molecules that have been approved by regulatory bodies in the U.S., China, EU, and
other markets, with other filings pending globally and planned to be submitted. The platform is a full-process
technology system spanning from early discovery to commercialization of oncology medicines based on multiple
drug technology platforms that can be applied to oncology and other fields. We have core technology platforms for
the development of small molecule and antibody medicines and the manufacturing of our own and potentially other
medicines. Currently, we have over 50 preclinical programs and we believe the majority have best-in-class or first-
in-class potential.


We anticipate advancing many of our preclinical drug candidates into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe
that we have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with our preclinical candidates to target multiple points in the
cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop companion diagnostics that will help identify patients who are
most likely to benefit from the use of our medicines and drug candidates.


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY


We manufacture our medicines and drug candidates internally and in some cases with the help of third-party CMOs.
The manufacturing of our medicines and drug candidates is subject to extensive regulations that impose various
procedural and documentation requirements governing recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls,
personnel, quality control, and quality assurance, among others. Our manufacturing facilities and the facilities of
the CMOs we use to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates operate under current good manufacturing
practice regulations (“cGMP”) conditions. cGMP regulations are requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals
that will be used in humans.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT            37
BUSINESS


Our Manufacturing Facilities


We have manufacturing facilities for small molecule drugs and large molecule biologics in Suzhou and Guangzhou,
China, respectively, to support the commercialization and potential future demand of our internally developed
or in-licensed products. We are also in the process of building a new campus for clinical R&D and biologics
manufacturing in New Jersey, U.S..


Our manufacturing facility in Suzhou is over 13,000 square meters and consists of a manufacturing base for small
molecule drug products with an annual production capacity of about 100 million tablets and capsules and a
biologics clinical development production facility with 2 x 500 liters capacity to produce biologics candidates for
clinical supply. The facility meets or exceeds design criteria of the U.S., EU, and China regulatory requirements. The
facility previously received a manufacturing license to produce commercial volumes of BRUKINSA and PARTRUVIX
for the China market and successfully passed FDA inspection for BRUKINSA in 2023. In 2023, as a result of our
growing commercial and clinical demands, we opened our new small molecule manufacturing facility nearby in
Suzhou with the capability to produce up to 1 billion solid oral dosages annually. This approximately 50,000 square
meter facility is expected to replace our current Suzhou site and support our growing pipeline of small molecule
medicines and drug candidates.


Our state-of-the-art commercial-scale manufacturing facility of large molecule biologics in Guangzhou is
approximately 158,000 square meters. Phases 1 and 2 of the facility were completed in September 2019 and
December 2020, respectively, with 24,000 liters of single use disposable capacity. Additionally, total committed
capacity has been increased to 64,000 liters, with an additional expansion of 10,000 liters mechanically completed
in 2023 with qualification expected by the end of 2024. Phase 1 and 2 are currently approved for the end-to-end
commercial production of tislelizumab for the China market. We have purchased an adjacent tract of land to the
south of the current site and expect opening in the first half of 2024. The new campus will be equipped with the
state-of-the-art ADC production facility and 2 x 500 liters biologics clinical capacity while reserving additional land
for the next phase of expansion to support our growing pipeline of large molecule medicines and drug candidates.
With the ADC expansion, our Guangzhou manufacturing facility will have total biologics capacity of 65,000 liters.


We have almost completed construction at the U.S. flagship manufacturing and clinical R&D facility at the 42-
acre site at the Princeton West Innovation Park in Hopewell, New Jersey. The property, located strategically in the
Interstate 95 corridor of New Jersey, with a deep and rich talent pool, has more than one million square feet of
developable real estate for potential future expansion to cover our existing medicines and pipeline. This site will
have 8,000 liters of large molecule biologics manufacturing capacity and is anticipated to be operational in summer
2024.




38      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Contract Manufacturing Organizations


We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third-party CMOs and CROs for the
production of some drug products and drug substances and the supply of raw materials to meet the commercial,
clinical, and preclinical needs of our medicines and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that
the production qualifications, facilities, and processes of the third-party suppliers engaged by us comply with
relevant regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operational guidelines. We select our third-party
suppliers carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production
capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules,
and business terms.


With our U.S. manufacturing site expected to open this year and continued partnership with global manufacturers,
we continue to diversify our global supply network and do not anticipate any disruption to supply on account of our
established strategy to maintain sufficient safety stock of our products. We have commercial supply and related
agreements with most of our manufacturing service providers. For example, we entered into a commercial supply
agreement with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”) to produce BRUKINSA at Catalent’s Kansas City,
Missouri site and have added Catalent’s facility in Winchester, Kentucky for clinical and commercial use in the U.S.
and other countries outside of China. We currently source the active pharmaceutical ingredient for BRUKINSA from
a supplier in China and full qualification of a supplier outside of China is near completion and will be soon active.
In addition, we entered into a commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China)
Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) for tislelizumab, which is being manufactured at Boehringer Ingelheim’s facility in
Shanghai, China. Additionally, we entered into an agreement with Novartis to regain worldwide rights to develop,
manufacture, and commercialize tislelizumab. We will continue to work with Novartis on development, regulatory
and manufacturing priorities. Novartis will manufacture tislelizumab for many markets worldwide and explore its
potential in combination with their oncology assets. For our commercial and clinical stage products in-licensed from
Amgen, BMS and others, we rely on the licensors and their manufacturing facilities or their CMOs for the supply of
those medicines and drug candidates.


Our agreements with the outsourced suppliers engaged by us generally set out terms, including product quality or
service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection
and acceptance criteria. We are generally allowed to return any products that fail to meet specified quality
standards. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Typically, outsourced suppliers request
settlement of payment within 30 days from the date of invoice. Either party may terminate the agreements by
serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            39
BUSINESS


We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from various suppliers who we believe have
sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities in Beijing and
Suzhou include active pharmaceutical ingredients custom-made by our third-party CROs and excipients, which are
commercially available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies.
The core raw materials used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility are genetically modified cell lines that we
have co-developed and licensed from Boehringer Ingelheim and other third parties.


We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term, dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. We pay for our purchases of raw materials on credit. Credit periods granted to us
by our suppliers generally range from 30 to 60 days. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for any defects in
our finished products.


AMGEN COLLABORATION


Collaboration Agreement


On October 31, 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered
into a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (as amended, the “Amgen
Collaboration Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for
commercializing Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China (excluding Hong Kong,
Macao and Taiwan) for a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as
specified in the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA commencing
following the transition of operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement,
we have the option to retain one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in
China. The parties have agreed to equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s
commercialization period. After expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not
retained will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit
royalties on net sales in China of each product for an additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global clinical development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered
mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China on a product-by-product and
country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory
exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20
years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.




40     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, we will have the right to commercialize the product for
seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, we will have
the right to retain approximately one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than AMG
510, to commercialize for as long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year
commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to received tiered
mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to
specified exclusivity requirements in China and the rest of the world.


In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for
BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i)
stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023
and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of
AMG 510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


BeiGene, Ltd. has guaranteed certain obligations of BeiGene Switzerland under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement.


The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties.
The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant
to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon
the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or
subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial
objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event it
suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to
continue development of the pipeline product in China.


Share Purchase Agreement


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen (as amended, the “Share Purchase Agreement”),
we issued to Amgen 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of the Company on January
2, 2020, representing approximately 20.5% of our then outstanding shares, for an aggregate purchase price of
US$2.78 billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            41
BUSINESS


Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the earliest
of (a) the fourth anniversary of the closing, (b) the expiration or termination of the Collaboration Agreement and
(c) a change of control of BeiGene, Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the date on which it holds less than 5% of our then
outstanding shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters presented for shareholder
approval until the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing and (b) the expiration of the standstill period, all
under specified circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-
up period and (ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed not to sell shares representing more than
5% of our then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period. The lock-up has since expired and under the
terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen now has specified registration rights. Additionally, we have agreed
to use reasonable best efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to participate in subsequent new securities
offerings upon the same terms and conditions as other purchasers in the offering in an amount needed to allow
Amgen to hold up to 20.6% of our shares, subject to applicable law and HKEx rules and other specified conditions.


On March 17, 2020, BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Share Purchase Agreement in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which
agreement was restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to
the Restated Second Amendment, Amgen had an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional
ADSs in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately
20.6% of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option was exercisable on a monthly basis, but only
if Amgen’s interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date was less than 20.4%. The Direct
Purchase Option (i) was exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by
us under our equity incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) was subject to annual approval by our independent
shareholders each year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct
Purchase Option commenced on December 1, 2020 and terminated on December 1, 2023.


On January 30, 2023, BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 3 (the “Third Amendment”) to
the Share Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which Amgen elected to relinquish its right to appoint a designated
director to the Company’s board of directors on account of the Company’s global growth. The Company has
retained Anthony C. Hooper, who was Amgen’s director designee on the Company’s board of directors until Amgen
relinquished its right to appoint a designated director. Mr. Hooper was most recently re-elected by shareholders in
2022 to serve a three-year term ending 2025.




42     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


NOVARTIS COLLABORATION


Collaboration and License Agreement for Tislelizumab


On January 11, 2021, BeiGene Switzerland entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement, which became
effective on February 26, 2021 (the “Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement”) with Novartis, pursuant to
which Novartis will have the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in the U.S., Canada,
Mexico, member countries of the EU, UK, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Russia, and Japan (the
“Licensed Territory”).


Under the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$650 million
from Novartis. Additionally, we were eligible to receive up to US$1.3 billion upon the achievement of regulatory
milestones, US$250 million upon the achievement of sales milestones, and tiered royalties based on percentages
of annual net sales of tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory ranging from the high-teens to high-twenties, with
customary reductions in specified circumstances.


Under the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement, we and Novartis agreed to jointly develop tislelizumab
in the Licensed Territory, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies could conduct clinical trials to explore
potential combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments. We were responsible for funding the ongoing
clinical trials of tislelizumab, and Novartis agreed to fund any new registrational, bridging, or post-marketing studies
in the Licensed Territory. Subject to specified conditions, both parties agreed to jointly fund other new clinical trials
in the Licensed Territory agreed by the parties, provided that each party would be responsible for funding clinical
trials evaluating tislelizumab in combination with its own- or third-party cancer treatments.


In September 2023, we mutually agreed to terminate the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement.
Pursuant to the termination agreement, we regained full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize
tislelizumab with no royalty payments due to Novartis. Upon termination we have no further performance obligations
under the collaboration, and all remaining deferred revenue balances were recognized in full. Novartis may continue
its ongoing clinical trials and has the ability to conduct future combination trials with tislelizumab subject to our
approval. We agreed to provide Novartis with ongoing clinical supply of tislelizumab to support its clinical trials,
while Novartis agreed to provide us with transition services to enable key aspects of the tislelizumab development
and commercialization plan to proceed without disruption, including manufacturing, regulatory, safety and clinical
support.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT             43
BUSINESS


Option, Collaboration and License Agreement for Ociperlimab


On December 19, 2021, we entered into an Option, Collaboration and License Agreement (the “Novartis Option,
Collaboration and License Agreement”) with Novartis, pursuant to which we granted Novartis an exclusive time-
based option to receive an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT
inhibitor ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory.


Under the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$300
million from Novartis and were eligible to receive an additional payment of US$600 million or US$700 million upon
exercise by Novartis of an exclusive time-based option prior to mid-2023 or late-2023, respectively, subject to
receipt of required antitrust approval. Additionally, following the option exercise, we were eligible to receive up to
US$745 million upon the achievement of regulatory approval milestones, US$1.15 billion upon the achievement
of sales milestones, and tiered royalties based on percentages of annual net sales of ociperlimab in the Licensed
Territory ranging from the high-teens to mid-twenties, with customary reductions in specified circumstances.


Under the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement, during the option period, Novartis agreed to
initiate, conduct and fund additional global clinical trials of ociperlimab in combination with tislelizumab in selected
tumor types and we agreed to expand enrollment in two ongoing trials. Additionally, following the option exercise,
the companies agreed to jointly develop ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory, with Novartis sharing development
costs of global trials and responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for commercialization
upon regulatory approvals in the Licensed Territory. We were initially responsible for supplying ociperlimab
to Novartis, with Novartis having the right to conduct manufacturing for its use in the Licensed Territory after
successful transfer of the manufacturing process.


In July 2023, we mutually agreed to terminate the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement.
Pursuant to the termination agreement, we regained full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize
ociperlimab. Upon termination we have no further performance obligations under the collaboration, and all
remaining deferred revenue balances were recognized in full.




44     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


CELGENE LICENSE AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT


On July 5, 2017, we and Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of BMS, entered into a License
and Supply Agreement, pursuant to which we were granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote BMS’s
approved cancer therapies, REVLIMID, VIDAZA and ABRAXANE in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and
Taiwan. In addition, if Celgene decided to commercialize a new oncology product through a third party in the
licensed territory during the first five years of the term, we had a right of first negotiation to obtain the right to
commercialize the product, subject to certain conditions. We subsequently assigned the agreement to our wholly-
owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland.


On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously
supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection
findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S. Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’
notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE in China. We initiated an
arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it breached the terms and conditions of the license and supply
agreement. In August 2023, we entered into a settlement agreement which terminated the License and Supply
Agreement on December 31, 2023, subject to our right to continue selling all inventory of REVLIMID and VIDAZA
until sold out or December 31, 2024, whichever is earlier.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our medicines, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an
important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below.
We have filed patent applications and obtained patents in the U.S. and other countries and regions, such as China
and Europe, relating to our medicines and certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional patent
protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We sometimes rely on trade secrets
to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent
protection, including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation
and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our development programs.


As of February 14, 2024, we owned 63 issued U.S. patents, 46 issued China patents, a number of pending U.S. and
China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications internationally.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            45
BUSINESS


The key patents for our medicines and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of February 14, 2024, are summarized
below:


Molecule                               Territory      General Subject Matter                                   Expiration1


BRUKINSA® (Zanubrutinib)               U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2034
                                       U.S.           Oral dosage form                                               2034
                                       U.S.           Use for modulating Bruton’s tyrosine kinase activity           2034
                                       U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2037
                                       U.S.           Use for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma                  2037
                                       U.S.           Use for the treatment of B-cell proliferative disorder         2037
                                       U.S.           Use for the treatment of B-cell proliferative disorder         2043
                                       China          Compound and composition                                       2034
                                       China          Crystalline forms                                              2037


TEVIMBRA® (Tislelizumab)               U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                       U.S.           Use for the treatment of cancer                                2033
                                       U.S.           Antibodies and use for the treatment of cancer                 2033
                                       U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                       U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                       China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                       China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                       China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                       China          Antibodies                                                     2033


PARTRUVIX® (Pamiparib)                 U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2031
                                       U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2031
                                       U.S.           Use for the treatment of cancer                                2031
                                       U.S.           Compositions                                                   2031
                                       U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2036
                                       China          Compound and composition                                       2031
                                       China          Use for the treatment of cancer                                2031
                                       China          Crystalline forms                                              2036


Ociperlimab                            U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2038


Sonrotoclax                            U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2039
                                       China          Compound and composition                                       2039

(1) The expected expiration does not include any additional term for patent term extensions.




46       BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize three medicines in China. The key patents
for them in China as of February 14, 2024 are summarized below:


Product                         Territory    General Subject Matter                                   Expiration


BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab)        China        Use for the treatment of pediatric acute lymphoblastic   2029
                                             leukemia
KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib)         China        Compound and Composition                                 2025


We have one in-licensed medicine in China from Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Luye”). The key patent
for it in China as of February 14, 2024 is summarized below:


Product                         Territory    General Subject Matter                                   Expiration


BAITUOWEI®                      China        Formulation                                              2034
  (goserelin microsphere)


Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is limited. We
may face competition from generic medications for our medicines and any approved drug candidates even if we
successfully obtain patent protection. The scope, validity or enforceability of our or our collaborators’ patents may
be challenged in court or other authorities, and we or they may not be successful in enforcing or defending those
intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively,
which would have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. Additionally, in China, the NMPA
may approve a generic version of a brand-name medicine that still has patent protection. As such, any issued
patents may not protect us from generic or biosimilar competition for these medicines. Under our license agreement
with Amgen, they retain the responsibility, but are not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for
the corresponding in-licensed products. Under our license agreement with Luye, Luye retains the responsibility,
but is not obligated, to prosecute the in-licensed patents for the corresponding in-licensed product, and BeiGene
retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to defend and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed
product.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT             47
BUSINESS


The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, including the U.S. and China, the term of an issued patent is generally 20 years from the earliest
claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the U.S., a patent’s term
may be lengthened in some cases by a patent term adjustment, which extends the term of a patent to account
for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), in excess of a patent
applicant’s own delays during the prosecution process, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed
over a commonly owned patent having an earlier expiration date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can
be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost in obtaining FDA regulatory approval. However, the
restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must
not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. In China, the Amended PRC Patent Law also provides both patent
term adjustment and patent term extension.


In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.


We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect aspects of our
technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors and invention assignment agreements
with our employees. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by
maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology
systems.


Additionally, we currently own a number of registered trademarks and pending trademark applications. We currently
have registered trademarks for BeiGene, our corporate logo and product names and logos in the U.S., China,
the EU and other jurisdictions, and we are seeking further trademark protection for BeiGene, our corporate logo,
product names and logos, and other marks in jurisdictions where available and appropriate.




48        BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


COMPETITION


We operate in a highly competitive environment and our marketed products face intense competition in regulated
markets around the world. Our main competitors include other global research-based biopharmaceutical companies
as well as smaller regional and local companies. These companies participate in one or more activities including the
development, production, and promotion of products that are intended to treat diseases or indications that are like
products we currently market or are in the process of developing to market. For example:


BRUKINSA – Conventional methods of treating lymphomas vary according to the specific disease or histology,
but generally include chemotherapy, antibodies directed at CD20, a molecular marker found on the surface of
B-cells, and, less frequently, radiation. Recently, significant progress has been made in the development of new
therapies for lymphomas, including BTK inhibitors. The BTK inhibitor IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), marketed by AbbVie
and Janssen, was first approved by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received
at least one prior therapy. Since that time, ibrutinib has been approved in over 90 countries and regions and has
expanded its indications. Another BTK inhibitor, AstraZeneca’s CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib), was approved by
the FDA in 2017 under accelerated approval for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received at least
one prior therapy, and in November 2019 for use in adults with CLL/SLL as a single agent or in combination with
obinutuzumab. In January 2023, the FDA approved Lilly’s JAYPIRCA™ (pirtobrutinib, a reversible BTK inhibitor)
for the treatment of adult patients with R/R MCL after at least two lines of systemic therapy, including a BTK
inhibitor. In China, BRUKINSA competes with IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), which received approval in 2017, YINUOKAI®
(orelabrutinib) from Innocare, which was approved in 2020, and CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib), which was approved
in 2023.


TEVIMBRA – A number of PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody medicines have been approved by the FDA or EMA. These
include Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), BMS’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ® (atezolizumab),
AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Pfizer and Merck Sereno’s BAVENCIO® (avelumab), Regeneron and Sanofi’s
LIBTAYO® (cemiplimab), GSK’s JEMPERLI® (dostarlimab), and Junshi’s toripalimab. In the global setting, several
PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody agents are in late-stage clinical development in addition to tislelizumab. In China, as
of December 25, 2023, there are nine other approved PD-1 antibodies: OPDIVO® (nivolumab) and KEYTRUDA®
(pembrolizumab), Junshi’s TUOYI® (toripalimab), Innovent’s TYVYT® (sintilimab), Hengrui’s AIRUIKA® (camrelizumab),
Akeso’s ANNIKE® (penpulimab), Gloria’s YUTUO® (zimberelimab), Henlius’s HANSIZHUANG® (serplulimab) and
Lepu’s PUYOUHENG® (pucotenlimab). There are five approved PD-L1 antibody agents: AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI®
(durvalumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ® (atezolizomab), CStone’s ZEJIEMEI® (sugemalimab), Alphamab’s ENWEIDA®
(envafolimab), and Hengrui’s AIRUILI® (adebrelimab). Akeso’s PD-1xCTLA-4 bispecific antibody, KAITANNI®
(cadonilimab) was approved in China. There are approximately 40 more PD-1 and PD-L1 agents in clinical
development in China.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           49
BUSINESS


PARTRUVIX – We are competing with multiple PARP inhibitors in China. AstraZeneca received approval for olaparib
in August 2018. Zai Labs obtained development and commercial rights for niraparib in China, and its NDA was
approved by the NMPA in December 2019. Fluzoparib from Hengrui/Hansoh was approved in December 2020.


Ociperlimab – We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies developing TIGIT antibodies, including Agenus,
Arcus, BMS, Compugen, Roche/Genentech, Innovent, iTeos Therapeutics, Merck KGaA, Mereo BioPharma,
Seagen, Junshi, Bio-Thera and Akeso. To our knowledge, there are currently no approved anti-TIGIT antibodies and
the most advanced agent is in Phase 3 development.


Sonrotoclax – We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies developing BCL2 inhibitors, including
AbbVie, Roche, Ascentage Pharma, Fochon Pharma, Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical, AstraZeneca, Lupeng
Pharmaceutical, TargetRx, Novartis, Servier, Zentalis Pharmaceuticals and InnoCare Pharma. To our knowledge,
venetoclax was approved by the FDA in April 2016, the EMA in December 2016 and by the NMPA in December
2020.


Many of the larger companies we compete with are well-capitalized and dedicate a significant number of financial
resources to support their research and development, while using business development to supplement their
internal pipelines. As a result, we must continuously invest and gain experience in the development, acquisition,
and marketing of innovative and branded medicines and drug candidates to compete effectively in both current and
future markets. This requires us to devote substantial funds and resources to R&D to prevent or slow the erosion
of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development. Please see the section of this
annual report titled “Management Discussion and Analysis” for R&D expenses incurred in 2022 and 2023.


The main forms of competition include efficacy, safety, and cost. The long-term success of our products depends
on our ability to effectively demonstrate the value that each one of them offers to physicians, patients, and third-
party payers. This requires a much greater use of a direct sales force to realize significant revenues. We also have
and will continue to enter into co-promotion, contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties,
for example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum
market penetration. Furthermore, robust compliance system, science-based promotion model, and integrated
management will also be competitive advantage in the industry in the long run, which we invest significant effort to
establish.




50      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


The following section includes material factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and operations.
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained in this
annual report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the “Management Discussion and
Analysis” section of this annual report before deciding to invest in our ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares. The
occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and
RMB Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy
and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these
treatments to the exclusion of our medicines. If our medicines do not achieve and maintain an adequate level of
market acceptance, the sales of our medicines may be limited and we may not become profitable. The degree
of market acceptance of our medicines will depend on a number of factors, including: the clinical indications for
which our medicines are approved; physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our
medicines safe and effective; government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups, insurance
carriers, physicians’ groups, private health and science foundations recommending our medicines; the perceived
advantages and relative cost of alternative treatments; the prevalence and severity of any side effects; product
labeling, including limitations or warnings, or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities; the timing of
market introduction of our medicines as well as competitive medicines; the availability of adequate coverage,
reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; and the effectiveness of our sales and
marketing efforts.


Even if our medicines achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over
time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received, are more cost effective or
render our medicines obsolete.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           51
RISK FACTORS


We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to
market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


We became a commercial-stage company in 2017, when we entered into a license and supply agreement with
Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), to commercialize three of BMS’s approved
cancer therapies, in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). In October 2019, we entered into a
collaboration with Amgen for its commercial-stage oncology products and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-
stage oncology pipeline products. We received the first approvals for our internally developed drug candidates
in late 2019 in the United States (“U.S.”), in 2020 in China, and in 2021 in Europe. Given this, we have limited
experience in commercializing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines, including building and managing
a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement,
and managing distributors and a sales force for our medicines. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize
our medicines may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with
substantial experience in launching medicines.


If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing, and commercial distribution
capabilities for any or all of our medicines, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and
marketing of our medicines. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such
collaborative arrangements, or whether they will have effective sales forces. We would have little or no control over
the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we
had commercialized our medicines ourselves.


There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully maintain internal sales
and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to
successfully commercialize any medicine, and as a result, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales
revenue.


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


The development and commercialization of new medicines is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell medicines or are
pursuing the development of medicines for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our medicines
or developing our drug candidates. For example, BRUKINSA, tislelizumab, and pamiparib face substantial
competition, and some of our products face or are expected to face competition from generic therapies. Potential
competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing, and commercialization.




52     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
medicines that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less
expensive than our medicines. Our competitors also may obtain approval from regulatory authorities for their
medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a
strong market position before we are able to enter the market and/or slow our regulatory approval.


Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved medicines than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and
marketing personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed
prior treatments and may be small.


In markets with approved therapies, we have and expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later
stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those medicines that prove
to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second-line therapy and potentially as
a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our medicines and drug candidates, even if approved, would be
approved for second-line or first-line therapy.


Our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these diseases in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our medicines and drug candidates, may prove to be inaccurate and new studies may change the
estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for
our medicines and drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our medicines and
drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our medicines and drug candidates, because the
potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for
additional indications, including use as a first- or second-line therapy.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT             53
RISK FACTORS


If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to achieve
and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement or are subject to unfavorable pricing regulations,
our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.


Our ability or the ability of any third parties with which we collaborate to commercialize our medicines successfully
will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these medicines is available from government health
administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. In the U.S. and other countries, patients
generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate
coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and
commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Sales of our medicines will depend substantially, on the
extent to which the costs of our medicines will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit
and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities,
private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Without third-party payor reimbursement, patients
may not be able to obtain or afford prescribed medications. Third-party payors also are seeking to encourage the
use of generic or biosimilar products or entering into sole source contracts with healthcare providers, which could
effectively limit the coverage and level of reimbursement for our medicines and have an adverse impact on the
market access or acceptance of our medicines. In addition, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided
to prescribing physicians by third party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians’
willingness and ability to prescribe our products.


A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors
have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications.


In the U.S., no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors. As a
result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party payor is a
time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and
cost – effectiveness data for the use of our medicines on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. The principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are
typically made by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (the “CMS”). They decide whether and to what
extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a
substantial degree. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: a
covered benefit under its health plan; safe, effective and medically necessary; appropriate for the specific patient;
cost-effective; and neither experimental nor investigational.


Coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (“FDA”) or comparable regulatory authorities in other countries. Even if we obtain coverage for a
given medicine, the resulting reimbursement rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability
or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or
provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our medicines.
Patients are unlikely to use our medicines unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a
significant portion of the cost of the medicine. Because some of our medicines and drug candidates have a higher
cost of goods than conventional therapies and may require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that coverage
and reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.




54     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Net prices for drugs may also be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from
countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S.


In China, drug prices are typically lower than in the U.S. and Europe, and until recently, the market has been
dominated by generic drugs. Government authorities regularly review the inclusion or removal of medicines from
China’s National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), or provincial or local medical insurance catalogues for the
National Medical Insurance Program, and the tier under which a medicine will be classified, both of which affect
the amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those medicines. Products included in
the NRDL have typically been generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs similar to our medicines and drug
candidates have historically been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL due to the affordability of the Chinese
government’s Basic Medical Insurance, although this has been changing in recent years. For example, BRUKINSA,
tislelizumab, PARTRUVIX, XGEVA and KYPROLIS have been included in the NRDL. While the demand for these
medicines has generally increased after inclusion in the NRDL, there can be no assurance that demand will continue
to increase and such increases will be sufficient to offset the reduction in the prices and our margins, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We prepare for the
NRDL negotiations in China for our eligible medicines/indications annually. If any of these medicines/indications
are not included in the NRDL or included at a significantly lower price, the revenues for such medicines could be
limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


The government in China also launched a national program for volume-based, centralized drug procurement
with minimum quantity commitments to negotiate lower prices from drug manufacturers and reduce the price of
drugs. The Chinese government awards contracts to the lowest bidders who can satisfy the quality and quantity
requirements. The successful bidders are guaranteed a sale volume for at least a year. A volume guarantee gives
an opportunity to gain or increase market share. The volume guarantee is intended to make manufacturers more
willing to cut their prices to win a bid. It may also enable manufacturers to lower their distribution and commercial
costs. Many types of drugs are covered under the program, including drugs made by international pharmaceutical
companies and generics made by domestic Chinese manufacturers. For example, in 2020, ABRAXANE and its
generic forms were included in the program. We won the bid and became one of the three companies who were
awarded a government contract, with a price for sales of ABRAXANE under the government contract that would
have been significantly lower than the price that we had been charging. Also in 2020, VIDAZA and its generic
forms were included for bidding in the program. We did not win the bid for VIDAZA, which resulted in the drug
being restricted from use in public hospitals, which account for a large portion of the market, and a decline in sales
revenue. Moreover, the program may change how generic drugs are priced and procured in China and is likely to
accelerate the replacement of originator drugs with generics. We cannot be sure whether there will be any changes
to the program in the future. The implementation of the program may negatively impact our existing commercial
operations in China as well as our strategies on how to commercialize our drugs in China, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT               55
RISK FACTORS


Countries in Europe provide options to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health
insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To
obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that
compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Countries may
approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on
the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. Furthermore, some countries require
approval of the sale price of a medicine before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period
begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In some non-U.S. markets, prescription pharmaceutical
pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we
might obtain regulatory approval for a medicine in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that
delay our commercial launch of the medicine and negatively impact our revenues and results of operations.


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any medicine that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any medicine which we commercialize.
Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our medicines may be particularly difficult because of the higher
prices often associated with medicines administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not
available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any medicine and
drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved medicines, and coverage may be more
limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for
reimbursement does not imply that any medicine will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs,
including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new medicines, if
applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary
according to the use of the medicine and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost medicines that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other
services. Net prices for medicines may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict imports of
medicines from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Our inability to promptly obtain
coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our medicines and any
new medicines that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results, and our
overall financial condition.


We intend to seek approval to market our medicines and drug candidates in the U.S., China, Europe and in
other jurisdictions. In some countries, such as those in Europe, the pricing of drugs and biologics is subject
to governmental control, which can take considerable time even after obtaining regulatory approval. Market
acceptance and sales of our medicines will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and
reimbursement from third-party payors for our medicines and may be affected by existing and future health care
reform measures.




56      BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


We have operations in the U.S., China, Europe, and other markets and plan to expand in these and new markets
on our own or with collaborators, which exposes us to risks of conducting business in international markets.


We are currently developing and commercializing or plan to commercialize our medicines in international markets,
including China, Europe and other markets outside of the U.S., either on our own or with third party collaborators
or distributors. Our international business relationships subject us to additional risks that may materially adversely
affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:


•     difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;


•     potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;


•     unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of normal trade
      status between China and the U.S. or actions taken by U.S. or China governmental authorities on companies
      with significant operations in the U.S. and China, such as us;


•     economic weakness;


•     compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling abroad;


•     the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;


•     currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;


•     workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;


•     failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
      regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws;


•     business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, public
      health crises or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires;
      and


•     international military conflicts and related sanctions.


These and other risks, including the risks described in “Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC”, may
materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue in international markets.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023       ANNUAL REPORT     57
RISK FACTORS


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our medicines or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.


Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our medicines, which do not meet our
or our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit
medicine may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer
harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit medicines sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition,
thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold
through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.


Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier
studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain.
Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical
trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim
results of a trial may not be predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to
show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical
trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials
of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols,
differences in the size and type of the patient populations, patient adherence to the dosing regimen and the rate
of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier
trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites and additional countries involved in such trials. A number of
companies in our industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or
adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be
favorable.




58      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical
trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous
unexpected events during clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or
commercialize our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards (“IRBs”),
or ethics committees may not authorize us to conduct a clinical trial or may require us or our investigators to
suspend or terminate clinical research or not rely on the results of our clinical research for various reasons,
including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms
with contract research organizations (“CROs”) and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive
negotiation and may vary significantly; manufacturing issues, including problems with supply quality, compliance
with good manufacturing practice (“GMP”), or obtaining sufficient quantities of a drug candidate for use in a clinical
trial; clinical trials of our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or
regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon drug development programs; the number
of patients required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or slower than
we anticipate or patients may drop out at a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors, including
clinical investigators, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a
timely manner, or at all; we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials for various reasons, including a finding
of a lack of clinical response or other unexpected characteristics or a finding that participants are being exposed to
unacceptable health risks; the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and
the supply or quality of our medicines and drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials
may be insufficient or inadequate.


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates, or not obtain regulatory
approval at all; obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; have the drug removed from the
market after obtaining regulatory approval; be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; be subject
to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or be unable to obtain reimbursement or
obtain reimbursement at a commercially viable level for use of the drug.


Significant clinical trial delays may also increase our development costs and could shorten any periods during which
we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to market
before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business and
results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            59
RISK FACTORS


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We have and may
continue to experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the
size and nature of the patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, competition from
competing companies, and natural disasters or public health crises.


Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us,
because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead enroll in a trial being conducted by
a competitor. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is limited, we expect to
conduct some of our clinical trials at the same sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number
of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such sites. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of
patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or
outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect
our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.


Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with such
regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


We are currently focusing our pharmaceutical-industry activities in the major markets of the U.S., China, Europe,
and other select countries and regions. These areas all strictly regulate the pharmaceutical industry, and in doing
so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of product development and approval,
manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the regulatory
regimes that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance burden. Additionally, the China National
Medical Products Administration’s (“NMPA”) reform of the medicine and approval system may face implementation
challenges. The timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing our
medicines and drug candidates in a timely manner.




60     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with laws and regulations require the expenditure
of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with requirements at any time during the product
development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions.
These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval,
license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls, product seizures, total or partial
suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations could have a material
adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of
ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This
suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S. In any event, the
receipt of regulatory approval does not assure the success of our commercialization efforts for our medicines.


We may be subject to anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse
laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil
penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished sales.


Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our
approved products. Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without
limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), and physician payment sunshine
laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education
programs. In addition, we are subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in
which we conduct our business.


In addition, the approval and commercialization for our medicines and drug candidates outside the U.S. subjects
us to non-U.S. equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws. Some of these
non-U.S. laws may be broader in scope and subject to the discretion of non-U.S. law enforcement authorities,
including Chinese authorities who recently increased anti-bribery efforts to reduce improper payments and other
benefits received by physicians, staff and hospital administrators in relation to sales, marketing and purchase of
pharmaceuticals. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we
fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023       ANNUAL REPORT       61
RISK FACTORS


In the past, we have made grants to independent charitable foundations that help financially needy patients with
their premium, co-pay, and co-insurance obligations and we expect to make such grants in the future. If we
choose to do so, and if we or our vendors or donation recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws
or regulations in the operation of these programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties, or other
criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions or enforcement actions. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls
and procedures will be sufficient to protect against acts of our employees, business partners, or vendors that may
violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, there has been increased
scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs, and donations
to third-party charities that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments of
reimbursement support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Regardless of
whether we have complied with the law, a government investigation could impact our business practices, harm our
reputation, divert the attention of management, increase our expenses, and reduce the availability of foundation
support for our patients who need assistance.


Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal FCA as well as under the false claims laws of several
states. Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of
fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these
laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that
our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will
involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices
may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or
other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible
exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages,
individual imprisonment, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring
of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate
integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Furthermore, if
any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we do business are found to be not in compliance
with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from
government funded healthcare programs, which may adversely affect our business.




62     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or
other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties,
sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and growth prospects.


We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B program, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs,
Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”) pricing program, and the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, which require us
to disclose average manufacturer pricing, and, in the future may require us to report the average sales price for
certain of our drugs to the Medicare program. Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs,
are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts.
Furthermore, regulatory and legislative changes, and judicial rulings relating to these programs and policies (including
coverage expansion), have increased and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance,
have been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, particularly if CMS or another agency challenges the approach we take in our implementation.
For example, in the case of our Medicaid pricing data, if we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter
was incorrect or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are generally obligated to resubmit
the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due. Such restatements increase our costs
and could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations also may
affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products under the 340B program and give rise to an
obligation to refund entities participating in the 340B program for overcharges during past quarters impacted by a
price recalculation.


Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product
information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average
sales price, if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or if we are found to have charged 340B
covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. Additionally, our agreement to participate in the
340B program or our Medicaid drug rebate agreement could be terminated, in which case federal payments may
not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part D for our covered outpatient drugs. Additionally, if we overcharge
the government in connection with our arrangements with FSS or Tricare Retail Pharmacy, we are required
to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract
overcharges can result in allegations against us under the FCA and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds
to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and
time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and growth prospects.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            63
RISK FACTORS


Further, legislation may be introduced that, if passed, would, among other things, further expand the 340B program
to additional covered entities or would require participating manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted
pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting, and any additional future changes to the definition of average
manufacturer price or the Medicaid rebate amount could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively
impact our results of operations. Additionally, certain pharmaceutical manufacturers are involved in ongoing
litigation regarding contract pharmacy arrangements under the 340B program. The outcome of those judicial
proceedings and the potential impact on the way in which manufacturers extend discounts to covered entities
through contract pharmacies remain uncertain.


The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience delays
or are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially
harmed.


Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the U.S.,
to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is safe,
pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the new drug application (“NDA”) or biologics license
application (“BLA”) must include comprehensive information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls
(“CMC”) for the drug candidate. If we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA, we cannot be certain that a submission
will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA.


Regulatory authorities outside of the U.S., such as the NMPA and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), also have
requirements for approval of medicines for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those
areas. Regulatory requirements, approval processes and review periods can vary from country to country and
could delay or prevent the introduction of our drug candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be
accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not
mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Seeking regulatory approvals outside of the U.S.
could require additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. For all of
these reasons, we may not obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.




64     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


The processes required to obtain approval by the FDA, the NMPA, the EMA, and other comparable regulatory
authorities are complex, costly, unpredictable and typically take many years following the commencement of
preclinical studies and clinical trials and depend on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of
the regulatory authorities. Regulatory approval is never guaranteed. Furthermore, we have limited experience in
obtaining regulatory approvals for our drug candidates, including preparing the required materials for regulatory
submission and navigating the regulatory approval process. As a result, our ability to successfully obtain regulatory
approval for our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we
were a company with substantial experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.


Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:


•    failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;


•    failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
     and potent for its proposed indication;


•    failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;


•    reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;


•    disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;


•    changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
     or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;


•    regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
     regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
     candidates or other products;


•    failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
     requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;


•    a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory inspections of our development activities,
     regulatory filings or manufacturing operations, whether as a result of a global pandemic or other reasons, or
     our failure to satisfactorily complete such inspections;


•    our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
     and


•    clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
     conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT         65
RISK FACTORS


For example, in 2022, the FDA extended the Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date for the supplemental new
drug application (“sNDA”) for BRUKINSA as a treatment for adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia or
small lymphocytic lymphoma by three months, to allow time to review additional clinical data submitted by us,
which was deemed a major amendment to the sNDA. Additionally, in 2022, the FDA deferred action on the BLA for
tislelizumab as a second-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic ESCC, citing only the inability
to complete inspections due to COVID-19 related restrictions on travel.


Our development activities, regulatory filings and manufacturing operations also could be harmed or delayed
by a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the FDA, or governments and regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions. If the FDA or other health authorities are delayed or unable to complete required regulatory inspections
of our development activities, regulatory filings or manufacturing operations due to government shutdowns, public
health crises, or other reasons, or we do not satisfactorily complete such inspections, our business could be
materially harmed.


Delays in the completion of a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates will increase our costs, slow down our drug
development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues
for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.
In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials
may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates.




66     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
including in China. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted
at all. The FDA will generally not consider the data from a foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND unless
(i) the trial was well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with good clinical practice (“GCP”) requirements,
including requirements for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and
reporting of clinical trials in a way that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and
accurate and that the rights, safety, and well-being of trial subjects are protected, and (ii) the FDA is able to validate
the data from the trial through an onsite inspection, if necessary. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials
are intended to serve as the sole basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the
application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S.
medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data
may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an
inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate
means. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and
statistical powering must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. There can
be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted
outside of the U.S. or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does
not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming,
and which may result in drug candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the
applicable jurisdiction.


Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
medicines and drug candidates.


Our medicines and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping,
conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-marketing information,
including both federal and state requirements in the U.S. and requirements of comparable regulatory authorities in
China, Europe and other regions. As such, we and our collaborators will be subject to ongoing review and periodic
inspections to assess compliance with applicable post-approval regulations. Additionally, to the extent we want to
make certain changes to the approved medicines, product labeling, or manufacturing processes, we will need to
submit new applications or supplements to regulatory authorities for approval.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT             67
RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the U.S., ensuring that quality control and manufacturing
procedures conform to GMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will be subject to
continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments made in any
NDA, BLA or other marketing application, and previous responses to any inspection observations. Accordingly,
we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory
compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. The failure to comply with these requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation,
sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled
by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S.


The regulatory approvals for our medicines and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and
may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the medicine may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, which could adversely affect the medicine’s commercial potential or contain requirements
for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the medicine
or drug candidate. Failure to exhibit due diligence when conducting post-marketing requirements could result in
withdrawal of approval for products. The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may also require
a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) program or comparable program as a condition of approval of our
drug candidates or following approval. In addition, if the FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority
approves our drug candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including, for example, submissions
of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, establishment registration, as well as continued
compliance with GMP and GCP for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.




68     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or withdraw
marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the drug
reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our medicines or drug candidates or
with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions
to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to
assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other
potential consequences include, among other things:


•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our medicines, withdrawal of the product from the market,
     or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;


•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;


•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;


•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our medicines and drug candidates;
     and


•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications
and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA,
NMPA, EMA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted
that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in
the U.S. or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly evolving. If we are slow or
unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are
not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained and
we may not achieve or sustain profitability.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT            69
RISK FACTORS


In addition, if we obtain accelerated approval or conditional approval of any of our drug candidates, as we have
done with the accelerated approval of BRUKINSA in the U.S. and China and certain approvals of tislelizumab,
PARTRUVIX, XGEVA, BLINCYTO, KYPROLIS and QARZIBA in China, we will be required to conduct a confirmatory
study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also be required to conduct post-marketing safety studies. The
Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 (“FDORA”) granted the FDA the authority to require, as appropriate,
that a post-approval confirmatory study or studies be underway prior to granting accelerated approval or within a
specified time period after the date accelerated approval is granted. FDORA also gave the FDA increased authority
to withdraw approval of a drug granted accelerated approval on an expedited basis if the sponsor fails to conduct
such studies in a timely manner or such studies fail to verify clinical benefit. While operating under accelerated
approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions that we would not be subject to upon receiving regular approval.
For example, the FDA generally requires that all advertising and promotional materials be submitted to the FDA
for review prior to dissemination or publication for products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely
impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. However, the provisions for patent term extension are
unclear and/or remain subject to the approval of implementing regulations that are still in draft form or have not
yet been proposed, leading to uncertainty about their scope and implementation. Until the relevant implementing
regulations for patent term extension in the Amended PRC Patent Law are implemented, and until data exclusivity
is adopted and implemented, we may be subject to earlier generic or biosimilar competition in China than in the U.S.
and other jurisdictions with stronger regulatory data protection for pharmaceutical products.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our medicines and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.


Undesirable adverse events (“AEs”) caused by our medicines and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval, or could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of
our trials or patient experience following approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our
trials could be suspended or terminated and regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of,
or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.




70     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


As is typical in the development of pharmaceutical products, drug-related AEs and serious AEs (“SAEs”) have
been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these events have led to patient deaths. Drug-related AEs or SAEs
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial and could result in product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial condition and prospects
significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and our press releases and scientific and
medical presentations released from time to time, we disclose clinical results for our drug candidates, including
the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as of the date of the data cutoff used in such
report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless required by applicable law. Also, a number
of immune-related adverse events (“IRAEs”) have been associated with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors
such as tislelizumab, including immune-mediated pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis
and renal dysfunction, skin adverse reactions, and encephalitis. These IRAEs may be more common in certain
patient populations (potentially including elderly patients) and may be exacerbated when checkpoint inhibitors are
combined with other therapies.


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our medicines and drug candidates, or caused by our medicines
and drug candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative
consequences, including:


•    regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;


•    we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the medicine;


•    regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the medicine, or we may determine to do
     so even if not required;


•    regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;


•    we may be required to implement a REMS for the drug, as is the case with REVLIMID, or, if a REMS is already
     in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or to develop a similar strategy as required
     by a regulatory authority;


•    we may be required to conduct post-marketing studies; and


•    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.


Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            71
RISK FACTORS


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our medicines,
we may be unable to market such medicine or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages,
and our business could be materially harmed.


We plan to develop certain of our medicines and drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If a regulatory
authority revokes its approval of the other therapeutic that we use in combination with our medicines or drug
candidates, we will not be able to market our medicines or drug candidates in combination with such revoked
therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our
medicines and drug candidates in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be
required to redesign or terminate the applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result
in a supply shortage of any component of our combination medicines or drug candidates, we may not be able
to complete clinical development of our drug candidates on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience
disruptions in the commercialization of our approved medicines. For example, we have in-licensed drug candidates
from third parties to conduct clinical trials in combination with our drug candidates. We may rely on those third
parties to manufacture the in-licensed drug candidates and may not have control over their manufacturing process.
If these third parties encounter any manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays and are not able to supply
sufficient quantities of drug candidates, our drug combination study program may be delayed. For additional
information, please see the section of this annual report titled “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties –
We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could
be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at acceptable
quality levels or prices.”


Recently enacted and future legislation and regulations may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain
regulatory approval of and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and affect the prices we may
obtain.


In the U.S., China, Europe and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory
changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug
candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our medicines and any
drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. We expect that healthcare reform measures may result in
more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved
medicine.




72        BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts of the government,
insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce
costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for our product candidates, if
we obtain regulatory approval; our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our approved products; our ability
to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the
availability of capital.


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital


We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and expect to incur net losses in the future and may
not become profitable.


Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly capital-intensive and speculative. It entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or
become commercially viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a
result, we have incurred losses in most periods since our inception, other than periods when we were profitable
due to revenue recognized from up-front license fees from collaboration agreements or the settlement of legal
proceedings. As of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of US$8.0 billion. Substantially all of our
operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and
from selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.


We expect to continue to incur losses in the future, although we expect these losses to decrease in the near term
as product sales growth exceeds expense growth. We expect expenses to continue to increase as we continue
to expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and our manufacturing
facilities, commercialize our medicines and launch new medicines, if approved, maintain and expand regulatory
approvals, contribute up to US$1.25 billion to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen pipeline assets
under our collaboration agreement, and commercialize the medicines that we have in-licensed. In addition, we
will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. The size of our future net losses will
depend, in part, on the number and scope of our drug development programs and the associated costs of those
programs, the cost of our manufacturing activities, the cost of commercializing our approved products, our ability
to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones and other payments we make or receive with
arrangements with third parties. If we fail to achieve market acceptance for our medicines or if promising drug
candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance,
we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain
profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our
company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT             73
RISK FACTORS


We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


Our portfolio of drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and
availability of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can
provide us with product sales revenue. Additionally, we are investing in the manufacturing and commercialization
of our approved medicines. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our
operating activities used US$1.2 billion, US$1.5 billion and US$1.3 billion of net cash during the years ended
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from operating activities
in 2023, 2022 and 2021 primarily due to our net losses of US$0.9 billion, US$2.0 billion and US$1.5 billion,
respectively. Although we recorded positive net cash flows from operating activities in 2017, primarily due to the
upfront fees received from the BMS collaboration, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate positive
cash flows from operating activities in the future.


Our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by the negative net cash flows, and
we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our operations. If we resort to
other financing activities to generate additional cash, we will incur financing costs and we cannot guarantee that we
will be able to obtain the financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we raise financing by issuing further
equity securities your interest in our company may be diluted. If we have negative operating cash flows in the
future, our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.


Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of medicines in China licensed from BMS, and
since the fourth quarter of 2019, we have generated revenues from our internally developed medicines. These
revenues are not sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity requirements,
based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our existing
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments may not be sufficient to enable us to complete all global
development or launch all of our current medicines and drug candidates for the currently anticipated indications
and to invest in additional programs. Accordingly, we may require further funding through public or private offerings,
debt financing, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources.


With uncertainty in the capital markets, adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay,
reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain
additional funding when we need it could seriously harm our business.




74     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.


We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect your rights as a holder of our shares. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance
of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain
additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity,
limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that
could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of additional equity securities, or
the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. In the event that we enter
into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable
terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug
candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future
potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.


We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. Fluctuations in currencies may be affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic
conditions and the foreign exchange policies proposed or adopted by certain governments. We do not regularly
engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates between particular foreign
currencies and the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies in countries in which
we operate could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We cannot predict the impact of foreign
currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future may adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows.


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our
operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for
dividends or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative
effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT             75
RISK FACTORS


In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain approval from or registration with appropriate
government authorities or designated banks before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All
of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects, and could reduce the value of, and any dividends payable on, our shares in foreign currency terms.


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or
defaults by, our distributors and customers or by actual events or concerns involving the liquidity, default, or
non-performance of financial institutions, including the U.S. government, and an impairment in the carrying
value of our short-term investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.


We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase, as will the breadth of the entities to which
we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific distributors and customers
that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult
to detect or foresee.


Furthermore, actual events involving reduced liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments
that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about any such events, have in the past and may in the
future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, in March 2023, Silvergate Bank, La Jolla, California,
announced its decision to voluntarily liquidate its assets and wind down operations, Silicon Valley Bank, Santa
Clara, California (“SVB”), was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and
Signature Bank, New York, New York, was closed by the New York State Department of Financial Services, and,
in each case the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) was appointed as receiver. Since then, additional
financial institutions have experienced similar failures and have been placed into receivership. These events lead to
volatility and declines in the market for bank stock and questions regarding confidence in depository institutions.
There is no guarantee that the federal government will guarantee depositors in the event of a future bank closure.
Investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial
financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic
limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing
on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could
adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses or result in breaches of our financial or contractual
obligations which could have material adverse impact on our liquidity and our projected business operations,
financial condition and results of operations.




76     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


As a result of uncertain political, credit and financial market conditions, including the potential of the U.S.
government to default on the payment of its obligations for a period of time due to federal debt ceiling limitations or
other unresolved political issues, investments in financial instruments issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government
pose credit default and liquidity risks. A payment default or delay by the U.S. government, or continued uncertainty
surrounding the U.S. debt ceiling, could result in a variety of adverse effects for financial markets, market
participants and U.S. and global economic conditions. In addition, U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns
have increased the possibility a downgrade in the credit rating of the U.S. government and could result in economic
slowdowns or a recession in the U.S. No assurance can be made that losses or significant deterioration in the fair
value of our U.S. government issued or guaranteed investments will not occur. At December 31, 2023, we had
approximately US$1.1 billion invested in government money market funds, US$2.6 million invested directly in U.S.
Treasury securities, and US$42.9 million invested in time deposits. Downgrades to the U.S. credit rating could
affect the stability of securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government and the valuation or liquidity of our
portfolio of such investment securities.


The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent the
maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents of US$3.2 billion, restricted cash
of US$14.2 million and short-term investments of US$2.6 million as of December 31, 2023, most of which are
deposited in financial institutions outside of China. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds
from our offering on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “STAR Offering”) must be used in
strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus for the STAR Offering as well as our
proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board of directors. Although our cash and
cash equivalents in China are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions, the deposits placed with
these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of
one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full.


As of December 31, 2023, our short-term investments consisted of U.S. Treasury securities. Although we believe
that the U.S. Treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit worthiness of these
institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the U.S. market, could lead to significant liquidity
problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT         77
RISK FACTORS


Failure to meet ESG expectations or standards or achieve our ESG goals could adversely affect our business,
results of operations, financial condition or stock price.


There has been an increased focus from regulators and stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance
(“ESG”) matters, including greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks; human capital management;
diversity, equity, and inclusion; responsible sourcing and supply chain; human rights and social responsibility; and
corporate governance and oversight. Given our commitment to ESG as part of our long-term strategy, we actively
manage these issues and have established and publicly announced certain goals which we may refine in the future.
These goals reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them.
Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts and ability to manage these issues and accomplish our goals
present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which may be outside
of our control or could have a material adverse impact on our business, including on our stock price. Further, there
is uncertainty around the accounting standards and climate-related disclosures associated with emerging ESG laws
and reporting requirements and the related costs to comply with the emerging regulations. Our failure or perceived
failure to achieve our ESG goals or comply with ESG regulations could expose us to increased scrutiny from the
investment community and enforcement authorities. Our reputation also may be harmed by the perceptions that our
stakeholders have about our action or inaction on ESG-related issues.


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates through
intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights is not sufficiently broad, third
parties may compete against us.


Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our valuable innovations including medicines, drug
candidates and proprietary technologies by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights,
including patent rights. We seek to protect our innovations that we consider commercially important by filing patent
applications in the U.S., the PRC, Europe and other territories, or relying on trade secrets or regulatory exclusivities.




78     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


However, filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents/patent applications on our medicines or drug candidates in all
countries throughout the world could be prohibitively expensive. The patentability requirements across countries
vary and the laws of different countries do not provide patent protection to pharmaceutical inventions to the same
extent. Therefore, our patent applications may not be granted in all countries and the issued patents can have
various scope and strength throughout the world. In addition, different countries may provide varying regulatory
exclusivities to pharmaceutical drugs, and some countries provide no regulatory exclusivities. Consequently, we
may not be able to have the same protection or exclusivities to our medicines or drug candidates in all countries
throughout the world. Further, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review
of new drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug
candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us with sufficient
length of exclusivities to our medicines or drug candidates. The issued patents and pending patent applications, if
issued, for our medicines and drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as described in “Business –
Intellectual Property” of this annual report. Upon the expiration of our issued patents or patents that may be issued
from our pending patent applications, we may no longer have exclusivities on the corresponding medicines or drug
candidates.


Moreover, issued patents may be invalidated for a number of reasons, including known or unknown prior art,
deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty or inventive step of the underlying invention or
technology.


Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial
conditions, results of operations, and prospects.


We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive,
time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our medicines and drug candidates could be
found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before government patent authorities.


Third parties may infringe our patent rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.
Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights or to protect our trade
secrets. This can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers could
also provoke these parties to challenge the validity or enforceability of our patents.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT            79
RISK FACTORS


For example, when a generic drug company files an Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) with the FDA
seeking approval to market a generic version of any of our products before the expiration of Orange Book listed
patents (“OB Patents”) covering such products, this will most likely trigger ANDA litigation. The success of ANDA
litigation depends on the strength of the OB Patents and our ability to prove infringement. The outcome of ANDA
litigation is inherently uncertain and may result in potential loss of market exclusivity for our products which may
have a significant financial impact on product revenue.


Specifically, in patent litigation, defendants often challenge the validity and/or enforceability of the asserted patents,
and there are numerous potential grounds upon which a patent can be found invalid and/or unenforceable. The
validity of a patent can also be challenged before administrative bodies in the U.S. or abroad, even outside the
context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review,
derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings. Such proceedings
could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our
medicines or drug candidates. The outcome of such proceedings is inherently uncertain and may result in losing
the patent protection on our medicines or drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material
adverse impact on our business.


If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and
time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our medicines or drug
candidates.


We respect third parties’ valid intellectual property rights and diligently manage any freedom to operate risks
associated with our medicines and drug candidates. Nevertheless, we bear the risk that we may sometimes be
sued by third parties for patent infringement. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent
applications belonging to third parties that exist in fields of our medicines and drug candidates. There may also be
third-party patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which
we operate, additional patents are likely to be issued that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial
amount of litigation and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand
and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our medicines and drug candidates may give rise to claims of
infringement of the patent rights of others.


Third parties may assert that our products infringe their patents or other proprietary rights. For example, on June
13, 2023, Pharmacyclics LLC (“Pharmacyclics”) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Delaware against us and one of our subsidiaries, alleging that BRUKINSA infringes a Pharmacyclics’ patent issued
on June 13, 2023. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense
and divert our technical personnel, management personnel, or both from their normal responsibilities. Even in the
absence of litigation, we may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license
is available, it could impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.




80     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may be
subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one
or more of our medicines and drug candidates. In the event of a successful claim against us of infringement or
misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may have to pay substantial damages, including
treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement, pay royalties or redesign our infringing
medicines and drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and cost. In the event of an
adverse result in any such litigation, or even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third
parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our medicines or drug candidates, which could result
in substantial upfront and/or royalty payment.


Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our
medicines or drug candidates.


The laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to
obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There could be
changes in the laws of the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights or our other
intellectual property rights.


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may also be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged
trade secrets of their former employers or collaboration partners.


In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
medicines and drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            81
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these
employees, including members of our senior management, executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and in some
cases non-competition agreements in connection with their previous employment. Our employees may also have
access to trade secrets of our collaboration partners. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the
proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these
employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information,
of any such employee’s former employer. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary
damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending
against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business
could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at
acceptable quality levels or prices.


Although we manufacture commercial supply of tislelizumab, zanubrutinib, and pamiparib at our manufacturing
facilities in China, and are progressing towards the completion of our commercial-stage biologics manufacturing
and clinical R&D center in New Jersey and a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China,
we continue to rely on outside vendors to manufacture supplies and process some of our medicines and drug
candidates. For example, we have entered into a commercial supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer
Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) and entered into a commercial supply
agreement for BRUKINSA with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”). In addition, we generally rely on our
collaboration partners and their third-party manufacturers for supply of in-licensed medicines in China. We have
limited experience in manufacturing or processing our medicines and drug candidates on a commercial scale.
Additionally, we have limited experience in managing the manufacturing process, and our process may be more
difficult or expensive than the approaches currently in use.


Although we intend to use our own manufacturing facilities, we also intend to use third parties as part of our
manufacturing process and for the clinical and commercial supply of our medicines and drug candidates. Our
anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:


•    we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
     manufacturers is limited and regulatory authorities must evaluate and/or approve any manufacturers as part
     of their regulatory oversight of our medicines and drug candidates. This evaluation would require new testing
     and GMP-compliance inspections by regulatory authorities;




82     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                            RISK FACTORS


•   our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our medicines and drug candidates,
    and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement and maintain the
    infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates;


•   our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our medicines and drug candidates or
    produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. This may, in the
    future, require us to transfer manufacturing technology to a different manufacturer or use a different process,
    each of which would be both time consuming and costly and potentially require us to conduct comparative
    studies to determine bioequivalence of the new and prior manufacturers’ products or the new and old
    processes;


•   manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state
    agencies in the U.S. to ensure strict compliance with GMP requirements and other government regulations
    and by other comparable regulatory authorities for corresponding non-U.S. requirements. Manufacturers may
    be unable to comply with these GMPs which may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production,
    suspension, delay or withdrawal of product approval, or product seizure or recall. We do not have control over
    third-party manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and requirements;


•   we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to some of the technology used and
    improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our medicines and
    drug candidates;


•   raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
    other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
    component defects;


•   our contract manufacturers and drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their business,
    including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier
    systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or
    pandemics; and


•   manufacturing partners may require us to fund capital improvements to support scale-up of manufacturing
    and related activities to the extent our drug candidates or medicines become approved for commercial sale.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT            83
RISK FACTORS


For example, in March 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China
previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S..


Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development of our drug candidates or commercialization of
our medicines. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our medicines and
drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable,
patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our
company until deficiencies are remedied.


Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business.


Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our medicines and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of
our medicines and drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience
manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political
environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with
their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our medicines for commercial sale and our drug candidates to
patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could
delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and,
depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical
trials completely.




84     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
arrangements.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration agreements and may enter into additional collaboration, licensing
arrangements, or strategic alliances with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research,
development and commercialization efforts. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and
other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders,
or disrupt our management and business.


In 2017, we acquired Celgene’s commercial operations in China and an exclusive license to Celgene’s (now
BMS’s) commercial cancer portfolio in China, REVLIMID, VIDAZA and ABRAXANE. In 2020, the NMPA suspended
the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was
subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing
facility in the U.S..


In 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its commercial-stage oncology
products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS and a portfolio of clinical – and late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline
products. In 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis Pharma AG (“Novartis”),
granting Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab in North
America, Japan, the EU, and six other European countries, but that agreement was terminated in September
2023, pursuant to a mutual termination and release agreement, whereby we regained full, global rights to develop,
manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab. In December 2021, we entered into an option, collaboration and
license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor,
ociperlimab, in North America, Europe, and Japan, but that agreement was terminated in July 2023, pursuant to
a mutual termination and release agreement, whereby we regained full, global rights to develop, manufacture and
commercialize ociperlimab.


Our strategic collaborations involve numerous risks. We cannot be certain that we will achieve the financial and
other benefits that led us to enter into the collaborations. Moreover, we may not achieve the revenue and cost
synergies expected from our collaborations, and our management’s attention may be diverted from our drug
discovery and development business. These synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant
business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and
are beyond our control. If we achieve the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated
time frame. Lastly, strategic collaborations can be terminated for various reasons. For example, our strategic
collaboration with Celgene for the development and commercialization of tislelizumab, which we entered into in
connection with the license agreement in 2017, was terminated in 2019 in advance of the acquisition of Celgene by
BMS.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           85
RISK FACTORS


We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-
consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic collaboration
for our medicines and drug candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development
for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our medicines and drug candidates as having the requisite
potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or commercial viability. If and when we collaborate with a third party
for development and commercialization of a medicine or drug candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all
of the control over the future success of that medicine or drug candidate to the third party. For any medicines or
drug candidates that we may seek to in-license from third parties, we may face significant competition from other
pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies with greater resources or capabilities than us, and any agreement that
we do enter may not result in the anticipated benefits.


Collaborations involving our medicines and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the
following:


•    collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
     collaboration;


•    collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates and medicines or
     may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
     changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other
     external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;


•    collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
     abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
     candidate for clinical testing;


•    collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
     indirectly with our medicines or drug candidates;


•    a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more medicines may not commit sufficient
     resources to their marketing and distribution or may set prices that reduce the profitability of the medicines;




86     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


•    collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
     property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
     jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;


•    disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
     development or commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or
     arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; and


•    collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our medicines and drug candidates that
     results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to
     commercialize such intellectual property.


As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, licensing arrangements or
strategic alliances for our medicines and drug candidates if we are unable to successfully integrate such products
with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect
our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will be able to fulfill
all of our contractual obligations in a timely manner or achieve the revenue, specific net income or other goals
that justify such transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis,
on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or delay its
development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or
reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or
commercialization activities at our own expense.


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
adversely affected.


We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our approved medicines. For example, we rely on sole third-party
distributors to distribute some of our in-licensed approved medicines in China and multiple third-party distributors
for the distribution of our internally developed medicines. We also expect to rely on third-party distributors to
distribute our other internally developed and in-licensed medicines, if approved. Our ability to maintain and grow
our business will depend on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery
of our medicines. However, we have relatively limited control over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our
medicines in the manner we contemplate. If price controls or other factors substantially reduce the margins our
distributors can obtain through the resale of our medicines to hospitals, medical institutions and sub-distributors,
they may terminate their relationship with us. While we believe alternative distributors are readily available, there is
a risk that, if the distribution of our medicines is interrupted, our sales volumes and business prospects could be
adversely affected.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT                87
RISK FACTORS


If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results could be
adversely affected.


Before a third party can begin commercial manufacture of our medicines, they are subject to regulatory inspections
of their manufacturing facilities, processes and quality systems. Due to the complexity of the processes used to
manufacture drug and biological products, any potential third-party manufacturer may be unable to initially pass
regulatory inspections in a timely or cost-effective manner in order for us to obtain regulatory approval. If contract
manufacturers do not pass their inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities, our commercial supply of drug
product or substance will be significantly delayed and may result in significant additional costs, including the delay
or denial of any marketing application for our drug candidates or disruption in sales. In addition, drug and biological
manufacturing facilities are continuously subject to inspection by regulatory authorities, before and after drug
approval, and must comply with GMPs. Our or our collaborators’ contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties
in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel. In addition,
contract manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in accordance with applicable
regulatory requirements, or the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury, product liability
claims, product shortages, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost
overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. For certain commercial prescription drug and
biologic products, manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain must also meet chain of distribution
requirements and build electronic, interoperable systems for product tracking and tracing and for notifying the FDA
of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or other products that are otherwise unfit for
distribution in the U.S. If a third-party manufacturer with whom we or our collaborators contract is unable to comply
with manufacturing regulations, we may also be subject to fines, unanticipated compliance expenses, recall or
seizure of our drugs, product liability claims, total or partial suspension of production and/or enforcement actions,
including injunctions, and criminal or civil prosecution. These possible sanctions could materially adversely affect
our financial results. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in
China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was
based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S..




88     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


We have a collaboration agreement with Amgen pursuant to which we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate
on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China, and the
global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen’s clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
pipeline products. Amgen has paused or stopped development of some of the pipeline assets due to portfolio
prioritization, and the parties expect that the development plan for the pipeline assets will continue to evolve over
time. In connection with our ongoing assessment of the collaboration agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of LUMAKRAS (sotorasib) (“AMG 510”), a first-in-class
KRAS G12C inhibitor, was no longer commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into
an amendment to the collaboration agreement to (i) stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of
AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to
prepare a transition plan with the termination of AMG 510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Additionally,
for the period between 2020 and 2022, we were advised by Amgen that its applications to the Human Genetic
Resources Administration of China (“HGRAC”) to obtain approval to conduct clinical studies in China for the
pipeline assets were delayed. Approval from the HGRAC is required for the initiation of clinical trials involving the
collection of human genetic materials in China. We do not expect the previous HGRAC delay to affect the conduct
of the clinical trials in China for our drug candidates, other than assets that are part of the Amgen collaboration. The
Amgen collaboration involves numerous risks, including unanticipated costs and diversion of our management’s
attention from our other drug discovery and development business. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s oncology products in China, which could disrupt our business
and harm our financial results.


We may rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and our business could be
substantially harmed.


We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely to some extent upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage
data and provide other services for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We may rely on these parties
for execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the
applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does
not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators
are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by regulatory authorities for all
of our drug candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with
applicable GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed
unreliable and regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our
marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with drug product produced under
GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would
delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigations and enforcement
actions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            89
RISK FACTORS


If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.


Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


At the beginning of 2023, we had approximately 9,000 employees, and we ended the year with close to 10,500
employees, an increase of over 10%. As of the date of this annual report, we had over 10,600 employees.
As our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must
add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, drug development, clinical, regulatory affairs,
manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel in the U.S., China, Europe and other regions. Our
recent growth and any anticipated future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of
management, including: identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;
managing the growth in our research, clinical operations, commercial, and supporting functions; and improving
our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Our management may
also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a
substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.




90     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.


If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully implement
the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and,
accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.


Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory board, and director; John V. Oyler,
our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors; Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., our President,
Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China; Julia Wang, our Chief Financial Officer; and the other
principal members of our management and scientific teams play a critical role in the Company’s operation and
development. Although we have employment agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers, these
agreements do not prevent our executives from terminating their employment with us at any time. We do not
maintain “key person” insurance for any of our executives or other employees.


Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash
incentives, we have provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest over time or
based on performance conditions. The value to employees of these equity grants that may be significantly affected
by movements in our share price that are beyond our control and may be insufficient to counteract more lucrative
offers from other companies.


In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating
and executing our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization strategy. The loss of
the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede the achievement of
our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to
successfully implement our business strategy.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT             91
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, replacing executives, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.


We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.


Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the collection
and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be stringent and many are subject to change
and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business practices,
significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.


Regulatory authorities around the world have implemented industry-specific laws and regulations that affect the
collection and transfer of personal data. For example, in China, the Regulation on the Administration of Human
Genetic Resources (“HGR” and, such regulation, the “HGR Regulation”) applies to activities that involve sampling,
biobanking, use of HGR materials and associated data, in China, and provision of such materials to non-PRC
parties. The HGR Regulation prohibits both onshore or offshore entities established or actually controlled by non-
PRC entities and individuals from sampling or biobanking any China HGR in China and require approval for the
sampling of certain HGR and biobanking of all HGR by Chinese parties. Approval for any export or cross-border
transfer of HGR material is required, and transfer of China HGR data by Chinese parties to non-PRC parties or
entities established or actually controlled by them also requires the Chinese parties to file, before the transfer, a
copy of the data to the HGR administration for record. The HGR Regulation also requires that non-PRC parties
ensure the full participation of Chinese parties in international collaborations and all records and data must be
shared with the Chinese parties. The Implementing Rules for the HGR Regulation and additional issued guidance
has clarified many areas of the HGR Regulation. For information about applications under the HGR Regulation for
clinical studies in China that may affect the Amgen collaboration, see the risk factor titled “If we are not able to
successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected benefits of the collaboration
will not materialize.”




92         BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Additionally, the Cyberspace Administration of China (“CAC”) released the final Measures of Cross-Border Data
Transfer Security Assessment, effective as of September 2022, under which any transfer of certain “important data”
out of China triggers a security assessment to be conducted by the Chinese government. The term “important data”
is a broadly defined term under the Cybersecurity Law and Data Security Law, and further clarifications need to be
put in place by the Chinese government. However, under the latest draft Important Data Identification Rules, HGR
data is classified as “important data,” and if the guidance is finalized as is, it can be expected that this new cross-
border data transfer rule may create considerable additional regulatory burdens on international companies’ human
gene-involved R&D activities in China.


If the Chinese parties fail to comply with data protection laws, regulations and practice standards, and our research
data is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could result in a loss
of our confidential information and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. It is possible that
these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our or our collaborators’ practices,
potentially resulting in suspension of relevant ongoing clinical trials or the initiation of new trials, confiscation
of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines, disgorgement of illegal gains, or temporary or
permanent debarment of our or our collaborators’ entities and responsible persons from further HGR projects
and, consequently, a de-facto ban from initiating new clinical trials in China. So far, the HGR administration has
disclosed a number of HGR violation cases.


To further enhance the administration of China HGR, in 2021, the Chinese government adopted amendments to
the Criminal Code, which criminalize the illegal collection of China HGR, the illegal transfer of China HGR materials
outside of China, and the transfer of China HGR data to non-PRC parties or entities established or actually
controlled by them without going through security review and assessment. Also in 2021, the PRC Biosecurity
Law became effective, giving the Ministry of Science and Technology, China’s major regulatory authority of HGR,
significantly more power and discretion to regulate HGR and it is expected that the overall regulatory landscape for
Chinese HGR will continue to evolve and become even more rigorous. In addition, the interpretation and application
of data protection laws in China are often uncertain and in flux.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            93
RISK FACTORS


We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public
going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to
significant penalties, including fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays in
completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or
interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


We currently have manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Guangzhou, and Suzhou, China. We are also constructing a
commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey, U.S., and a new small molecule
manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China. These facilities may encounter unanticipated delays and expenses due
to a number of factors, including regulatory requirements. If construction or expansion, regulatory evaluation and/
or approval of our facilities are delayed, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our medicines
and drug candidates, which would limit our development and commercialization activities and our opportunities for
growth. Cost overruns associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional
funds from other sources. For example, we may not be able to complete the construction and validation of and
obtain regulatory approval for the new manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey, the new manufacturing
campus in Suzhou and manufacturing facility expansion in Guangzhou in a timely or economic manner.


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” our
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection in connection with clinical development and new drug approvals
and ongoing, periodic inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure
compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements. Historically, some manufacturing facilities in China have
had difficulty meeting the FDA’s, NMPA’s or EMA’s standards. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to
such GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products
for clinical or commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent
filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our medicines. We
also may encounter problems with achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or
other comparable regulatory agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield
and costs, as well as shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors.




94     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of
approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or medicines, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.


To supply commercial quantities for our marketed products, produce our medicines in the quantities that we
believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand, and to supply clinical drug material to support the
continued growth of our clinical programs, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by
a significant factor over the initial level of production, which will require substantial additional expenditures and
various regulatory approvals and permits. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our medicines
in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand. Furthermore, developing advanced manufacturing techniques and
process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities. Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our
facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.


If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly
or inexpensively restore our manufacturing capacity or restore it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted
loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any medicines manufactured at that facility. Any interruption in manufacturing
operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or
commercialization. Any disruption that impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates or medicines in a
timely manner could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property, plant and equipment in amounts
we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to
reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug
candidates and medicines if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities
or processes.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT             95
RISK FACTORS


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal
controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these
requirements.


As a public company listed in the U.S., Hong Kong and Shanghai, we are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the listing rules of the NASDAQ Global
Select Market (“NASDAQ”), The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) and the STAR Market of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with
applicable requirements. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain
corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to
these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
make some activities more time-consuming and costly.


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we
must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and
expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the market price of our shares
could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, HKEx, China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”),
SSE or other applicable regulatory authorities, and our business could be harmed.


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.


From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic collaborations, including licensing or
acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-
process or potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including:


•    increased operating expenses and cash requirements;


•    the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;


•    the issuance of our equity securities;


•    assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
     associated with integrating new personnel;




96     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


•    the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
     such a strategic merger or acquisition;


•    retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
     relationships;


•    risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
     party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals, including applicable antitrust and
     trade regulation laws in the relevant U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we or the operations or assets we
     seek to acquire carry on business; and


•    our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
     undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.


In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or strategic collaborations, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or
incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant
future amortization expense. For example, in connection with our transaction with Amgen, we issued to Amgen
a total of 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs in 2020, representing 20.5% of the then issued share
capital of the Company after giving effect to the share issuance, which resulted in Amgen becoming our largest
shareholder and the ownership of our existing shareholders being diluted.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), have established additional
procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time
consuming and complex. For example, the M&A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the
“MOFCOM”) be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control
of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that
have or may have impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control
of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, under the Anti-
Monopoly Law of the PRC and the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings
issued by the State Council, a transaction by way of merger, acquisition or contractual arrangement that allow one
market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player requires advanced notice
to the State Administration for Market Regulation (the “SAMR”) when such threshold is crossed and shall not be
implemented without the clearance of prior notification. In addition, the Measures for Security Review of Foreign
Investment and the Regulations on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of
Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors (the “Security Review Rules”) specify that mergers and acquisitions by
foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which
foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns
are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by
structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.
Furthermore, according to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if a Chinese overseas listed company issues
overseas listed securities to acquire assets, such issuance would be subject to filing requirements with the CSRC.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT            97
RISK FACTORS


We may also be subject to similar review and regulations in other jurisdictions, such as the laws and regulations on
foreign investment in the U.S. under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
(“CFIUS”) and other agencies, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act.


In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
consuming, and any required approval or filing processes, including obtaining approval from or filing with
CFIUS, the SAMR, the MOFCOM, the CSRC or other agencies may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such
transactions. It is unclear whether those complementary businesses we may acquire in the future would be deemed
to be in an industry that raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns.


Furthermore, CFIUS, SAMR, MOFCOM, CSRC or other government agencies may make further determinations
that increase the scrutiny of our future acquisitions in the U.S. or the PRC or prohibits such acquisitions. Our ability
to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be
materially and adversely affected.


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits us from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also
subject to the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. The anti-bribery laws in
China generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. As our business has
expanded, the applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.


We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of U.S., PRC or other countries’ anti-corruption and related laws. Although we have policies
and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply with anti-bribery laws, there is
no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees and intermediaries from engaging
in bribery activities. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with
applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil
penalties, including but not limited to imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, suspension of our ability to do business
with the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from participation in
government healthcare programs, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business.




98     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If we or our CROs or contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) fail to comply with environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on our business.


We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and waste. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into operation
after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the
risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use
of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and such liability could exceed our
insurance coverage. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.


In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development,
manufacturing or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in
substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.


Our information technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer
security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization
efforts.


Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our contractors
and collaborators, are vulnerable to damage from internal or external events, such as computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures, which can
compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems. Although to our knowledge we have not
experienced any material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause
interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our research, development, manufacturing,
regulatory and commercialization efforts and our business operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           99
RISK FACTORS


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, banking information of
our vendors, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications
and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced vendors. Because information systems, networks and other
technologies are critical to many of our operating activities, shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or
vendors that provide information systems, networks, or other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions
may be caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing attacks, ransomware, dissemination of computer
viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity,
as well as power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events.
Such events could cause loss of data, damage to systems and data and leave us unable to utilize key business
systems or access important data needed to operate our business. Our contractors and collaborators have faced,
and in the future may face, similar risks, and service disruptions or security breaches of their systems could
adversely affect our security, leave us without access to important systems, products, raw materials, components,
services or information or expose our confidential data. In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or
inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant events
could result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of revenues. In addition, we may
not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any losses associated with such events.


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/
or systems. Like other companies, we and our third-party vendors have on occasion experienced, and will continue
to experience, threats to our or their data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, email
compromise attacks, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks. For example, one of our third-party vendors experienced
a business email compromise which resulted in us sending payment to a fraudulent bank account. Funds were
successfully recovered in this case, but it is possible that to the extent a similar future event occurs, funds will not
be recoverable. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach
of our information technology systems or those of our vendors occurs, we could be required to expend significant
amounts of money and other resources to respond to these threats or breaches and to repair or replace information
systems or networks and could suffer financial loss or the loss of valuable confidential information.




100    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private
litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and
regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices.
Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we
have processes to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and
processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome
security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these
events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. It is possible that the risk of cyber-attacks or other privacy or data
security incidents may be heightened as a result of our remote working environment, which may be less secure
and more susceptible to hacking attacks. As we outsource more of our information systems to vendors, engage
in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely more on cloud-based information systems, the
related security risks will increase and we will need to expend additional resources to protect our technology and
information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that our internal information technology systems or
those of our contractors and collaborators, as well as our and their efforts to implement adequate security and
control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against breakdowns, service disruptions, data deterioration or loss
in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a cyberattack,
security breach, ransomware, industrial espionage attack or insider threat attack that could adversely affect
our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential or
otherwise sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us.


The increasing use of artificial intelligence-based software (including machine learning) and social media
platforms may result in reputation harm or liability or could otherwise adversely affect our business.


The use of artificial intelligence-based software is increasingly being used in the biopharmaceutical and global
healthcare industries. As with many developing technologies, artificial intelligence-based software presents risks
and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. For
example, algorithms may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information;
and inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results.
If the analyses that artificial intelligence applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be
subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of artificial
intelligence-based software may lead to the inadvertent release of confidential information which may impact our
ability to realize the benefit of our intellectual property.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          101
RISK FACTORS


Relatedly, social media platforms are increasingly being used to communicate about our products and the diseases
our medicines and drug candidates are designed to treat. Social media practices in the biopharmaceutical industry
continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear and create uncertainty and risk of
noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business. For example, patients may use social media channels
to comment on the effectiveness of a product or to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur,
there is a risk that we may fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations. There is
also a risk of negative or inaccurate posts about us on social media, including criticism regarding our medicines or
drug candidates. The immediacy of social media precludes us from having real-time control over postings made
regarding our company, medicines or drug candidates. Our reputation could be damaged by negative publicity
posted on social media platforms which we may not be able to timely reverse. If any of these events were to occur
or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face restrictive regulatory actions
or incur other harm to our business.


Our failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions
and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.


In the U.S., Europe, China, and many other jurisdictions where we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations
that address privacy, personal information protection, use of artificial intelligence-based software and data
security. Numerous laws and regulations, including, without limitation, privacy laws (such as the European Union’s
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or similar laws), security breach notification laws (such as Australia’s
amendment to the Privacy Act), health information privacy laws (such as the United States’ Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) and the Human Genetic Resources Administration of China’s rules),
and consumer protection laws (such as the United States’ Federal Trade Commission’s unfair or deceptive
practices rules or California’s Consumer Privacy Act and California’s Privacy Rights Act), govern the collection,
use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. A subset of these laws also have
strict requirements governing the cross-border transmission of personal information (see the risk factor titled –
“Compliance with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”), Cybersecurity
Review Measures, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PIPL”), regulations
and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other future laws and regulations
may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business. ”).


The legal and regulatory landscape around data privacy is rapidly changing with countries, states and other
localities passing new laws and regulations every year. Tracking and complying with these laws and regulations
requires significant time and expenses and could materially affect our business. By way of example and without
limitation, these laws may require updating of contracts, informed consent forms, clinical trial protocols and privacy
notices; changes to company procedures; limiting what personal information we collect, who has access to it
and how/where we use it; performing internal assessments; changes to the security and hosting solution of our
systems; specific reporting and remediation efforts in the event of a data breach; and even opening our business up
for external assessments by government bodies.




102    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Given the variability and evolving state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new
requirements, and we may face challenges in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in their
interpretation. Additionally, we may experience a reportable data breach (see the risk factor titled “Our information
technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer security breaches, which
could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization efforts ”). Any failure or
perceived failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to significant administrative,
civil or criminal fines or other penalties and negatively impact our reputation. For severe violations, in some
countries these laws even allow courts and government agencies to delay or halt transfer of personal information,
require deletion of personal information, or even order we stop collection, use or other processing of personal
information in that country. All of these could materially harm our business, prospects, and financial condition or
even disrupt our operations.


These laws apply not just to us, but also to those vendors working on our behalf, as well as our business partners.
Any actual or perceived failure of them to comply with these laws and regulations could impact the services they
provide to us, our collaborations with them and our reputation; additionally, there is a risk of liability flowing to us
under certain contractual and/or legal conditions.


Compliance with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”),
Cybersecurity Review Measures, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PIPL”), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other
future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business.


China has implemented extensive data protection, privacy and information security rules and is considering a
number of additional proposals relating to these subject areas. We face significant uncertainties and risks related to
these laws, regulations and policies, some of which were only recently enacted, and the interpretation of these legal
requirements by government regulators as applied to biotechnology companies like us. For example, we do not
maintain, nor do we intend to maintain in the future, personally identifiable health information of patients in China.
We do, however, collect and maintain de-identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical trials in compliance
with local regulations. This data could be deemed “personal data” or “important data” by government regulators.
With China’s growing emphasis of its sovereignty over data derived from China, the outbound transmission of de-
identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical trials may be subject to the new national security legal regime,
including the Data Security Law, the Cyber Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Cyber Security
Law”), the PIPL, and various implementing regulations and standards.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          103
RISK FACTORS


China’s Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted based on “data
classification and hierarchical protection system” for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities in China
from transferring data stored in China to foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior
approval by the relevant PRC authority. The classification of data is based on its importance in economic and social
development, as well as the degree of harm expected to be caused to national security, public interests, or the
legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations if such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, or
illegally acquired or used.


The Cyber Security Law requires companies to take certain measures to ensure the security of their networks and
data stored on their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides that companies adopt an MLPS, under
which network operators are required to perform obligations of security protection to ensure that the network is
free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being disclosed, stolen or
tampered. The CAC released draft amendments to the Cyber Security Law in September 2022, which propose to
impose more stringent legal liabilities for violations. Under the MLPS, entities operating information systems must
have a thorough assessment of the risks and the conditions of their information and network systems to determine
the level to which the entity’s information and network systems belong, from the lowest Level 1 to the highest
Level 5 pursuant to a series of national standards on the grading and implementation of the classified protection of
cybersecurity. The grading result will determine the set of security protection obligations that entities must comply
with and when relevant government authority examination and approval is required.


Under the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law, we are required to establish and maintain a comprehensive
data and network security management system that will enable us to monitor and respond appropriately to data
security and network security risks. We are obligated to notify affected individuals and appropriate Chinese
regulators of and respond to any data security and network security incidents. Establishing and maintaining such
systems takes substantial time, effort and cost, and we may not be able to establish and maintain such systems
as fully as needed to ensure compliance with our legal obligations. Despite our investment, such systems may not
adequately protect us or enable us to appropriately respond to or mitigate all data security and network security
risks or incidents we may face.




104    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, under the Data Security Law, data categorized as “important data,” which will be determined by
governmental authorities in the form of catalogs, is to be processed and handled with a higher level of protection.
The notion of important data is not clearly defined by the Cyber Security Law or the Data Security Law. In order to
comply with the statutory requirements, we will need to determine whether we possess important data, monitor
the important data catalogs that are expected to be published by local governments and departments, perform
risk assessments and ensure we are complying with reporting obligations to applicable regulators. We may also be
required to disclose to regulators business sensitive or network security-sensitive details regarding our processing
of important data and may need to pass the government security review or obtain government approval in order to
share important data with offshore recipients, which can include foreign licensors, or share data stored in mainland
China with judicial and law enforcement authorities outside of mainland China. If judicial and law enforcement
authorities outside mainland China require us to provide data stored in mainland China, and we are not able to pass
any required government security review or obtain any required government approval to do so, we may not be able
to meet the non-PRC authorities’ requirements and may be unable to share information outside of China which
may disrupt the operation of our business. The potential conflicts in legal obligations could have adverse impacts
on our operations in and outside of mainland China. PRC regulatory authorities have also enhanced the supervision
and regulation of cross-border data transmission. The Data Security Law prohibits entities and individuals in China
from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval
from competent PRC authority and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation
of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fines, suspension of relevant business,
and revocation of business permits or licenses. Moreover, the CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security
Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission, which became effective as of September 1, 2022. According to
these measures, personal data processors are subject to security assessment prior to any cross-border transfer
of data if the transfer involves (i) important data; (ii) personal information transferred overseas by operators of
critical information infrastructure or a data processor that has processed personal data of more than one million
persons; (iii) personal information transferred overseas by a data processor who has already provided personal
data of 100,000 persons or sensitive personal data of 10,000 persons overseas since January 1 of last year; or
(iv) other circumstances as requested by the CAC. Though these measures have already taken effect, substantial
uncertainties still exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of these measures in practice and how
they will affect our business operation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          105
RISK FACTORS


The CAC has taken action against several Chinese internet companies listed on U.S. securities exchanges for
alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information of Chinese data subjects.
According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law of the People’s
Republic of China (the “National Security Law”), the Cyber Security Law and the Cybersecurity Review Measures.
Effective February 15, 2022, the CAC, together with 12 other PRC governmental authorities, promulgated the
Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, pursuant to which critical information infrastructure operators procuring
network products and services and online platform operators carrying out data processing activities, which affect or
may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review. In addition, online platform operators possessing
personal information of more than one million users seeking to be listed on foreign stock markets must apply for
a cybersecurity review. The relevant competent governmental authorities may also initiate a cybersecurity review
against the relevant operators if the authorities believe that the network product or service or data processing
activities of such operators affect or may affect national security. There are still uncertainties as to the exact scope
of network product or service or data processing activities that will or may affect national security, and the PRC
government authorities may have discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these measures.


Additionally, the CAC published the draft Administrative Regulations on Cyber Data Security (“Draft Cyber Data
Security Regulations”), pursuant to which data processors shall apply for cybersecurity review if they engage in (i)
merger, reorganization or division of internet platform operators with significant data resources related to national
security, economic development or public interests that affects or may affect national security; (ii) overseas listing
while processing over one million users’ personal information; (iii) Hong Kong listing that affects or may affect
national security; or (iv) other data processing activities that affect or may affect national security. The Draft Cyber
Data Security Regulations further require data processors processing important data or going public overseas to
conduct annual data security self-assessment and submit an assessment report to the CAC before January 31 each
year. As the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations were released only for public comment, the final version and the
effective date thereof may be subject to change with substantial uncertainty.




106    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


There remain uncertainties as to how widespread the cybersecurity review requirement and the enforcement action
will be and what effect they will have on the life sciences sector generally and the Company in particular. China’s
regulators may impose penalties for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of operations, and the
imposition of any such penalties on our business could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, prospects and the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares,
and could lead to our delisting from NASDAQ. As of the date of this report, we have not received any notice from
any Chinese regulatory authority identifying us as a “critical information infrastructure operator,” “online platform
operator” or “data processor,” or requiring us to go through the cybersecurity review procedures pursuant to the
Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures and the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations. However, there remains
uncertainty as to how the regulations if enacted as currently proposed, will be interpreted or implemented and
whether the Chinese regulatory authorities will adopt additional regulations. We intend to closely monitor the
evolving laws and regulations in this area and take all reasonable measures to mitigate compliance risks, we cannot
guarantee that our business and operations will not be adversely affected by the potential impact of the Revised
Cybersecurity Review Measures, the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations or other laws and regulations related to
privacy, data protection and information security.


Additionally, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of the PRC promulgated the PIPL, which
expands data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by
organizations and individuals in China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of
China if such processing is for purposes of providing products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the
behavior of, persons in China. The PIPL also provides that critical information infrastructure operators and personal
information processing entities that process personal information meeting a volume threshold are also required
to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment for any
export of such personal information. Lastly, the PIPL contains proposals for significant fines for serious violations of
up to RMB50 million, or 5% of annual revenues from the prior year, and penalties, including that companies found
to have violated the PIPL may be ordered to suspend any related activity.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          107
RISK FACTORS


Interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and
their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation or changes in
enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and the PIPL could significantly
increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or even
prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we
may operate in the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations
relating to privacy, data protection and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform
could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related
implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with such law or regulation, or any compromise of
security that results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the
perception or allegation that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our
reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines,
suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private claims or litigation, any of which could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our practices are not
subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created
by the Data Security Law and the actions taken by the Chinese government could materially adversely affect our
ability, on favorable terms, to raise capital in the U.S. and other markets in the future.


If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, manufacture, sale
and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.


We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, manufacture,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, manufacture, promote, sell and distribute our products
may be subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses
and certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or parties on whom we rely to obtain
any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business, there can
be no assurance that we or parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.




108    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by government shutdowns, public health
crises, natural catastrophes, or other business interruptions outside of our control.


Our global operations and those of our third-party contractors and collaborators expose us to natural or man-
made disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, explosions, public health crises, such as epidemics
or pandemics, terrorist activity, wars, or other business interruptions outside of our control. Furthermore, we do
not maintain any insurance other than property insurance for some of our buildings, vehicles and equipment.
Accordingly, unexpected business interruptions resulting from disasters could disrupt our operations and thereby
result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. For example, our Guangzhou manufacturing facility was hit
by a typhoon in 2019 and although the typhoon did not cause material damage to the facility, the boundary area
and the adjacent land were flooded, causing a power outage for a few days. Afterwards, we fortified the facility to
help prevent future interruptions. A significant disruption at our manufacturing facilities, even on a short-term basis,
could impair our ability to timely produce products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial position and results of operations.


Our production process requires a continuous supply of electricity. We have encountered power shortages
historically in China due to restricted power supply to industrial users during summers when the usage of electricity
is high and supply is limited or as a result of damage to the electricity supply network. Because the duration of
those power shortages was brief, they had no material impact on our operations. Longer interruptions of electricity
supply could result in lengthy production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and
the loss of production in progress. Any major suspension or termination of electricity or other unexpected business
interruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We also rely in part on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our medicines and drug candidates.
Our ability to obtain supplies of our medicines and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these
suppliers are affected by man-made or natural disasters, public health crises or other business interruptions which
could cause us to delay or cease development or commercialization of some or all of our medicines and drug
candidates. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research
and development of our drug candidates, and they may be affected by such business interruptions, government
shutdowns or withdrawn funding. For example, the ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be
affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy
changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government
funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund
research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable.
Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be
reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. If a
prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and
process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future
government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order
to properly capitalize and continue our operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          109
RISK FACTORS


In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our business and our financial performance, and future
global pandemics or other public health crises could have similar negative impacts, including delays or other
disruptions to required regulatory inspections of our development activities, regulatory filings, manufacturing
operations, or clinical trial recruitment and progress. Additionally, the commercial or clinical supply of our medicines
and drug candidates could be negatively impacted due to reduced operations or a shutdown of our or our third-
party manufacturing facilities, distribution channels and transportation systems, or shortages of raw materials and
drug product. Additionally, as seen in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, public health crises may result
in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of a virus, including quarantines,
travel restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns. These measures may negatively affect our business
by inducing absenteeism or employee turnover, disrupting our operations, increasing the risk of a cybersecurity
incident, or other business disruptions outside of our control.


Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks, included related environmental regulation, could
have a material adverse impact on our business operations, clients and customers.


The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to assess and predict. Our business and the activities of our
clients and customers could be impacted by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk
either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy,
including related environmental regulation of companies with respect to risks posed by climate change.


The physical impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and
severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to
health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other
adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities
and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the
operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. Furthermore, related environmental regulation
as a response to climate change could result in additional costs in the form of taxes and investments of capital to
maintain complacent with such laws. We bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or
destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may
be attributable to climate change and could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position or
results of operation.




110    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.


We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our medicines in the U.S., China,
Europe and other markets, and for the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug candidates
globally. For example, we may be sued if our medicines or drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause
injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn
of dangers inherent in the medicine, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be
asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain
indemnification from our collaborators for product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:
decreased demand for our medicines; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability
to continue clinical trials; initiation of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion
of our management’s time and resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product
recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available
insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize any medicine or drug candidate; and a decline in
our share price.


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           111
RISK FACTORS


We are subject to the risks and challenges of doing business globally, which may adversely affect our business
operations.


Our business is subject to risks and challenges associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our
business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a
specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes in laws
and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies
and procedures to operating environments different from that of the U.S.; difficulty of effective enforcement
of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in certain countries;
enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection measures or disputes,
import or export licensing requirements, and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges;
laws and regulations on foreign investment in the U.S. under the jurisdiction of the CFIUS and other agencies; the
effects of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; the impact of public health crises
on employees, our operations and the global economy; restrictions on international travel and commerce; and
significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates. In addition, in 2017 the United Kingdom Financial
Conduct Authority (“UKFCA”), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), announced that it
would no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator. Following
June 30, 2023, the UKFCA ceased to publish one month, three month and six month USD LIBOR settings. In the
U.S., the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (“ARRC”), a steering committee assembled by the Federal Reserve
Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, was tasked with identifying alternative reference rates to replace
LIBOR. The AARC selected, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has recommended, the Secured Overnight
Finance Rate (“SOFR”) as an alternative to LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash in the
overnight U.S. treasury market. LIBOR and SOFR have significant differences: LIBOR was an unsecured lending
rate and SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR is a forward-looking rate that
reflected term rates at different maturities. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to
SOFR or other alternative reference rates, and as such, the replacement of LIBOR could have an adverse effect on
the market for, or value of, LIBOR-linked financial instruments. Failure to manage these risks and challenges could
negatively affect our ability to expand our businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.




112    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.


The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification
intended to address concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) and other perceived international tax
avoidance techniques as a result of both coordinated actions by governments, such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive
Framework on BEPS, and unilateral measures designed by individual countries. For example, the Cayman Islands
has enacted the International Tax Co-operation (Economic Substance) Law (2020 Revision) (the “Economic
Substance Law”), which originally took effect on January 1, 2019, and which is accompanied by Guidance on
Economic Substance for Geographically Mobile Activities (Version 2.0; April 30, 2019) published by the Cayman
Islands Tax Information Authority. The Economic Substance Law embraces a global initiative to combat BEPS
and demonstrates the continued commitment of the Cayman Islands to international best practice. The Economic
Substance Law provides that relevant entities that existed before January 1, 2019 and that had been conducting
relevant activities by that date must comply with the economic substance requirements from July 1, 2019, and
relevant entities that are established from January 1, 2019 onwards must comply with the requirements from
the date they commence the relevant activity. Although we believe that we currently are not obliged to meet the
economic substance requirements under the Economic Substance Law, we cannot predict any changes to the
legislation or its interpretation in the future. If we are obliged to meet certain economic substance requirements in
the future, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are required to make changes
to our business in order to gain compliance or if we fail to comply.


We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that
our rulings are consistent with accepted tax ruling practices, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be
predicted and could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2023   ANNUAL REPORT        113
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and
the United States or other governments and the oversight and discretion the PRC government has over the
conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion
strategies.


Due to our operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be
influenced by economic, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes in government relations between China
and the U.S. or other governments. There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the
U.S. and China with respect to trade policies, data sharing, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. China’s
economy differs from the economies of other countries in many respects, including with respect to the level of
development, growth rate, amount of government involvement and oversight upon foreign exchange. While China’s
economy has experienced significant growth over the past four decades, growth has been uneven across different
regions and among various economic sectors. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to
encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit
the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and
results of operations may be adversely affected by government oversight of capital investments or changes in tax
regulations that are currently applicable to us. In addition, in the past the Chinese government implemented certain
measures, including interest rate increases, to manage the pace of economic growth and prevent the economy
from overheating. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China, which may adversely affect
our business and results of operations.


The PRC government has the ability to exert oversight over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/
or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and, as a result, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or
be worthless.


The PRC government has indicated its intent to exert more oversight over securities offerings and other capital
markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. If the PRC
authorities attempt to exercise such oversight or administration through regulation over our PRC subsidiaries, we
could be required to restructure our operations to comply with such regulations or potentially cease operations
in the PRC entirely, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any
such action, once taken by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or
continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme
cases, become worthless.




114    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


For example, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business
operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision
over China-based companies listed overseas using the variable interest entity (“VIE”) structure, adopting new
measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
For example, in July 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Securities Opinions, which
emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on
overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the
construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas
listed companies.


Furthermore, in July 2021, the PRC government provided guidance on China-based companies raising capital
outside of China, including through VIE structures. In light of such developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced
disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities with the SEC. In February 2023,
the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines which became effective as of
March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, where Chinese companies that have directly
or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets conduct follow-on offering of equity securities in such overseas
markets, they shall fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC. As the Overseas
Listing Trial Measures are subject to changes and may continue to evolve, we cannot assure you that we would
not be deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. If we
are deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company but fail to complete the filing procedures with the
CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings or follow relevant reporting requirements thereunder, we may be subject
to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council. We are
currently evaluating the implications and potential impact of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and will continue to
closely monitor the interpretation and implementation of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. Due to our operations
in China and stock listings in and outside of China, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and any future PRC, U.S. or
other rules and regulations that place restrictions on capital raising could adversely affect our business and results
of operations and could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our ADSs or
ordinary shares to investors, and could cause the value of our ADSs or ordinary shares to significantly decline or
become worthless.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          115
RISK FACTORS


In February 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on
Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the “Revised Confidentiality Provisions”), which became effective as of March 31, 2023. According to
the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, Chinese companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings
and listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations on confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing,
either directly or through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities services providers. In the event such
materials contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, the Chinese companies shall first
obtain approval from authorities, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level with the
approving authority; in the event that such materials, if divulged, will jeopardize national security or public interest,
the Chinese companies shall comply with procedures stipulated by national regulations. The Chinese companies
shall also provide a written statement of the specific sensitive information provided when providing materials to
securities service providers, and such written statements shall be retained for inspection. The interpretation and
implementation of the Revised Confidentiality Provisions may continue to evolve.


Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operations or our
ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, it is highly
uncertain how the legislative or administrative agencies will further interpret, modify or implement such laws and
regulations, or if they will promulgate any new laws or regulations, and their potential impact on our daily business
operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S., Hong Kong, or other stock
exchanges. There are still substantial uncertainties as to how PRC governmental authorities will regulate overseas
listing in practice and whether we are required to obtain any specific regulatory approvals from PRC governmental
authorities for our offshore offerings. If PRC regulatory agencies later promulgate new rules or explanations
requiring that we obtain their approvals for our future offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain such approvals
in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value
of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, implementation of industry-wide regulations
directly targeting our operations could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline.




116    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


The audit reports included in our previous annual reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC have historically
been prepared by auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the
“PCAOB”), and as such, investors have previously been deprived of the benefits of such inspections.


Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, our auditor from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2021, is required to undergo regular
inspections by the PCAOB as an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the U.S. and a firm registered with
the PCAOB. Since Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP is located in China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB had historically
been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
was not previously inspected by the PCAOB and, as a result, the audit work that it has carried out for us in the
PRC has not historically been able to be inspected independently and fully by the PCAOB. Inspections of other
auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside the PRC have at times identified deficiencies in those auditors’ audit
procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve
future audit quality. The historical lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in the PRC prevented the
PCAOB from regularly evaluating auditors’ audits and their quality control procedures. As a result, to the extent
that any components of our auditor’s past work papers were located in China, such work papers were not subject
to inspection by the PCAOB. As a result, we and investors of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares were
deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors and potential investors of our
securities to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our
financial statements. Given that Ernst and Young LLP (U.S.) has served as the principal accountant to audit our
consolidated financial statements since 2022, we do not believe this risk is present for our current audit reports.


Historically, there has been legislation implemented which put our ADSs at risk of potential delisting. The
delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your
investment.


In December 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“HFCAA”), was signed into law, providing that
if the SEC determines we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been
subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit securities
from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. Following
the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was audited by Ernst
& Young Hua Ming LLP, the SEC added us to its list of Commission-Identified Issuers identified under HFCAA. In
December 2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“AHFCAA”) was signed into law,
which amended the HFCAA to shorten the three-year period to two years.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          117
RISK FACTORS


However, as our global business expanded, we built substantial organizational capabilities outside of the PRC and
we evaluated, designed and implemented business processes and control changes which enabled us to engage
Ernst & Young LLP, located in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S., as our independent registered public accounting firm
for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting commencing for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that this satisfies the PCAOB inspection requirements for the audit of
our consolidated financial statements prior to the two-year deadline of the AHFCAA. Given that Ernst and Young
LLP (U.S.) has served as the principal accountant to audit our consolidated financial statements since 2022, we
are compliant with the HFCAA and AHFCAA and can certify that we retained a registered public accounting firm
that the PCAOB is able to inspect or investigate which would preclude any further finding by the SEC that we are a
Commission-Identified Issuer and therefore the delisting of our ADSs from NASDAQ.


We may be subject to enforcement under similar legislation that may be enacted into law or executive orders that
may be adopted in the future. Although we are committed to complying with the rules and regulations applicable
to listed companies in the U.S., we are currently unable to predict the potential impact on our listing status by
any rules that may be adopted by the SEC in the future. If we failed to comply with those rules, it is possible that
our ADSs would be delisted. The risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative
impact on the price of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares.


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations.


A large portion of our operations are conducted in China through our Chinese subsidiaries. Our Chinese subsidiaries
are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The Chinese legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for
reference but have limited precedential value.


Furthermore, China’s legal system is still developing. The laws, rules and regulations are subject to interpretation
and enforcement by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, on account of the relatively new
implementation of certain laws, rules and regulations, the non-precedential nature of court decisions, and the
discretion such laws, rules and regulations give to the relevant regulator in enforcement, the interpretation and
enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent. In addition, the legal
system is based in part on government policies and rules which may quickly be amended from time to time. As a
result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation.




118    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


China’s Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rule came into force in January 2020. The Foreign
Investment Law and its implementing rules embody an expected regulatory trend to rationalize China’s foreign
investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the
legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. There are still uncertainties with respect to the
interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules. For example, the
Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules provide that foreign invested entities established according
to the previous laws regulating foreign investment prior to its implementation may maintain their structure and
corporate governance for a five-year transition period. It is uncertain whether governmental authorities may require
us to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our Chinese subsidiaries in such transition
period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to meet any of these or similar regulatory requirements
could materially affect our current corporate governance practices and business operations and our compliance
costs may increase significantly. In addition, the Security Review Rules, effective as of January 18, 2021, embody
China’s continued efforts to provide a legal regime for national security review comparable to similar procedures in
other jurisdictions, such as CFIUS review in the U.S. There are still uncertainties with respect to the interpretation,
implementation and enforcement of the Security Review Rules. For example, national security remains undefined
and there is no clear guidance on whether the biotechnology industry requires security review and what factors the
regulatory authority may consider in determining whether there are security concerns. It is difficult to evaluate the
impact of the Security Review Rules on our existing investments or potential investments in China.


It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. In China, there
are legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigations initiated
outside China. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no
overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the
PRC territory, which may increase the difficulties you face in protecting your interests. According to the Revised
Confidentiality and Archives Administration Provisions, where overseas securities regulators or relevant competent
authorities request to inspect, investigate or collect evidence from Chinese domestic companies concerning their
overseas offering and listing or their securities firms and securities service providers that undertake securities
business for such Chinese domestic companies, such inspection, investigation and evidence collection must be
conducted under the cross-border regulatory cooperation mechanism, and the CSRC or competent authorities
of the Chinese government will provide necessary assistance pursuant to bilateral and multilateral cooperation
mechanism. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities
regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such
cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of
a mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. For risks associated with investing in us as a Cayman Islands
company, see the risk factor titled “ – Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares – Because we
are a Cayman Islands company, our shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights than they would have under
Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting their interests.”




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          119
RISK FACTORS


Any administrative and court proceedings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including China may be
protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since administrative
and court authorities have discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be
difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection. These
uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


In addition, the PRC government has announced its plans to enhance its regulatory oversight of China-based
companies listed overseas and cross-border law enforcement cooperation. The Securities Opinions called for:


•     tightening oversight of data security, cross-border data flow and administration of classified information,
      as well as amendments to relevant regulation to specify responsibilities of overseas listed China-based
      companies with respect to data security and information security;


•     enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by China-
      based companies; and


•     extraterritorial application of China’s securities laws.


There are uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Securities Opinions and the
Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The PRC government may promulgate relevant laws, rules and regulations to
impose additional obligations and liabilities on overseas listed China-based companies regarding data security,
cross-border data flow, and compliance with China’s securities laws. As a company with operations in China
and stock listings in and outside of China, it is uncertain whether or how these laws, rules and regulations and
their interpretation and implementation may affect us. However, among other things, our ability to obtain external
financing through the issuance of equity securities overseas could be adversely affected if restrictions on overseas
fundraising are imposed on companies like us.


The filing or other procedures with, the CSRC or other Chinese regulatory authorities may be required in
connection with issuing our equity securities to foreign investors under Chinese law, and, if required, we cannot
predict whether we will be able, or how long it will take us, to complete such filing or other procedures. If we fail
to complete a filing with the CSRC, our future offering application may be impacted and we may be subject to
penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council.


Pursuant to the Securities Opinions, Chinese regulators are required to accelerate rulemaking related to the
overseas issuance and listing of securities outside of China, and update the existing laws and regulations related
to data security, cross-border data flow, and administration of classified information. The Securities Opinions
emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the need to strengthen
the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies.




120    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Numerous regulations, guidelines and other measures have been or are expected to be adopted under the umbrella
of or in addition to the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law. As the relevant regulations, guidelines and
measures are subject to change and continue to evolve, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to comply
with new regulatory requirements relating to our future overseas capital-raising activities outside of China and we
may become subject to more stringent requirements with respect to matters including data privacy and cross-
border investigation and enforcement of legal claims.


Furthermore, in February 2023, the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines,
which took effect on March 31, 2023, requiring Chinese companies that have already directly or indirectly offered
and listed securities in overseas markets to fulfil their filing obligations and report relevant information to the CSRC
within three working days after conducting a follow-on offering of equity securities on the same overseas market.
The Overseas Listing Trial Measures may continue to evolve. We may have to go through the filing process for
any follow-on offerings we conduct on NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock Exchange within three working days of the
completion of our follow-on offerings. If we fail to complete a filing with the CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings,
we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State
Council.


As of the date of this report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanction regarding completing
filing or other procedures in connection with offering our equity securities on NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock
Exchange from the CSRC or any other Chinese regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction over our operations.
However, there remains uncertainty as to the interpretation and implementation of regulatory requirements related
to securities offerings and other capital markets activities outside of China. If it is determined in the future that the
filing or other procedure with the CSRC or any other regulatory authority is required for issuing our equity securities
on NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock Exchange, it is uncertain whether we will be able to and how long it would
take for us to complete the filing or other procedure, despite our best efforts. If we, for any reason, are unable to
complete, or experience significant delays in completing, the requisite relevant filing or other procedure(s), we may
face sanctions by the CSRC or other Chinese regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose fines
and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in
China, delay or restrict the repatriation of funds into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our
ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate
new rules requiring that we obtain their approvals or complete filing or other procedures for any future public
offerings on NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such requirements, if
and when procedures are established to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding
such a requirement could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and
RMB Shares.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           121
RISK FACTORS


To operate our general business activities currently conducted in China, each of our Chinese subsidiaries is
required to obtain a business license from the local counterpart of the SAMR. Each of our Chinese subsidiaries has
obtained a valid business license from the local counterpart of the SAMR. The pharmaceutical industry in which we
operate is also highly regulated in China. Our Chinese subsidiaries are required to obtain applicable licenses from
competent Chinese government authorities for our operations in China, including drug manufacturing licenses, drug
trade license, clinical trial authorizations, drug registration certificates, licenses for use of experimental animals,
pollutant discharge licenses and permits for urban sewage discharge into drainage pipe network. We believe our
PRC subsidiaries have obtained all applicable licenses and permits which are material to our business operations in
China.


PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions conducted by foreign investors, which
could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions set forth additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities of PRC-based companies by foreign investors more time-
consuming and complex. See the risk factor titled “We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public
company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including
establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we
are unable to comply with these requirements. ” These rules, among others, specify that mergers and acquisitions
by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through
which foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security”
concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass
a security review by structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual
control arrangements. Although we believe that our business is not in an industry related to national security,
we cannot preclude the possibility that the competent PRC government authorities may publish explanations
contrary to our understanding or broaden the scope of such security reviews in the future, in which case our future
acquisitions and investment in the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements
with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the
SAMR shall be notified in advance of any concentration of undertaking if certain filing thresholds are triggered. We
may grow our business in part by acquiring complementary businesses in China. Complying with the requirements
of the laws and regulations mentioned above and other PRC regulations to complete such transactions could be
time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the SAMR, may delay or
inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain or
expand our market share. Our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future
acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely affected.




122      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In December 2020, the NDRC and the MOFCOM promulgated the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures,
which came into effect in January 2021. Under the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, investments in
military, national defense-related areas or in locations in proximity to military facilities, or investments that would
result in acquiring the actual control of assets in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy
and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure, transport, cultural products and services, IT, Internet
products and services, financial services and technology sectors, are required to be approved by designated
governmental authorities in advance. Official guidance for these measures has not been issued by the designated
office in charge of such security review yet, therefore there are great uncertainties with respect to the interpretation
and implementation of the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures. If any of our business operations were
to fall under the foregoing categories, we would need to take further actions in order to comply with these laws,
regulations and rules, which may materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure, business, financial
condition and results of operations.


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends and other
distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur.
If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC
subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside
at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the
aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed
to us as dividends until the liquidation of the enterprise. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may
allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a
staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted
from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31,
2023, these restricted assets totaled US$4.1 billion.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          123
RISK FACTORS


Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.


In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the
fourth quarter of 2016, the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange
(“SAFE”) promulgated a series of measures relating to oversight of capital flow, including stricter vetting procedures
for domestic companies to remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments and shareholder
loan repayments.


The PRC government may continue to strengthen its oversight of capital flow, and more regulations and substantial
vetting process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions. Any limitation on the ability of our
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us could materially and adversely limit
our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or
otherwise fund and conduct our business.


The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced
income of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC
resident enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign
investor’s jurisdiction of tax residency has a tax treaty with China that provides for a reduced withholding rate
arrangement and such non-PRC resident enterprises constitute the beneficiary of such income.


Pursuant to an arrangement between mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Hong
Kong Tax Treaty”) and relevant tax regulations of the PRC, subject to certain conditions, a reduced withholding tax
rate of 5% will be available for dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient holds at least 25% shares of
the PRC entities and can demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the beneficial owner of the dividends.
The China government has adopted multiple regulations which stipulate that in determining whether a non-resident
enterprise has the status as a beneficial owner, comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors
listed therein and the actual circumstances of the specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it
expressly excludes an agent or a designated payee from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” We own the
PRC subsidiaries through BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (“BeiGene HK”), a company incorporated under the
laws of Hong Kong on November 22, 2010 and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. BeiGene HK currently
does not hold a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, and there is
no assurance that the reduced withholding tax rate will be available.




124    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.


Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management bodies”
as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production and
operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, PRC regulations specify that
certain Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws
of foreign countries or territories and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling
shareholders, will be classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii)
financial and personnel decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes
of board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having
voting rights.


Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of these regulations,
in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the regulations to
evaluate the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC.


We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any
of our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise. However, the tax resident status of
an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the
interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman
Islands holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable
PRC tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our
worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. If we are deemed a PRC
resident enterprise, dividends paid on our shares and any gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares
may be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident
enterprise ADS holders or shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the
case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS
holders or shareholders from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of
10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders), which may be reduced or exempted
according to relevant tax treaties between PRC and the non-PRC resident enterprise/individual ADS holders’ or
shareholders’ tax resident jurisdictions.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT           125
RISK FACTORS


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.


Pursuant to Chinese regulations, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC
resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC
taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial
purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value
of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of
the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly
derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable
assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration
of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction by direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar
arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to
be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred
and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer
relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place
of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to
available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable
tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public
stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax where such shares were acquired in a transaction
through a public stock exchange. As such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange will
not be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs originally purchased
from a stock exchange by a non-PRC resident enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC
enterprise income tax under these regulations.


There are uncertainties as to the application of these regulations, which may be determined by the tax authorities
to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are
involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation,
while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises
and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with these regulations or to establish
that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these regulations, for our previous and future
restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.




126    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


The PRC tax authorities have the discretion to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the
difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under these regulations, our income tax
costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.


Regulations on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.


The PRC government exerts oversight on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB, any existing and future regulations on
currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities outside
of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange
transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with,
SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain
foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries.


Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local governments.
Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.


Local governments in the PRC have granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC subsidiaries
as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of
government financial incentives are determined within the discretion of the local government authorities and cannot
be predicted with certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have the ability
to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or eliminate
incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a project basis
and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial incentive
agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy all relevant
conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of the continued
availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of incentives would
have an adverse effect on our results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          127
RISK FACTORS


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-resident beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.


We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of equity
incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the PRC regulations, according to which, employees, directors,
supervisors and other management members participating in any share incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed
company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a domestic qualified
agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures.
We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our
directors and employees under PRC law. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration
requirements could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions.


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates.


A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new medicines. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China for
pharmaceutical companies has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe
our strategies regarding research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are aligned with
the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies. Any such
change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the successful
research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or medicines in China and
reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing medicines in China.


Chinese authorities have become increasingly active in enforcing laws affecting the pharmaceutical industry.
Specifically, the Chinese authorities have recently increased anti-bribery efforts to address improper payments and
other benefits received by physicians, staff and hospital administrators in connection with the sales, marketing and
purchase of pharmaceuticals products. Any failure by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable
laws and regulations or obtain and maintain required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or
termination of our business activities in China. Reports of what have come to be viewed as significant quality-
control failures by Chinese vaccine manufacturers have led to enforcement actions against officials responsible
for implementing national reforms favorable to innovative drugs (such as ours). This macro-industry event could
cause state or private resources to be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory
enforcement, which could adversely affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization
activities and increase our compliance costs.




128    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares


The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
substantial losses to you.


The trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile and fluctuate widely in response
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: announcements of regulatory approval or
a complete response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in
the regulatory review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions, strategic
relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by regulatory
agencies with respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; any adverse
changes to our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical trials; the results
of our efforts to acquire or license additional medicines or drug candidates; variations in the level of expenses
related to our existing medicines and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and commercialization
programs; any intellectual property infringement actions in which we may become involved; announcements
concerning our competitors or the pharmaceutical industry in general; the performance and fluctuation of the
market prices of other companies with significant business operations in China that have listed their securities in
Hong Kong, Shanghai or the U.S.; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing expenses and profitability;
manufacture, supply or distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations; announcements about our
results of operations that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our
policy not to give guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties,
including government statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or financial analysts; changes
in financial estimates by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true, about our business, our
competitors or our industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations of exchange rates between
the RMB, the U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our
outstanding ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares; sales or perceived potential sales of additional ordinary shares,
ADSs or RMB Shares by us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders; general economic and market
conditions and overall fluctuations in the U.S., Hong Kong or Shanghai equity markets; changes in accounting
principles; trade disputes or U.S.-China government relations; and changes or developments in the U.S., PRC, the
EU or global regulatory environment.


In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares, regardless of our actual operating performance.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          129
RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of capital markets in the United States, Hong Kong and Shanghai are different, which may
cause volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares.


Our ordinary shares are listed on the HKEx in Hong Kong under the stock code “06160”, our ADSs are listed on
NASDAQ in the U.S. under the symbol “BGNE”, and our RMB Shares are listed on the STAR Market in the PRC
under the stock code “688235”. Under current PRC laws and regulations, our ADSs and ordinary shares listed on
NASDAQ and the HKEx are not interchangeable or fungible with the RMB Shares listed on the STAR Market, and
there is no trading or settlement between either NASDAQ or the HKEx on the one hand, and the STAR Market on
the other hand. The three markets have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume
and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional
participation). As a result of these major differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB
Shares might not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due
to circumstances peculiar to its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary
shares and/or RMB Shares, and vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S., Hong Kong and
Shanghai equity markets, the historic market prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares may not be
indicative of the performance of our securities going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.


Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to an
increased incidence of securities class action litigation, particularly in our industry in recent years. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares in the public market could cause the ordinary
share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to fall.


The price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
the ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at
a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.


As of February 14, 2024, 1,359,513,224 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
861,019,991 ordinary shares were held in the form of 66,232,307 ADSs, each representing 13 ordinary shares, and
115,055,260 were RMB Shares.




130     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


We filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders on May 9, 2023,
registering 298,738,765 ordinary shares, including 222,835,028 ordinary shares in the form of 17,141,156 ADSs
to be resold by the selling shareholders identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to
time. Amgen also has specified registration rights pursuant to its share purchase agreement. Furthermore, we have
registered or plan to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may issue in the future
under our equity compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share
units and under our employee share purchase plan. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is perceived that
they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares could
decline.


In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs, RMB Shares, or other equity or debt
securities convertible into ordinary shares, ADSs, or RMB Shares in connection with a financing, acquisition,
license, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial
dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause the ordinary share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to decline.


The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may adversely affect the liquidity and value of
our ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares and lead to increased compliance obligations and costs.


Our ADSs are traded on NASDAQ, our existing ordinary shares maintained on our Cayman register in Cayman
Islands and Hong Kong register in Hong Kong, are traded on the HKEx, and our RMB Shares are traded on the
STAR Market. The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may dilute the liquidity of these
securities in one or all three markets and may adversely affect the maintenance of an active trading market for ADSs
in the U.S., the ordinary shares in Hong Kong, and/or the RMB Shares in the PRC. The price of our ADSs, ordinary
shares and/or RMB Shares could also be adversely affected by trading of our securities on other markets. We may
decide at some point in the future to delist our RMB Shares from the STAR Market, and our shareholders may
approve such delisting. We cannot predict the effect such delisting of our RMB Shares on the STAR Market would
have on the market price of our ADSs on NASDAQ or our ordinary shares on the HKEx. Additionally, the listing and
trading of our equity securities in multiple jurisdictions and multiple markets has resulted in increased compliance
obligations and costs for us, and we may face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities in these
jurisdictions and markets, such as inquiries, investigations, enforcement actions and other regulatory proceedings
by regulatory authorities.


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares for return on your investment.


We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares as a source for any future dividend
income.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          131
RISK FACTORS


Our board of directors has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors
decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on,
among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the
amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual and
regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on
your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares will likely depend entirely upon any future price
appreciation of the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. There is no guarantee that the ordinary shares,
ADSs and/or RMB Shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. You may not realize a return on your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs
and/or RMB Shares and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares and trading
volume could decline.


The trading market for the ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do
not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares would likely decline. Historically, we are aware of instances
in which analysts have published inaccurate research about our business. If one or more of these analysts cease
coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares to
decline significantly.


Because we are a Cayman Islands company, our shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights than they
would have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting their interests.


We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are
governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be further amended
from time to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law
are not as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong
Kong, mainland China and the U.S. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities law
than Hong Kong, mainland China or the U.S. and less judicially interpreted body of corporate law than in Delaware.




132     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders. Our directors
have to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our
shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for
shareholders to obtain the information needed to establish facts necessary for a shareholder action or to solicit
proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman Islands company, we may not
have standing to initiate a derivative action in a Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal court. As a result,
shareholders may be limited in their ability to protect their interests if they are harmed in a manner that would
otherwise enable them to sue in a U.S. federal court. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal courts.


Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the U.S. and a substantial portion
of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for
shareholders to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the U.S. in the event
that shareholders believe that their rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the U.S.
or otherwise. In addition, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of China. To the extent our
directors and executive officers reside outside of China or their assets are located outside of China, it may not be
possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management inside China. Even if shareholders
are successful in bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may render them unable to enforce
a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is no statutory recognition in the
Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the U.S., Hong Kong or China, although the courts of the Cayman Islands
will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial
on the merits.


As a result of the above, shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as shareholders of
a Hong Kong company, a Chinese company or a U.S. company.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          133
RISK FACTORS


Voting rights of our ADS holders are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for the ADSs
will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares underlying our ADS holders’ ADSs if they do not
vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect their interests.


Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs only
in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from ADS holders
in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote the holder’s
underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum
notice period required for convening an annual general meeting is 21 calendar days and the minimum notice period
required for convening an extraordinary general meeting is 14 calendar days. When a general meeting is convened,
ADS holders may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit them to withdraw their ordinary
shares to allow them to cast their vote with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary
and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to ADS holders or carry out their voting instructions in a
timely manner. We will make reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to our ADS holders
in a timely manner, but our ADS holders may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can vote or
instruct their agent to vote their shares.


Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, ADS holders may not
be able to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs are
not voted as they requested.


Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying ADS holders’ ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if such holders do not give voting instructions
to the depositary, unless we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related
voting materials, we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given, we have
informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the meeting, or a matter
to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if ADS holders fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, they
cannot prevent the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above,
and it may make it more difficult for such ADS holders to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares
are not subject to this discretionary proxy.




134    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association include provisions that could limit the ability
of others to acquire control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage in change-of-
control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell
their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control
in a tender offer or similar transaction.


For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue preferred
shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our board of
directors authorizes the issuance of preferred shares, the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall
and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely
affected.


Because our directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each, shareholders can
only elect or remove a limited number of our directors in any given year. The length of these terms could present
an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control, which could be in the interest of our
shareholders.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association designate specific courts as the sole and
exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which
could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of Cayman Islands will be the sole and exclusive forum for
any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of us to us or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim
arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time,
or the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or any action asserting a claim governed
by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the U.S. laws). Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association further state that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)
and provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities is
deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions; provided, however, that shareholders cannot and
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and rules and regulations
thereunder.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         135
RISK FACTORS


These provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any shareholder bringing an
unsuccessful action against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection
with such unsuccessful action.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under certain circumstances
parties who bring actions or proceedings against us may be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs, and
expenses, including but not limited to all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses, that we incur
in connection with such claim, to the extent the claimant is unsuccessful in obtaining a judgment on the merits in
which the claiming party prevails.


The case law and potential legislative action on such fee-shifting articles are evolving and there exists considerable
uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative responses to, such articles. Consistent
with our directors’ fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of the Company, the directors may in their sole
discretion from time to time decide whether or not to enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the
law related to fee-shifting articles, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with
respect to such articles, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.


If a shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment sought, the attorneys’
fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party may be significant. This fee-shifting
article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or former shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating
lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by potential
plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent our shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from representing
our shareholders at all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the management and
direction of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.


Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.


ADSs are transferable only on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer
or register transfers of ADSs when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or
the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law, under any provision of the deposit
agreement or for any other reason, subject to ADS holders’ right to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying
ordinary shares. Temporary delays in the cancellation of ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares
may arise because the depositary has closed its books or we have closed our books, the transfer of ordinary shares
is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.




136     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


In addition, holders of ADSs may not be able to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares
when they owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order
to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or
other deposited securities.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions
of securities other than ADSs, and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable
beneficial owner in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.


Dealings in ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to Hong Kong
stamp duty. There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
the ADSs.


In connection with our Hong Kong public offering in 2018, we established a branch register of members in Hong
Kong (the “Hong Kong share register”). Our ordinary shares that are traded on the HKEx, including those that may
be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these ordinary shares
on the HKEx are subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS to ordinary share conversion and trading
between NASDAQ and the HKEx, we moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share register
to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects a sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.2% of the greater of the consideration for, or the
value of, shares transferred, with 0.1% payable by each of the buyer and the seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or conversion
of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the U.S. and Hong Kong and that have maintained all or a portion of
their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers. However, it is
unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies
constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is
determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of the ADSs, the trading price and the
value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          137
RISK FACTORS


Holders of ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available.


The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to distribute to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or
the custodian for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees
and expenses. ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that
their ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making such distributions if it is unlawful or
impractical. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities
that require registration under the Securities Act, but that are not registered or distributed pursuant to an exemption
from registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to holders of ADSs if any
government approval or registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made
by the depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary
shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that holders of ADSs may not receive the
distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them.
These restrictions may materially reduce the value of our ADSs.


Holders of ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings.


From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.




138    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares and deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares.


Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 53% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 14, 2024. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares, ADSs,
and/or RMB Shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition,
these persons could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.


A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (“PFIC”) for any taxable year
if either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of the
average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the composition of our income and assets, we believe that we were not a PFIC for the taxable year
ended December 31, 2023. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect to
each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, including our use of
proceeds from any equity offerings, and the value of our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to
the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares, which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we
may be a PFIC in any taxable year. The determination of whether we will be or become a PFIC may also depend,
in part, on how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets and the cash raised in equity offerings. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT        139
RISK FACTORS


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased U.S. income tax on gain recognized on the sale or
other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or ADSs
to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the U.S. federal income tax rules. In
addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.


Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we generally will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.


Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation” (“CFC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income for
U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income” and
investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each Ten
Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,” which
is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for U.S.
federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is
not entirely certain.


Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in the future. Holders are
urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the consequences thereof.




140     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                           FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                           2019           2020            2021            2022           2023
                                                       USD’000        USD’000         USD’000        USD’000         USD’000
Operating results
Product revenue, net                                    222,596        308,874          633,987     1,254,612       2,189,852
Collaboration revenue                                   205,616                –        542,296       161,309         268,927
Total revenues                                          428,212        308,874       1,176,283      1,415,921       2,458,779
Gross profit                                            357,022        238,217       1,011,377      1,129,446       2,078,859
Loss before income taxes                                943,586      1,618,194      1,438,588       1,961,037         825,836
Net Loss                                                950,578      1,628,591      1,457,816       2,003,815         881,708
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                  948,628      1,624,974      1,457,816       2,003,815         881,708


Profitability
Gross margin (%)                                           83%             77%            86%             80%            85%
Net loss margin (%)                                      -222%          -527%            -124%         -142%            -36%


                                                           2019           2020            2021           2022            2023
                                                       USD’000        USD’000         USD’000        USD’000         USD’000
Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash             620,775      1,390,005      4,382,887       3,875,037       3,185,984
Short-term investments                                  364,728      3,268,725      2,241,962         665,251           2,600
Working capital                                         862,384      3,885,491      6,014,325       3,738,550      2,393,301
Total assets                                         1,612,289       5,534,795      8,535,525       6,379,290      5,805,275
Total liabilities                                       633,934      1,731,514      2,402,962       1,995,935      2,267,948
Non-controlling interest                                 16,150                –              –               –              –
Total equity                                           978,355       3,803,281      6,132,563       4,383,355      3,537,327

(1)   Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
      were filed with SEC.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT           141
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES


We provide certain financial measures that are not defined under U.S. GAAP, commonly referred to as non-
GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted Operating Expenses and Adjusted Income (Loss) from Operations
and certain other non-GAAP measures, each of which include adjustments to U.S. GAAP figures. These non-
GAAP measures are intended to provide additional information on our operating performance. Adjustments to our
U.S. GAAP figures exclude, as applicable, non-cash items such as share-based compensation, depreciation and
amortization. Certain other special items or substantive events may also be included in the non-GAAP adjustments
periodically when their magnitude is significant within the periods incurred. We maintain an established non-GAAP
policy that guides the determination of what items may be excluded in non-GAAP financial measures. We believe
that these non-GAAP measures, when considered together with the U.S. GAAP figures, can enhance an overall
understanding of our operating performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are included with the intent of
providing investors with a more complete understanding of our historical and expected financial results and trends
and to facilitate comparisons between periods and with respect to projected information. In addition, these non-
GAAP financial measures are among the indicators BeiGene’s management uses for planning and forecasting
purposes and measuring our performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition
to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, U.S. GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures
used by BeiGene may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, non-GAAP financial
measures used by other companies.


OVERVIEW


BeiGene made great progress for the full year of 2023 toward our goal to become an impactful next-generation
oncology innovator. We have solidified our leadership in hematology with the continued success of BRUKINSA’s
global launch, led by U.S. and Europe. Our cost advantaged research and development and manufacturing have
enabled us to build one of the largest and most exciting oncology pipelines in the industry. We look forward to
a transformative year for BeiGene as we continue to deliver on operational excellence propelled by outstanding
growth in revenue across new and existing geographies.


Key highlights for the full year 2023 are as follows:


•     Continued rapid global growth with record total revenues of $2.5 billion for the full year 2023, an increase of
      73.7% from prior year;


•     Strengthened leadership in hematology with global BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib) sales of $1.3 billion for the full
      year 2023, an increase of 128.5% from prior year;




142    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Progressed innovative hematology pipeline with initiation of four registrational trials for sonrotoclax, including
      global Phase 3 study in treatment-naïve CLL, and two global expansion cohorts for BTK CDAC in R/R CLL, R/
      R MCL; and


•     Sustained growth with diverse product and geographic revenue mix and improved operating leverage.


Recent Business Developments


On March 14, 2024 (U.S. Eastern Time), we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) has
approved TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab) as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable or
metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (“ESCC”) after prior systemic chemotherapy that did not include a
PD-(L)1 inhibitor.


On December 22, 2023, we announced FDA has approved a label update for BRUKINSA to include superior
progression-free survival (“PFS”) results from the Phase 3 ALPINE trial comparing BRUKINSA against IMBRUVICA®
(ibrutinib) in previously treated patients with relapsed or refractory (“R/R”) chronic lymphocytic leukemia (“CLL”).


On November 21, 2023, we announced an agreement to acquire an exclusive global license to Ensem Therapeutics,
Inc.’s (“Ensem”) Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application-ready oral cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (“CDK2”)
inhibitor. Ensem will receive an upfront payment, and will be eligible for additional payments upon the achievement
of certain development, regulatory, and commercial milestones, in addition to tiered royalties.


On November 17, 2023, we announced that the European Commission (“EC”) granted marketing authorization for
BRUKINSA in combination with obinutuzumab for the treatment of adult patients with R/R follicular lymphoma (“FL”)
who have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy.


In the first quarter of 2024, we incurred US$35.0 million related to milestone payments in connection with business
development transactions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          143
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to address challenges in the
pharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients
around the world. We have made significant progress towards accomplishing this vision over our first 13 years and
have five strategic competitive advantages positioning us for success both near- and long-term:


1.    We have built a substantial global development and medical affairs team of 3,000+ people on five
      continents, allowing us to run clinical trials predominantly without reliance on CROs. Clinical development
      accounts for over 75% of the cost and most of the time to develop a medicine. We believe that by fully
      integrating these capabilities, we can create a strategic competitive advantage. By retaining clinical
      development activities internally, we can decrease the costs of our trials, increase enrollment speed, and
      leverage technology to ensure quality and consistency across trials and clinical sites. It also allows us to
      become more inclusive in the location and number of clinical sites to help improve the diversity of patients
      in our trials. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is one of our most
      important strategic competitive advantages and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical
      industry.


2.    We have built one of the world’s largest, most productive and cost-effective oncology research teams with
      1,100+ scientists. Their efforts have been validated by commercial approvals, clinical data, and collaborations
      that have secured US$1.5 billion in collaboration payments to the company. We have successfully developed
      three commercially approved medicines from our internal discovery engine, including BRUKINSA and
      TEVIMBRA. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis or a first-in-class
      mechanism of action. Our lead medicine, BRUKINSA, has demonstrated superiority for both progression-
      free survival and overall response rate versus ibrutinib in relapsed or refractory (“R/R”) chronic lymphocytic
      leukemia (“CLL”). Our broad pipeline also includes internally developed products with the potential to be best-
      in-class or first-in-class, including sonrotoclax (our BCL-2 inhibitor) and BGB-16673 (a BTK-targeted CDAC)
      that have both demonstrated their potential with early data. Our pipeline also includes many early-stage
      assets for targets including, pan-KRAS, PRMT5, CDK4, CDK2, B7H3 ADC, CEA-ADC, B7H4-ADC, MUC1 x
      CD16A bispecific antibody (“BsAb”), and Claudin6 x CD3 BsAb. We have invested in technology platforms,
      including CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, ADCs, cell therapies, and
      mRNA. Our research and innovation capabilities will ensure we discover high-quality and impactful medicines
      for patients.


3.    We have built a strong commercial portfolio, centered around two foundational medicines, BRUKINSA
      and TEVIMBRA, that are primary revenue sources and support the development of our future pipeline and
      additional combination therapies. Our hematological franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which is supported
      by a broad clinical program with over 5,000 patients in 37 trials in 29 markets. We ran two extensive head-
      to-head studies versus ibrutinib with over 800 patients enrolled. We are the first and only BTK inhibitor to
      demonstrate superior efficacy versus ibrutinib, and the data from the head-to-head ALPINE trial were selected
      for the prestigious late-breaker session at the American Society of Hematology (“ASH”) meeting in late




144    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     2022, with simultaneous publication in The New England Journal of Medicine. Based on the pooled safety
     data generated from our trials, we have shown a very favorable safety profile, especially when compared
     to ibrutinib in cardiovascular safety, including atrial fibrillation, ventricle arrhythmia, and hypertension. In
     December 2023, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approved a label update for BRUKINSA to
     include superior progression-free survival (“PFS”) results from the Phase 3 ALPINE trial comparing BRUKINSA
     against IMBRUVICA in previously treated patients with R/R CLL. We believe the differentiation of BRUKINSA
     has been recognized by the market and global BRUKINSA sales increased 128.5% in 2023 vs. 2022.
     BRUKINSA allows us to build a strong position in heme-oncology and we plan to solidify our leadership in
     CLL with sonrotoclax (BCL2i) and our BTK-CDAC while amplifying our impact in other B-cell malignancies
     with progressive treatment strategies such as fixed duration and rational sequencing. Our solid tumor
     franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, TEVIMBRA, which is currently approved in China in
     twelve indications and has achieved the commercial market leader position in China in the PD-1/PD-L1 class.
     Outside of China, TEVIMBRA has been approved in Europe and South Korea and we anticipate U.S. approval
     on or before July 2024 for first-line ESCC. With TEVIMBRA and the potentially best-in – class or first-in-class
     pipeline assets targeting pan-KRAS, PRMT5, CDK4, CDK2, B7H3 ADC, CEA-ADC, B7H4-ADC, MUC1 x
     CD16A BsAb, and Claudin6 x CD3 BsAb, we are well-positioned to build our solid tumor business and deliver
     innovative therapies and combinations to patients.


4.   We have a differentiated global commercial organization of over 3,700 people to deliver medicines to
     patients around the globe, including over 500 in North America and Europe. In North America, our team
     continues to grow BRUKINSA sales following the approvals in the U.S. and Canada for CLL and small
     lymphocytic lymphoma (“SLL”) indications in 2023. In China, the commercial team is marketing 17 internally
     developed and licensed medicines across solid tumors and hematology. BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA continue
     to strengthen market leadership positions in China in the BTKi and PD-1/PD-L1 classes, respectively.
     Altogether, BRUKINSA has been approved in more than 65 markets, with additional filings pending or
     planned. We reacquired the global rights of TEVIMBRA from Novartis in 2023 upon bilateral agreement.
     TEVIMBRA received approval from EMA and South Korea and additional approvals and filings are pending
     or planned. Our strategy is to commercialize our medicines broadly throughout the world. Our commercial
     capabilities have expanded into the Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East regions through our affiliates
     or distribution partners. We have built a global commercial organization that will drive the delivery of highly
     effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe and will continue to collaborate with
     business partners to bridge health inequities.


5.   We have financial strength. In a time when the cost of capital has risen, we are well positioned financially.
     We had cash and cash equivalents of US$3.2 billion as of December 31, 2023. We already have substantial
     product revenue of US$2.2 billion including from our cornerstone assets, which we expect to continue to
     grow significantly in 2024 and beyond. We expect product revenue growth to outpace our operating expense
     growth, which will allow us to continue to improve our operating leverage and cash flow. We will continue to
     be thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and we are committed to generating long-term value
     for our shareholders.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          145
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Results of Operations


Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:


                                                       Year Ended December 31,                 Change
                                                              2023           2022            US$               %
                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                   2,189,852      1,254,612        935,240            74.5%
  Collaboration revenue                                    268,927        161,309        107,618            66.7%


Total revenues                                           2,458,779      1,415,921      1,042,858            73.7%


Cost of sales – product                                    379,920        286,475         93,445            32.6%
Gross profit                                             2,078,859      1,129,446        949,413            84.1%
Operating expenses
  Research and development                               1,778,594      1,640,508        138,086             8.4%
  Selling, general and administrative                    1,504,501      1,277,852        226,649            17.7%
  Amortization of intangible assets                          3,500            751          2,749           366.0%


Total operating expenses                                 3,286,595      2,919,111        367,484            12.6%


Loss from operations                                    (1,207,736)    (1,789,665)       581,929           (32.5)%
  Interest income, net                                      74,009         52,480         21,529            41.0%
  Other income (expense), net                              307,891       (223,852)       531,743        (237.5)%


Loss before income tax expense                            (825,836)    (1,961,037)     1,135,201           (57.9)%
Income tax expense                                          55,872         42,778         13,094            30.6%


Net loss                                                  (881,708)    (2,003,815)     1,122,107           (56.0)%




146    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue

Total revenue increased by US$1.0 billion to US$2.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, from US$1.4
billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased sales of our internally developed products,
BRUKINSA and tislelizumab, as well as increased sales of in-licensed products, most notably from the Amgen
products and POBEVCY. Additionally, collaboration revenue increased due to the recognition of the remaining
deferred revenue associated with the Novartis collaborations upon termination of the agreements.


The following table summarizes the components of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,                 Changes
                                                                2023            2022            US$              %
                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


Product revenue                                            2,189,852      1,254,612         935,240          74.5%
Collaboration revenue:
  Material rights revenue                                     71,980                –        71,980             NA
  Research and development service revenue                    79,431          46,822         32,609          69.6%
  Right to access intellectual property revenue              104,477        104,994             (517)        (0.5)%
  Other                                                       13,039            9,493         3,546          37.4%


Total collaboration revenue                                  268,927        161,309         107,618          66.7%


Total Revenue                                              2,458,779      1,415,921       1,042,858          73.7%




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT         147
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Total revenue by geographic area is presented as follows (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars)1:


                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                                      2023               %             2022               %


United States total revenue                                     1,128,219           45.9%          502,626           35.5%
Product revenue                                                   945,551           38.5%          389,710           27.5%
Collaboration revenue                                             182,668             7.4%         112,916             8.0%


China total revenue                                             1,101,951           44.8%          840,032           59.3%
Product revenue                                                 1,093,091           44.5%          840,032           59.3%
Collaboration revenue                                                8,860            0.3%                  –            -%


Europe total revenue                                              202,014             8.2%           63,257            4.5%
Product revenue                                                   122,228             5.0%           14,864            1.0%
Collaboration revenue                                               79,786            3.2%           48,393            3.5%


Rest of world total revenue                                         26,595            1.1%           10,006            0.7%
Product revenue                                                     28,982            1.2%           10,006            0.7%
Collaboration revenue                                               (2,387)          (0.1)%                 –            -%


Total Revenue                                                   2,458,779          100.0%        1,415,921          100.0%


1       Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration revenue is
        recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from.


Net product revenue consisted of the following:


                                                              Year Ended December 31,                    Changes
                                                                      2023            2022             US$                %
                                                                                (US dollars in thousands)


BRUKINSA®                                                       1,290,396          564,651         725,745          128.5%
Tislelizumab                                                      536,620          422,885         113,735           26.9%
REVLIMID®                                                           76,018          79,049           (3,031)          (3.8)%
XGEVA    ®
                                                                    92,828          63,398           29,430          46.4%
POBEVCY       ®
                                                                    56,547          38,124           18,423          48.3%
BLINCYTO®                                                           54,342          36,107           18,235          50.5%
VIDAZA    ®
                                                                    13,960          15,213           (1,253)          (8.2)%
KYPROLIS®                                                           39,799          13,696           26,103         190.6%
Pamiparib                                                            6,668            5,460           1,208          22.1%
Other                                                               22,674          16,029            6,645          41.5%


Total product revenue                                           2,189,852        1,254,612         935,240           74.5%



148      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Net product revenue was US$2.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to US$1.3 billion in the
prior year, primarily due to increased sales volume of BRUKINSA in the U.S., Europe and China and increased sales
volume of tislelizumab in China slightly offset by lower selling price due to expansion in NRDL listing. In addition,
there were increased sales of our Amgen in-licensed products due to a new marketing strategy.


Global sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, representing a 128.5%
increase compared to the prior year and U.S. sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$945.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023 compared to US$389.7 million in the prior year, representing growth of 142.6%. U.S. sales
continued to accelerate in the period, driven by the approval and launch of BRUKINSA for adult patients with CLL
and SLL. BRUKINSA sales in China totaled US$193.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, representing
growth of 28.9% compared to the prior year, driven by an increase in all approved indications. BRUKINSA sales in
the EU and rest of world totaled US$122.2 million and US$28.8 million, respectively, for the year ended December
31, 2023, representing growth of 722.3% and 194.8%, respectively, compared to the prior-year period, driven by a
significant increase in all approved indications, specifically in CLL, SLL and WM.


Sales of tislelizumab in China totaled US$536.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, representing a 26.9%
increase compared to the prior year. During the year ended December 31, 2023, new patient demand on account
of broader reimbursement in NRDL listing and further expansion of our salesforce and hospital listings continued to
drive increased market penetration and market share for tislelizumab. Full year 2023 sales of tislelizumab included
two negative adjustments totaling US$13.2 million for distributor channel inventory compensation as a result of
inclusion in the March 2023 and January 2024 NRDL lists.


Collaboration revenue totaled US$268.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily related to the
recognition of the remaining deferred revenue associated with the Novartis collaborations upon termination of the
agreements during 2023. Collaboration revenue consisted of US$79.4 million recognized from deferred revenue for
R&D services performed during the year ended December 31, 2023 under both the tislelizumab and ociperlimab
collaborations, US$104.5 million recognized from deferred revenue for Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab over
the option period, US$72.0 million recognized from deferred material right revenue associated with the ociperlimab
collaboration upon termination and US$13.0 million recognized related primarily to revenue generated under the
broad markets marketing and promotion agreement. Collaboration revenue totaled US$161.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, of which US$46.8 million was recognized from deferred revenue for R&D services
performed during the year ended December 31, 2022 under both the tislelizumab and ociperlimab collaborations,
US$105.0 million was recognized from deferred revenue for Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab over the option
period, and US$9.5 million was recognized related to the sale of tislelizumab clinical supply to Novartis (see Note
3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). We expect collaboration revenue to
decrease for the year ended December 31, 2024 due to the recent terminations with Novartis.


Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased to US$379.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 from US$286.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased sales volume of BRUKINSA and tislelizumab as well as
sales of in-licensed products from Amgen in China.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2023   ANNUAL REPORT       149
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross Margin

Gross margin on global product sales increased to US$1.8 billion, or 82.7% as a percentage of sales, for the year
ended December 31, 2023, compared to US$1.0 billion, or 77.2% as a percentage of sales, for the year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased revenue volume, regional price mix in the current year period and
slightly lower per unit costs due to higher production volumes.


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$138.1 million, or 8.4%, to US$1.8 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2023, from US$1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes
the external cost of development programs, upfront license fees, and internal research and development expense
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:


                                                               Year Ended December 31,                    Changes
                                                                      2023             2022             US$                %
                                                                                (US dollars in thousands)


External research and development expense:
     Cost of development programs                                  551,417          469,497          81,920           17.4%
     Upfront license fees                                           46,800           68,665          (21,865)        (31.8)%
     Amgen co-development expenses1                                 53,315           98,955          (45,640)        (46.1)%


Total external research and development expenses                   651,532          637,117          14,415             2.3%
Internal research and development expenses                       1,127,062        1,003,391         123,671           12.3%


Total research and development expenses                          1,778,594        1,640,508         138,086             8.4%


Adjusted research and development expense2                       1,558,960        1,474,919          84,041             5.7%

1.      Our co-funding obligation for the development of the pipeline assets under the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
        December 31, 2023 totaled US$108.6 million, of which US$53.3 million was recorded as R&D expense. The remaining
        US$55.3 million was recorded as a reduction for the R&D cost share liability.


2.      Adjusted research and development expense is intended to provide investors and others with information about our
        performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential
        variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial
        Measures and Non-GAAP Reconciliation in this MD&A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these
        items.




150       BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The increase in external research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily
attributable to higher external clinical trial costs for BRUKINSA, on account of comparator drug purchases, and
due to a ramp up of clinical studies for sonrotoclax (BGB-11417) as well as clinical supply and preclinical trial costs
for certain other assets in our portfolio. The increase was partially offset by lower external clinical trial costs for
TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab) and ociperlimab due to certain studies winding down, lower upfront license fees under
collaboration agreements and a decrease in the expense recognized on co-development fees to Amgen.


Internal research and development expense increased by US$123.7 million, or 12.3%, to US$1.1 billion from
US$1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, and was primarily attributable to the expansion of our global
development organization and our clinical and preclinical drug candidates, as well as our continued efforts to
internalize research and clinical trial activities.


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

                                                               Year Ended December 31,                     Changes
                                                                      2023              2022             US$                 %
                                                                                 (US dollars in thousands)


Selling, general and administrative expense                      1,504,501        1,277,852          226,649            17.7%
Adjusted selling, general and administrative expense       1
                                                                 1,284,689        1,077,977          206,712            19.2%

1.    Adjusted selling, general and administrative expense is intended to provide investors and others with information about
      our performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential
      variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial
      Measures and Non-GAAP Reconciliation in this MD&A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these
      items.


Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$226.6 million, or 17.7%, to US$1.5 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2023, from US$1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily
attributable to the expansion of our commercial organizations primarily in the U.S. and Europe.


Interest Income, Net

Interest income, net increased by US$21.5 million, or 41.0%, to US$74.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2023, compared to US$52.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in interest income, net,
was primarily attributable to higher interest rates earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments
and lower interest expense due to an increase in interest capitalization related to the Hopewell construction.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT            151
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$307.9 million, primarily due to the noncash gain
of US$362.9 million recorded for the receipt of our ordinary shares as consideration for our settlement with BMS
and government subsidy income, partially offset by foreign exchange losses resulting from the strengthening of the
U.S. dollar compared to the RMB and the revaluation impact of RMB-denominated deposits held in U.S. functional
currency subsidiaries and unrealized losses on equity investments.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, other expense, net was US$223.9 million primarily related to foreign
exchange losses resulting from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and the revaluation impact of foreign currencies
held in U.S. functional currency subsidiaries and unrealized losses on our equity investments. These losses were
partially offset by increased income from government subsidies.


Income Tax Expense

Income tax expense was US$55.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared with US$42.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022. The income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily
attributable to current China tax expense for certain subsidiaries determined after non-deductible expenses and
current U.S. tax expense, as a result of capitalization and amortization of research and development expenditures
required pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 174. Other current tax expense was primarily attributable to
foreign non-creditable withholding taxes.


In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) enacted model rules
for a new global minimum tax framework (“BEPS Pillar Two”), and various governments around the world have
enacted, or are in the process of enacting legislation on this. While we do not anticipate that this will have a material
impact on our tax provision or effective tax rate, we will continue to monitor and assess pending legislation and
implementation by individual countries and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future periods.




152    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Non-GAAP Reconciliation


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                     (US dollars in thousands)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted cost of sales – products:
GAAP cost of sales – products                                                          379,920           286,475
Less: Depreciation                                                                        8,578                  –
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                         3,739             3,225


Adjusted cost of sales – products                                                      367,603           283,250


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted research and development:
GAAP research and development                                                         1,778,594        1,640,508
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                                163,550           139,348
Less: Depreciation                                                                       56,084           26,241


Adjusted research and development                                                     1,558,960        1,474,919


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted selling, general and administrative:
GAAP selling, general and administrative                                              1,504,501        1,277,852
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                                204,038           163,814
Less: Depreciation                                                                       15,774           36,061


Adjusted selling, general and administrative                                          1,284,689        1,077,977


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted operating expenses
GAAP operating expenses                                                               3,286,595        2,919,111
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                                367,588           303,162
Less: Depreciation                                                                       71,858           62,302
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                         3,500              751


Adjusted operating expenses                                                           2,843,649        2,552,896


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted loss from operations:
GAAP loss from operations                                                            (1,207,736)       (1,789,665)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                                367,588           303,162
Plus: Depreciation                                                                       80,436           62,302
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                                         7,239             3,976


Adjusted loss from operations                                                          (752,473)       (1,420,225)


                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          153
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments


As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments
primarily comprised of (i) approximately US$1.3 billion denominated in US dollar; (ii) approximately RMB13.0 billion
(equivalent to approximately US$1.8 billion) denominated in Renminbi; and (iii) approximately US$69.7 million
denominated in Euro, Australian dollar and other currencies.


Accounts receivable


Accounts receivable increased by 106.8% from US$173.2 million as of December 31, 2022 to US$358.0 million as
of December 31, 2023, primarily due to the increased sales of our internally-developed products and in-licensed
products.


Inventories


The inventories increased by 47.4% from US$282.3 million as of December 31, 2022 to US$416.1 million as of
December 31, 2023, primarily due to stock preparation for the increased sales of our internally-developed products.


Prepaid expenses and other current assets


Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased by 12.4% from US$216.6 million as of December 31, 2022 to
US$243.4 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to (i) the increase of prepaid taxes; (ii)
the increase of other receivables associated with the employee tax payments on share-based compensation.


Property and equipment, net


The property and equipment increased by 56.5% from US$845.9 million as of December 31, 2022 to US$1,324.2
million as of December 31, 2023, primarily attributable to our ongoing buildout of the Company’s manufacturing
and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell and the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities expansion.


Accounts payable


Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$315.1 million and US$294.8 million as of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.




154    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payable as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


Within 3 months                                                                            302,310           290,284
3 to 6 months                                                                                 8,205             2,570
6 months to 1 year                                                                            4,551             1,379
Over 1 year                                                                                      45               548


Total                                                                                      315,111           294,781


Accrued expenses and other payables


Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


Compensation related                                                                       217,803           184,775
External research and development activities related                                       162,969           139,168
Commercial activities                                                                        87,572            51,806
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                        30,083            18,815
Sales rebates and returns related                                                          139,936             41,817
Other                                                                                        55,368            30,971


Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                  693,731           467,352


Accrued expenses and other payables increased by 48.4% from US$467.4 million as of December 31, 2022 to
US$693.7 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to (i) the increase of sales rebates and
returns in line with increased sales volume of our internally developed products; (ii) the increase of commercial
activities with the expansion of our commercial organizations primarily in the U.S. and Europe; (iii) increased hiring
of more personnel to support the expansion of our global organization.


Debt


The company’s total debt increased by 64.6% from US$538.1 million as of December 31, 2022 to US$886.0 million
as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to the increase of short-term debt.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          155
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


The following table represents our cash, short-term investments, and debt balances as of December 31, 2023:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                             3,185,984        3,875,037
Short-term investments                                                                     2,600          665,251


Total debt                                                                              885,984           538,117


We have incurred annual net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, resulting from
the cost of funding our research and development programs and selling, general and administrative expenses
associated with our operations, as well as supporting the commercialization of our products globally. We incurred
net losses of US$0.9 billion and US$2.0 billion for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As
of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of US$8.0 billion.


To date, we have financed our operations principally through proceeds from public and private offerings of our
securities, proceeds from debt, sales of marketable securities and proceeds from our collaborations, together with
product sales since September 2017. Based on our current operating plan, we expect that our existing cash and
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure
requirements for at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements included in this annual
report are issued. We have also financed our operations and investments with proceeds from debt incurred
primarily from various banks both through our subsidiaries and BeiGene, Ltd. of US$886.0 million at December 31,
2023. The majority of those debt obligations, or approximately US$547.2 million, owed by BeiGene, Ltd., have due
dates within the next 12 months. We believe we will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents and other sources of
capital to be able to repay and/or refinance those debt obligations.


On December 15, 2021, we completed our initial public offering on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (the “STAR Offering”). The shares offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by
permitted investors in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”). The public offering
price of the RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per ordinary share, or US$391.68 per ADS. In this offering, we sold
115,055,260 ordinary shares. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses were
US$3.4 billion (RMB21.7 billion). As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering
must be used in compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as our proceeds
management policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2023, the
Company had cash remaining related to the STAR Offering proceeds of US$1.2 billion.




156    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                          (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                          3,875,037        4,382,887
Net cash used in operating activities                                                     (1,157,453)       (1,496,619)
Net cash provided by investing activities                                                     60,004        1,077,123
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                         416,478            (18,971)
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (8,082)          (69,383)


Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                  (689,053)         (507,850)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                                3,185,984        3,875,037


Operating Activities


Cash flows from operating activities is determined indirectly by taking net loss and adjusting for certain non-cash
items and changes in assets and liabilities related to operations.


Operating activities used US$1.2 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2023, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$881.7 million, and by an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities of US$370.5
million, partially offset by non-cash charges and adjustments of US$94.8 million. The non-cash charges and
adjustments were primarily driven by share-based compensation expense, charges for acquired in-process
research and development costs, and depreciation and amortization expense, offset by two non-cash gains related
to the share settlement from the BMS arbitration and amortization of the research and development cost share
liability. The increase in working capital was driven largely by increases in accounts receivable and inventory and
a decrease in deferred revenue, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other
current liabilities.


Operating activities used US$1.5 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$2.0 billion, inclusive of US$223.9 million of other losses due primarily to the strengthening
of the U.S. dollar and the related revaluation of foreign currencies held by U.S. functional currency subsidiaries,
partially offset by non-cash charges and adjustments of US$374.8 million, and by a decrease in our net operating
assets and liabilities of US$132.4 million. The non-cash charges and adjustments were primarily driven by share-
based compensation expense, charges for acquired in-process research and development costs, and depreciation
and amortization expense, offset by amortization of the research and development cost share liability. The decrease
in working capital was driven largely by decreases in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and an increase in
taxes payable, partially offset by a decrease in deferred revenue and an increase in inventories.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          157
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Investing Activities


Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures, investment purchases, sales,
maturities, and disposals, and upfront payments related to our collaboration agreements.


Investing activities provided US$60.0 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2023, consisting of US$673.2
million in sales and maturities of investment securities, partially offset by US$561.9 million of capital expenditures,
US$15.0 million upfront collaboration payments, US$19.4 million in purchases of intangible assets, US$14.9 million
in purchases of long-term investments and US$2.1 million in purchases of short-term investment securities.


Investing activities provided US$1.1 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of US$1.6
billion in sales and maturities of investment securities, partially offset by US$325.4 million of capital expenditures,
US$143.7 million upfront collaboration payments, US$15.9 million in purchases of long-term investments and
US$1.5 million in purchases of short-term investment securities.


Financing Activities


Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of issuance and repayment of short-term and long-term debt,
and proceeds from the sale of ADSs through employee equity compensation plans.


Financing activities provided US$416.5 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2023, consisting primarily
of US$661.5 million from proceeds of short-term loans, US$55.7 million from the exercise of employee share
options and proceeds from the issuance of shares through our employee share purchase plan and US$22.5 million
from proceeds of long-term bank loans, partially offset by US$309.6 million of repayments on short-term loans and
US$13.7 million of repayments on long-term bank loans. Our borrowing and repayment cycle is dictated by the
short – term maturities of our debt and the ability to increase our borrowings is dependent on interest rates, credit
spreads, bank lending capacity and other factors. We expect to repay approximately US$688.4 million of loans in
2024 and expect to be able to re-finance those on a consistent basis with our historical experience, with the cost of
those borrowings depending on prevailing interest rates and credit spreads.


Financing activities used US$19.0 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of
US$417.1 million of repayment of short-term loans, partially offset by US$313.8 million from proceeds of short-
term loans, US$47.0 million from the exercise of employee share options and proceeds from the issuance of shares
through our employee share purchase plan and US$37.4 million from proceeds of long-term bank loans.




158    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Effects of Exchange Rates on Cash


We have substantial operations in the PRC, which generate a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash
from product sales and require a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash to pay our obligations. Since the
reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar, periods of volatility in exchange rates may have a significant
impact on our consolidated cash balances denominated in U.S. dollar but do not affect the ability to pay our RMB-
denominated liabilities.


Future Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements


Our material cash requirements in the short- and long-term consist of the following operational, capital, and
manufacturing expenditures, a portion of which contain contractual or other obligations. We plan to fund our
material cash requirements with cash on hand.


CONTRACTUAL AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS


The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023:


                                                                                          Payments Due by Period
                                                                           Total          Short-term      Long-term
                                                                              (US dollars in thousands)


Contractual obligations:
Operating lease commitments                                              49,156              23,499          25,657
Purchase commitments                                                    169,212             140,775          28,437
Debt obligations                                                        885,984             688,366         197,618
Interest on debt                                                         32,101               8,939          23,162
Co-development funding commitment                                       483,651             137,809         345,842
Funding commitment                                                         8,905              2,213           6,692
Pension plan                                                             14,995               3,577          11,418
Capital commitments                                                     333,498             333,498                –


Total                                                                 1,977,502            1,338,676        638,826




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2023    ANNUAL REPORT       159
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Lease Commitments


We lease office or manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou in China; office facilities in
California, Massachusetts, Maryland, and New Jersey in the U.S.; and in Basel, Switzerland under non-cancelable
operating leases expiring on various dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on a straight-line basis
over the respective lease terms. The aggregate future minimum payments under these non-cancelable operating
leases are summarized in the table above.


Purchase Commitments


As of December 31, 2023, purchase commitments amounted to US$169.2 million, of which US$41.2 million
related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from CMOs and US$128.0 million related to
binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS and Amgen. We do not have any minimum purchase
requirements for inventory from BMS or Amgen.


Debt Obligations and Interest


Total debt obligations coming due in the next twelve months is US$688.4 million. Total long-term debt obligations
are US$197.6 million. We have numerous financial and non-financial covenants on our debt obligations with various
banks and other lenders. Some of these covenants include cross-default provisions that could require acceleration
of repayment of our loans in the event of default. However, our debt is primarily short-term in nature. Any
acceleration would be a matter of months but may impact our ability to refinance our debt obligations if an event of
default occurs. As of December 31, 2023, we are in compliance with all covenants of our material debt agreements.
See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further detail of our debt
obligations.


Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. For the purpose of contractual
obligations calculation, current interest rates on floating rate obligations were used for the remainder contractual life
of the outstanding borrowings.


Co-Development Funding Commitments


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we are responsible for co-funding global clinical development costs for
the licensed oncology pipeline assets, up to a total cap of US$1.25 billion. We are funding our portion of the co-
development costs by contributing cash and/or development services. As of December 31, 2023, our remaining co-
development funding commitment was US$483.7 million.




160    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Funding Commitment


Funding commitment represents our committed capital related to two of our equity method investments in the
amount of US$15.1 million. As of December 31, 2023, our remaining capital commitment was US$8.9 million and is
expected to be paid from time to time over the investment period.


Pension Plan


We maintain a defined benefit pension plan in Switzerland. Funding contributions under the defined benefit pension
plan are equivalent to US$3.6 million per year based on annual funding contributions in effect as of December 31,
2023 to achieve fully funded status where the market value of plan assets equals the projected benefit obligations.
Future funding requirements will be subject to change as a result of future changes in staffing and compensation
levels, various actuarial assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.


Capital Commitments


We had capital commitments amounting to US$333.5 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as
of December 31, 2023, which were mainly for our manufacturing and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell, New Jersey,
additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities, and a new building for Beijing Innerway
Bio-tech Co., Ltd.


We are making a significant investment in our future manufacturing facility in the U.S., a 42-acre site that is being
constructed in Hopewell, New Jersey. We purchased this site for US$75.2 million, announced its groundbreaking
on April 29, 2022 and have US$502.4 million of construction in process related to the project as of December 31,
2023.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES


Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and
judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our estimates on
historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Certain of these estimates are considered critical as they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and
have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our critical
accounting estimates are summarized below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this
Annual Report for a description of our significant accounting policies.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023      ANNUAL REPORT      161
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue Recognition


We recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods or services to our customers. Revenue is measured as
the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods and services. We generate revenue from
product sales and revenue transactions with our collaboration partners.


Product Revenue

To determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct
customer, we estimate any rebates, chargebacks or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and
other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in
making these estimates. We include variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that
a significant reversal will not occur and estimate variable consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts
and allowances, sales returns allowances, and other incentives using the expected value method.


Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government and
commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of NRDL pricing, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,
sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and our
customers, health care providers and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into
consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical
experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events
and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns.


We base our sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by third-
party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly launched products
where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially calculated based on
benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or benchmarking data we use
to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a change in the allowance would be made
in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues in that period could be materially affected. Any
changes from the historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return allowance. To date,
sales returns have not been significant.


Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from our estimates. We will reassess estimates
for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we will adjust these
estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


Collaboration Revenue

Our collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation, including
grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreements to provide research and development services and
other deliverables. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require
significant judgments to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the
contract.




162    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Standalone selling prices for licenses of intellectual property and the right to access and use intellectual property
during an option period performance obligations are determined based on the probability-weighted present value
of forecasted cash flows associated with the intellectual property. Stand-alone selling prices for research and
development services performance obligations are based on the present value of estimated clinical trial costs plus
a reasonable margin.


The estimates of standalone selling prices involve management’s key assumptions such as revenue growth rate,
estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory success, and discount rates.
These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic, regulatory and market
conditions.


At December 31, 2023, our existing deferred revenue balance was less than $1.0 million, and collaboration revenue
is not expected to be a significant driver of our financial results until if and when additional agreements are entered
into.


Measurement of Research and Development Expenses

Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We have a history of
contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development
of our product candidates. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates of the actual
services performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for
instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the
related accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in
the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


The process of estimating our external research and development expenses involves reviewing open contracts and
purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf
and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not
yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears
for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some
require advanced payments. We make estimates of our expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial
statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services
performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting
expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments
to our prior estimates of research and development expenses.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          163
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Measurement of Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years.
Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these
future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources,
including reversal of temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies.
These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including historical
experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


Subsequent Measurement of Long-Lived Assets

We test long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives,
for impairment at least annually and whenever events or circumstances change that indicate impairment may have
occurred. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred.
Such indicators may include, among others and without limitation: a significant decline in our expected future
cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in the trading prices of our ADSs, our ordinary shares, and/or our RMB
Shares and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate of our
segment; unanticipated competition; and slower growth rates. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
we determined there was no impairment of the value of our long-lived assets.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements.


INTEREST AND CREDIT RISK


Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
short term investments and accounts receivable.


We had cash and cash equivalents of US$3.2 billion and US$3.9 billion, restricted cash of US$14.2 million and
US$5.5 million, and short-term investments of US$2.6 million and US$0.7 billion, at December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents are deposited with various major reputable global financial institutions.
The deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the
event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full. We
believe that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, and we continually monitor the credit worthiness of
these financial institutions.




164     BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity, and maximize income
without significantly increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk relates to fluctuations in the interest rates,
which are affected by changes in the general level of PRC and U.S. interest rates. Given the short-term nature of
our cash equivalents, we believe that a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a
material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operation. We estimate that a hypothetical 100-basis
point increase or decrease in market interest rates would result in a decrease of US$0.1 million or increase of
US$0.1 million, respectively, in the fair value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2023.


We are exposed to risk related to changes in interest rates on our outstanding borrowings. We had US$574.1
million of outstanding floating rate debt as of December 31, 2023. A 100-basis point increase in interest rates as of
December 31, 2023 would increase our annual pre-tax interest expense by approximately US$5.7 million.


We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments have significant risk of default or
illiquidity. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments do not contain excessive risk,
we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future investments will not be subject to adverse changes in
market value.


We had accounts receivable, net of US$358.0 million and US$173.2 million at December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales and amounts due from our
collaboration partners. We monitor economic conditions to identify facts or circumstances that may indicate
receivables are at risk of collection. To date, we have not experienced any significant losses with respect to the
collection of our accounts receivable.


CURRENCY CONVERTIBILITY RISK


A significant portion of our expenses, assets, and liabilities are denominated in RMB. In 1994, the PRC government
abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the People’s Bank
of China (the “PBOC”). However, the unification of exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may be readily
convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place
either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted
by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a
payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.


Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international economic
and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           165
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK


We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Our reporting currency is the U.S.
dollar, but a portion of our operating transactions and assets and liabilities are in other currencies, such as RMB,
Euro, and Australian dollar.


RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value of RMB against
the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic
conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. Since 2005, the RMB has been permitted to fluctuate within a
narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. The RMB compared to the U.S. dollar
depreciated approximately 2.8% and depreciated approximately 8.2% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the
exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for capital expenditures, working capital and other
business purposes, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount
we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business
purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount
available to us.


In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our foreign cash balances and trade receivables. Further, volatility in exchange rate fluctuations may
have a significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income
(loss). We have not used derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign exchange risk.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION


Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical development costs. We do not believe that
inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2023.


GEARING RATIO


The gearing ratio of the Company, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 25.0% as of December 31, 2023, representing an increase from 12.3% as of December 31,
2022. The increase was primarily due to the increase of short-term debt and accumulated deficit.




166    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD


We are making a significant investment in our future manufacturing facility in the U.S., a 42-acre site that is being
constructed in Hopewell, New Jersey. We purchased this site for $75.2 million, announced its groundbreaking on
April 29, 2022 and have $502.4 million of construction in process related to the project as of December 31, 2023.


Except as disclosed above, we did not hold any other significant investments as of December 31, 2023.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not have other plans for material
investments and capital assets as of December 31, 2023.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES


During the year ended December 31, 2023, we did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY


As of December 31, 2023, we had a global team of close to 10,500 employees, which increased from 9,000
employees as of December 31, 2022. Most of our employees are full-time.


The remuneration policy and package of the Company’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash
compensation and benefits, we may issue share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted
share units, unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to
our employees in accordance with our equity plans. We also provide external and internal training programs to our
employees. The packages were set by benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies of similar
size. The total remuneration cost incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$1.6
billion (2022: US$1.4 billion).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          167
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLEDGE OF ASSETS


As of December 31, 2023, we pledged restricted deposits of US$14.2 million (December 31, 2022: US$5.5 million)
primarily consist of cash deposits held in designated bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit and letters of
guarantee, and land use right and certain property, plant and equipments with a total carrying amount of US$200.4
million (December 31, 2022: US$123.9 million) were secured for long-term bank loans.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES


As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2022: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023.




168    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board of Directors (“Board”) consists of eleven Directors, comprising one executive Director, one non-executive
Director, and nine independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about our
Directors as of April 17, 2024:


Name                                     Age       Position


Mr. John V. Oyler                        56        Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                        61        Non-executive Director
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt                  68        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                   67        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                     79        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                       49        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                    69        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                     50        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Alessandro Riva                      63        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          67        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                          52        Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 56, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. He has served
as a member of the Board since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was acquired by Pharmaceutical
Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive Officer of Galenea Corp., a
biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central nervous system diseases,
which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Oyler was a
Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in 2007. From 1997 to
1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Inc., an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical
company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management consultant at McKinsey &
Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in June 1990 and an MBA
from Stanford University in January 1996. We believe that Mr. Oyler’s extensive leadership, executive, managerial,
business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company experience, along with his years of industry experience
in the development of pharmaceutical products qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         169
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Xiaodong Wang , Ph.D., aged 61, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of the Board since February
2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang has served as
the founding Co-Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and became its
Director and Investigator in 2010. In addition, Dr. Wang has served as a Chair Professor at Tsinghua University
since 2020. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator from 1997 to 2010 and held the
position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical Sciences at the University
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr. Wang founded Joyant
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the development of small
molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang serves as a non-executive director and member of the compensation
committee of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd. (HKEx: 2197). Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing
Normal University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a
foreign associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience
in cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualifies him to serve as a member
of the Board.




170    BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt , aged 68, has served as a member of the Board since January 2024. Dr. Brandicourt
has served as a Senior Advisor at Blackstone Life Sciences, a private equity segment of The Blackstone Group
that invests within the life science sector, since November 2019. Dr. Brandicourt currently serves on the boards
of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing
novel therapeutics based on RNAi; BenevolentAI S.A., a Euronext-listed clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery
company; and Dewpoint Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held condensate biotechnology company. He also serves
as chair of the board of AvenCell Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held leading clinical-stage cell therapy company
focused on advancing both switchable and allogeneic engineered CAR-T cell therapies. Dr. Brandicourt has
over 30 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry, including as a senior leader of three global
pharmaceutical companies. From April 2015 to August 2019, Dr. Brandicourt served as Chief Executive Officer and
a member of the board of directors of Sanofi S.A.. Prior to Sanofi, he was the Chief Executive Officer and Chair of
Bayer HealthCare AG from November 2013 to March 2015. From 2000 to 2013, Dr. Brandicourt served in various
operational and managerial positions at Pfizer Inc., including as a member of the Executive Leadership Team
and President and General Manager of the Emerging Markets and Established Products Business Units. During
his tenure at Sanofi, Dr. Brandicourt was elected Chairman of the Board of Management of the Pharmaceutical
Research and Manufacturers of America in 2019 and Vice-President of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical
Industries and Associations, serving from 2017 to 2019. He is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians
in London. Dr. Brandicourt studied medicine in Paris where he specialized in Infectious Diseases and Tropical
Medicine and holds a Master’s Degree in Biology from Paris XII University and an Advanced Degree in Cellular and
Immunological Pathophysiology from the Paris Descartes University. We believe that Dr. Brandicourt’s extensive
global operational, commercial and senior management experience in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve
on the Board.


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan , aged 67, has served as a member of the Board since February 1, 2022. Dr. Dugan is
currently Chief Medical Officer at Schrodinger, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: SDGR), and
Medical Consultant at Dracen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately held pharmaceutical company based in New York
that leverages immuno-metabolism in oncology. She joined Dracen in 2018 with more than 20 years of experience
in oncology and previously held senior leadership roles at Novartis Oncology, including Senior Vice President and
Global Program Head, developing innovative medicines for patients. Dr. Dugan also held several development
positions at Schering-Plough (now Merck & Co.) and American Cyanamid (now Pfizer). Dr. Dugan received her B.A.
and medical degrees in hematology and oncology from New York University. We believe that Dr. Dugan’s extensive
scientific and leadership experience in the healthcare sector qualifies her to serve on, and contributes to the
diversity of, the Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         171
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Donald W. Glazer , aged 79, has served as a member of the Board since February 2013. Mr. Glazer has served
as a member of the Board of Trustees of GMO Trust, a mutual fund group, since 2000 and as the Chairman of
the board of GMO Trust since 2005. Mr. Glazer was a Co-Founder and Secretary, and from 2002 until 2010, Vice
Chairman, of Provant, Inc., a provider of performance improvement training solutions. From 1992 to 1995 Mr.
Glazer was President of Mugar/Glazer Holdings and from 1992 to 1993 served as Vice Chairman-Finance of New
England Television Corp. and WHDH-TV, Inc. From 1997 to the present, Mr. Glazer has served as Advisory Counsel
to the law firm Goodwin Procter LLP. From 1970 to 1978 Mr. Glazer was an associate and from 1978 to 1992 a
partner at the law firm Ropes & Gray LLP. At Ropes & Gray, Mr. Glazer chaired the firm’s Emerging Companies
Group. Mr. Glazer was also a Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School from 1978 to 1991, teaching a course called
The Business Lawyer. In addition to Provant, Inc. and New England Television Corp., Mr. Glazer is a former member
of the boards of directors of Environics Inc.; Kronos Incorporated; Reflective Technologies, Inc.; and Teleco Oilfield
Services Inc. Mr. Glazer received his A.B. from Dartmouth College in June 1966; J.D. from Harvard Law School in
June 1969, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review; and L.L.M. from the University of Pennsylvania Law
School in May 1970. Additionally, Mr. Glazer is a co-author of both Glazer and FitzGibbon on Legal Opinions, Third
Edition (Aspen Publishers) and Massachusetts Corporation Law & Practice, Second Edition (Aspen Publishers).
We believe that Mr. Glazer’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his extensive leadership, executive,
managerial, business, and corporate legal experience.


Mr. Michael Goller , aged 49, has served as a member of the Board since April 2015. Mr. Goller is a Partner at
Baker Brothers Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of JPMorgan
Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Goller
began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller serves on the
board of directors of DBV Technologies SA, a company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris. From 2017
to 2019, he served on the board of directors of Levo Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Goller received a B.S. in Molecular
and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997, and a Master’s in both Biotechnology
(School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton School) from the University of
Pennsylvania in May 2005. We believe that Mr. Goller is qualified to serve on the Board based on his experience in
the life sciences industry and for his knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper , aged 69, has served as a member of the Board since January 2020. Mr. Hooper retired
from Amgen in January 2020, where he was Executive Vice President from September 2018 to January 2020,
and Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations from 2011 to August 2018. From 2010 to 2011, Mr.
Hooper was Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations and President, U.S., Japan and Intercontinental of
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS). From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Hooper was President, Americas of BMS. From
2004 to 2009, Mr. Hooper was President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals, Worldwide Pharmaceuticals Group, a division of
BMS. Prior to that, Mr. Hooper held various senior leadership positions at BMS. Prior to joining BMS, Mr. Hooper
was Assistant Vice President of Global Marketing for Wyeth Laboratories. Mr. Hooper earned law and MBA degrees
from the University of South Africa in 1978 and 1988 respectively. Mr. Hooper serves on the board of MannKind
Corporation, a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MNKD). Mr. Hooper is a consultant of Amgen.
We believe Mr. Hooper’s extensive experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and broad international
experience in pharmaceutical commercial operations qualify him to serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the
Board.




172      BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Ranjeev Krishana , aged 50, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014 and as our Lead Director
since February 2020. Mr. Krishana has worked at Baker Bros. Advisors LP, from 2011 to the present and currently
serves as Partner. Prior to joining Baker Bros., Mr. Krishana held a series of commercial, strategy, and business
development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across a variety of international regions and
markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was at Pfizer from 2003 to 2007 and from
2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China, where he served as a Senior Director
and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his career as a strategy consultant at
Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Brown University in May 1995,
and a Master’s of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2001. We believe Mr. Krishana’s knowledge of the
healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on the Board.


Dr. Alessandro Riva , aged 63, has served as a member of the Board since February 1, 2022. From 2021 to 2023,
Dr. Riva served as Chief Executive Officer of Intima Bioscience, Inc., a privately held clinical stage gene and cell
therapy company. From 2019 to 2021, he served as Chief Executive Officer at privately held Ichnos Sciences,
where he built a biotechnology company focused on bi- and tri-specific antibodies in oncology and biologics
in autoimmune diseases. From 2017 to 2019, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology
Therapeutics and Cell & Gene Therapy at Gilead Sciences, where he was instrumental in the acquisition of Kite
Pharma. Prior to Gilead, from 2005 to 2016, Dr. Riva was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology
Development and Medical Affairs at Novartis Pharmaceuticals, where he contributed significantly to the Oncology
Business Unit and the Cell and Gene Therapy Unit. He was also interim President of Novartis Oncology during
the acquisition of GSK Oncology. Dr. Riva is currently on the board of directors of Century Therapeutics, Inc., a
NASDAQ-listed biotechnology company developing innovative iPSC-derived NK and T cell therapies. Dr. Riva is
also serving as the chairman of the board of directors and CEO of Transgene SA (Euronext Paris: TNG, Paris: TNG),
a listed immunotherapy biotech company that designs and develops therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic viruses
against cancer. He previously held roles at Farmitalia Carlo Erba, Rhône-Poulenc Rorer and Aventis and co-founded
the Breast Cancer International Research Group (BCIRG) and the Cancer International Research Group (CIRG),
where he served as Chief Executive Officer. He received his M.D. in medicine and surgery from the University of
Milan and a certificate board in oncology and hematology from the same institution. We believe that Dr. Riva’s
extensive scientific and management experience in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on, and contributes
to the diversity of, the Board.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          173
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders , aged 67, has served as a member of the Board since August 2020. Dr. Sanders
most recently served as an Interim Transition Advisor to the Global Development Group of Bristol Myers Squibb
Corporation from November 2019, following its acquisition of Celgene Corporation, until February 2020. Previously,
Dr. Sanders served as a Strategic Advisor to the Office of the Celgene Chief Medical Officer from March 2018
to November 2019. From January 2017 to March 2018, she was a member of the Juno Therapeutics Executive
Committee as Executive Vice President of Development Operations, with responsibilities for strategic operations,
quantitative sciences, biosample and clinical operations. From 1994 to 2017, Dr. Sanders held leadership positions
at Genentech/Roche, including as a member of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Portfolio Committee, Global Head
of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Clinical Operations, Global Head of the Genentech/Roche Biometrics group,
and Genentech Head of DATA (Design, Analysis, Technology & Administration) prior to the Roche acquisition.
Dr. Sanders currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research
Center in Seattle, WA, and as a director of the following biotechnology companies: Molecular Templates Inc.
(NASDAQ: MTEM), Legend Biotech Corporation (NASDAQ: LEGN), AltruBio Inc. (formerly AbGenomics) (privately
held), and Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: RARE). Dr. Sanders earned her B.S. and M.S. in statistics,
graduating Magna Cum Laude from the University of the Philippines, and her M.A. and Ph.D. in statistics from the
Wharton Doctoral Program at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Dr. Sanders’ extensive experience
and knowledge in the healthcare sector and her scientific and leadership experience qualify her to serve on, and
contributes to the diversity of, the Board.


Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 52, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014. Mr. Yi serves as a non-
executive director of JD Health International Inc. (HKEx: 6618). Mr. Yi is a Partner at Hillhouse Capital. He has
worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse, Mr. Yi was an Equity
Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse includes investments in
the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi received a B.S. degree
in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University of Southern California
in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of the healthcare sector
qualifies him to serve on the Board.




174    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The following table provides information about members of our senior management, as of April 17, 2024, other than
Mr. John Oyler, who is included above as an executive Director:


Name                                  Age        Position


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.                     62         President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China
Julia Wang                            53         Chief Financial Officer
Lai Wang, Ph.D.                       47         Global Head of R&D
Chan Lee                              56         Senior Vice President and General Counsel


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. , aged 62, joined our Company in April 2018 as our President and General Manager of China and
has been appointed to an additional position of Chief Operating Officer, effective April 1, 2021. He has more than
25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 17 years leading China operations of multinational
companies, with expertise in research and development, strategy, commercialization and general management.
Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to
April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018.
Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth to become a leading multinational pharmaceutical
company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President and Managing Director of Wyeth China and Hong
Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as the General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China
from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales and marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu served as
a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical Association Committee (RDPAC) in China from 2008 to 2018
and as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber of Commerce of China’s National Association of Industry
& Commerce from 2015 to 2018. Dr. Wu currently serves on the board of directors of Clover Biopharmaceuticals,
Ltd., a company listed on the HKEx.. He is also a research fellow at the Research Center of National Drug Policy
and Ecosystem (NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China. In addition to his duties in industry
associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards, including most recently “Person of the Year” in
Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese Healthcare Industry” and the
“2017 Social Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Pharmacology and
a Diploma in Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the University of Konstanz in Germany.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT            175
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Julia Wang , aged 53, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Ms. Wang joined our Company in
June 2020 as Senior Vice President, Enterprise Optimization and Deputy CFO. Prior to joining BeiGene, from 2018
to 2020, Ms. Wang served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Finance and Corporate Planning at Alexion
Pharmaceuticals, a rare disease biopharmaceutical company operating in more than 50 countries. From 2015 to
2018, she held leadership positions at Quest Diagnostics, including Vice President of U.S. Regional Finance and
Enterprise Commercial, and Vice President of Finance, Value Creation. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Wang held senior
leadership roles at Johnson & Johnson (J&J) as CFO of various operating businesses, including Xian-Janssen,
J&J’s pharmaceutical business in China. Previously, she also led finance initiatives at PepsiCo.. Ms. Wang received
an MBA from Fuqua School of Business at Duke University in 1999 and a BA in British Language and Literature
from Shandong Normal University in 1992.


Lai Wang, Ph.D., aged 47, has served as our Global Head of R&D since April 2021. Dr. Wang joined our Company
in May 2011 with increasing responsibilities over the years and most recently as Senior Vice President, Head of
Global Research, Clinical Operation & Biometrics and APAC Clinical Development. Dr. Wang has over 20 years of
experience in the oncology field and over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in both research
and development. Prior to joining us, Dr. Wang was the director of research at Joyant Pharmaceuticals, a biotech
company based in Dallas, Texas. Dr. Wang received his B.S. from Fudan University in 1996 and Ph.D. from
University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio in 2001.


Chan Lee, aged 56, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since July 2022. He has more
than 25 years of experience in the bio-pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining BeiGene, Mr. Lee served as North
America General Counsel and Head of Legal for the Specialty Care Global Business Unit at Sanofi from 2016 to
2022, responsible for the legal oversight of Sanofi’s operations in the U.S. and Canada and Specialty Care business
globally. Prior to Sanofi, Mr. Lee held roles of increasing responsibility at Pfizer from 2008 to 2016, most notably
as Chief Counsel for Pfizer’s Innovative Health global business. He also served as Chief Counsel for the Vaccines,
Oncology and Consumer Health global businesses at Pfizer, as well as Assistant General Counsel for Asia
operations. Mr. Lee earned his J.D. from the University of California at Berkeley and his B.S. in applied economics
from Cornell University.




176    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51(B) (1) OF
THE HK LISTING RULES


Upon specific inquiry by the Company and following confirmations from Directors, except as disclosed hereunder,
there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51(B)
(1) of the HK Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report. The
change of Director’s information is set out below.


Directors                          Changes in Positions held with the Company


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper              Redesignated as an independent non-executive Director effective April 17, 2023
                                   and remains as a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and
                                   Corporate Governance Committee and the chair of the Commercial and Medical
                                   Affairs Advisory Committee; appointed as the chair of the Audit Committee
                                   effective September 13, 2023.


Mr. Thomas Malley                  Ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee effective September
                                   13, 2023 but remains a member of the Audit Committee; resigned as an
                                   independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee and
                                   the Scientific Advisory Committee effective January 22, 2024.


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt            Appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   Audit Committee effective January 23, 2024; appointed as a member of the
                                   Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective March 19, 2024.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         177
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group, for the year ended December 31, 2023.


GENERAL INFORMATION


The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the
HKEx since August 8, 2018 under the stock code 06160. The Company’s ADSs have been listed on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market since February 3, 2016 under the symbol “BGNE”. The Company’s ordinary shares traded
in Renminbi (RMB Shares) have been publicly traded on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange in China under the stock code “688235” since December 15, 2021.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES


The Company is a global oncology company discovering and developing innovative treatments that are more
accessible and affordable to cancer patients worldwide. The Company has built substantial commercial
capabilities in China and the United States and commercial capabilities in Europe, Canada and Australia. The
Company currently market three internally discovered oncology medicines and also market or plan to market
additional oncology products in China licensed from Amgen, Novartis, BMS, and EUSA Pharma; and have entered
collaborations with Novartis Pharma AG for Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab and
ociperlimab in North America, Europe and Japan. The analysis of the Group’s revenues and contribution to results
are set out in Note 3 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW


The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on
page 180 to page 183 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders will be
included in our “Responsible Business & Sustainability Report” published on the same day as this annual report.
The review and discussion form part of this Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL


Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.




178    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSIDIARIES


Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 141 of this annual
report.


RESULTS


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss on page 276 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS


For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately
61.3% of the Group’s product revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 16.0%
of the Group’s product revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2023 the Company’s collaboration revenue
consisted primarily of revenue recognized under its out-licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis; and for
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company’s collaboration revenue consisted entirely of revenue recognized
under its out-licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s
sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately 69.0% of the Group’s product revenue and the
Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 18.1% of the Group’s product revenue.


For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 26.4% and 23.9% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the
Group for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 accounted for approximately 8.0% and 12.0% of the
Group’s total purchases, respectively.


During the year ended December 31, 2023, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors owns more than 5% of our issued share capital, had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT      179
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE


The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment, giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments are
set out in the Company’s Responsible Business & Sustainability Report published on the same day as this annual
report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS


During the year ended December 31, 2023, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material respects.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD


Mr. Thomas Malley resigned as an independent non-executive Director on January 22, 2024. In connection with
his resignation from the Board, Mr. Thomas Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee and the Scientific
Advisory Committee of the Board. Effective as of January 23, 2024, the Board appointed Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
as an independent non-executive Director to fill the vacancy arising from the resignation of Mr. Thomas Malley. In
connection with his appointment to the Board, effective as of January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt has been
appointed to serve as a member of the Audit Committee. Effective on March 19, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt has
been appointed as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. For further details, please
refer to the announcements of the Company dated January 23, 2024 and March 21, 2024.


Except as disclosed above, there were no important events affecting the Group which occurred after the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES


As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•     Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
      third-party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


•     We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
      we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
      to market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


•     We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
      competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


•     The market opportunities for our medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have
      failed prior treatments and may be small.



180       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to
    achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement or are subject to unfavorable pricing
    regulations, our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.


•   Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
    earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


•   If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
    authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
    in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
    candidates.


•   If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
    delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


•   All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
    products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with
    such regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


•   The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
    regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience
    delays or are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be
    substantially harmed.


•   Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
    and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
    to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
    medicines and drug candidates.


•   We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and expect to incur net losses in the future and
    may not become profitable.


•   We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
    financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT          181
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•     If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates through
      intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights is not sufficiently broad, third
      parties may compete against us.


•     We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business
      could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at
      acceptable quality levels or prices.


•     We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
      licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
      arrangements.


•     If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
      adversely affected.


•     If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results could be
      adversely affected.


•     If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
      benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


•     We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
      and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


•     Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
      personnel.


•     Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the
      collection and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be stringent and many are subject
      to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business
      practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.




182    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•       We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
        Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays
        in completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of
        or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


•       Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and
        the United States or other governments and the oversight and discretion the PRC government has over the
        conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our business,
        financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and
        expansion strategies.


•       The audit reports included in our previous annual reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC have historically
        been prepared by auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board,
        and as such, investors have previously been deprived of the benefits of such inspections.


•       The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
        substantial losses to you.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS


Use of Net Proceeds from Amgen


On January 2, 2020, the Company sold 15,895,001 ADSs, representing 206,635,013 ordinary shares of the
Company and approximately 20.5% ownership stake in the Company’s outstanding shares as at the same date,
to Amgen for aggregate cash proceeds of US$2,779,241,000, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant to the Amgen SPA
(as amended) executed in connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. The subscription price represents:
(a) a 36% premium to the 30-day volume weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs as of October 30, 2019,
the day prior to the date of the Amgen SPA; (b) assuming a conversion rate of US$1.00: HK$7.84, a 26% premium
to the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares as quoted on the HKEx on October 31, 2019, the date of the
Amgen SPA; and (c) a 26% premium to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ on October 31,
2019.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          183
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out
in the proxy statement/circular of the Company dated November 29, 2019. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2023:


                                                                             Actual            Actual     Unutilized net
                                                                       usage up to       usage up to proceeds as of
                                        Planned                      December 31,      December 31,      December 31,
                                  applications       Percentage                2022              2023              2023
                                    (US dollars       of total net      (US dollars       (US dollars        (US dollars
Use of proceeds                  in thousands)     proceeds (%)      in thousands)      in thousands)     in thousands)


To fund business
  operations(a)                      2,779,241          100.00%           2,080,068         2,229,632           549,609

Note (a):   To fund the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement by contributing cash
            and development services up to a total cap of approximately US$1.25 billion, the development, manufacturing
            and commercialization of the Company’s internally developed drug candidates, expansion of the Company’s
            commercialization activities, and for future capacity expansion and general corporate use, as appropriate, as
            previously disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated November 29, 2019.


The Company plans to gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with such intended purposes
depending on actual business, which is expected to be fully utilized by 2026. For further details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated November 1, 2019, December 9, 2019, and January 3, 2020.


On September 24, 2020, the Company entered into the Restated Second Amendment to amend the Amgen
SPA. Pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment, the Company granted Amgen the Direct Purchase Option to
subscribe for Additional Shares in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its
ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s outstanding share capital. The Direct Purchase Option is
exercisable on a monthly basis but only if Amgen’s interest in the outstanding share capital of the Company at the
monthly reference date drops below 20.4% solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by the
Company under its equity incentive plans from time to time. The aggregate number of Additional Shares shall not
exceed 75,000,000 shares during the term of the Direct Purchase Option.




184     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The purchase price for the Additional Shares will be the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs
for the 90 days preceding the last trading day of the prior month. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen owns less
than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s sale of shares; (b) at least 60-
day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes to terminate the Direct
Purchase Option; or (c) the third anniversary of the date on which the exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commences. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting period.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 18, 2020, September 25, 2020
and the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated October 9, 2020.


In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate
of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of US$50,000,000
in a private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment. As of December 31, 2022, net proceeds
amounting to US$50,000,000 had been fully utilized. Amgen did not exercise the Direct Purchase Option during the
Reporting Period.


Use of Net Proceeds from STAR Offering


On December 15, 2021, the Company completed the STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The shares
offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in China in Renminbi
(“RMB Shares”) pursuant to the general mandate to issue shares, which was approved by the shareholders at the
Company’s 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders held on June 16, 2021. The public offering price of the
RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per RMB Share, which equates to HK$234.89 per ordinary share and US$391.68
per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 RMB Shares. The RMB Shares are not fungible with
the ordinary shares of the Company listed on the HKEx or with the ADSs representing the Company’s ordinary
shares listed on the NASDAQ. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commission and offering expenses were
US$3,392,616,000. The net proceeds from the STAR Offering have been and will be utilized in accordance with the
purposes set out in the prospectus of the STAR Offering (the “STAR Prospectus”), including (i) clinical development
and research project, (ii) research and development center construction, (iii) bio-manufacturing plant construction,
(iv) sales and marketing force expansion, and (v) working capital and general corporate purposes. On November
10, 2023, the Board approved to adjust the amount of proceeds to be invested in each subcategory projects under
the “clinical development and research project”. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the
STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the STAR Prospectus as
well as the Company’s proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering approved by the Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT         185
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November 16, 2020, January 29, 2021, April
20, 2021, May 14, 2021, June 1, 2021, June 21, 2021, June 28, 2021, June 30, 2021, July 9, 2021, July 28, 2021,
October 15, 2021, November 16, 2021, November 23, 2021, November 24, 2021, November 29, 2021, November
30, 2021, December 2, 2021, December 6, 2021, December 7, 2021, December 13, 2021, December 21, 2021,
December 28, 2021, April 29, 2022, June 27, 2022, August 30, 2022, September 28, 2022, April 25, 2023, August
29, 2023, November 13, 2023 and the circular dated April 30, 2021 of the Company.


As of December 31, 2023, net proceeds amounting to RMB13.7 billion had been utilized, and the remaining RMB8.0
billion will be gradually utilized in accordance with such intended purposes depending on actual business needs,
and are expected to be fully utilized within five years after the completion of STAR Offering. The table below sets
out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2023:


                                                                                  Actual             Actual     Unutilized net
                                                                            usage up to        usage up to proceeds as of
                                                             Planned     December 31,        December 31,       December 31,
Use of proceeds                                         applications                2022               2023               2023
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


Clinical Development and Research Projects                13,245,940          4,499,849          7,169,470           6,076,470
R&D Center Construction                                      467,700            376,601            434,188              33,512
Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction                           150,000            153,451            153,451               (3,451)*
Sales & Marketing Force Expansion                            136,360              71,580           110,240              26,120
Replenishment of Working Capital                           6,000,000          2,662,674          4,832,281           1,167,719
Excess of Proceeds                                         1,630,155            489,000            978,000             652,155


Total                                                     21,630,155          8,253,155         13,677,630           7,952,525


*       The excess over the planned applications for Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction was provided by interest income from the
        STAR Offering proceeds.




186      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES


The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that we currently intend to retain all available funds and
earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to applicable law and our Articles, any future determination to pay
dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may be based on a number of factors, including our future
operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. This dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on our
financial and cash flow position. We intend to continue to review our dividend policy from time to time, and there
can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.


We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. If we pay dividends
in the future, in order for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders and holders of ADSs, we may rely to some
extent on dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, and such distributions will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In addition, PRC
regulations currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated distributable after-
tax profits, as determined in accordance with our Articles and the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC.


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023.


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 279 and in Note 29 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively, among which the information of the distributable reserves is set forth in Note 29
to the consolidated financial statements.


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2023
are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS


The Group had US$886.0 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2023 (2022: US$538.1 million).




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT       187
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DONATION


During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$5.4 million
(2022: approximately US$6.8 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED


The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2023.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS


On March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”)
to the Amgen SPA as amended, by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. The Second Amendment was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in an
amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of
our outstanding shares. In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company
issued an aggregate of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration
of US$50 million, in a private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment.


Except as disclosed above and in the section headed “Share Schemes”, no equity-linked agreements were entered
into by the Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2023.




188    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS


The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report
are:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-Executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent Non-Executive Directors


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 1)
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Note 2)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi

Notes:


(1)    Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director.


(2)    The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive Director effective from April 17, 2023. For
       the period up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the Company.


*      On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The
       decision by Mr. Malley to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices
       of the Company. There is no matter in respect of Mr. Malley’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
       shareholders of the Company or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In connection with his resignation from the
       Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT             189
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2026 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2024 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2025 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board’s nominees for
election by the shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting are the current Class II members: Mr. Donald W.
Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was
appointed to the Board in January 2024 by the Board through the filling of a vacancy, as permitted by our Articles.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board nominates Dr.
Olivier Brandicourt for election by the shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders to serve
as a Class II Director. If elected, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt will serve as a Director until the annual general meeting
of shareholders in 2027 and until his successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to his earlier resignation or
removal.


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt confirms that he (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the HK
Listing Rules on January 12, 2024, and (ii) understands his obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the HK
Listing Rules.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the Company considers all of the independent
non-executive Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed “Directors
and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION


Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, receives no compensation
for his service as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board,
also receives no compensation for his service as a Director.




190    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an Independent Director Compensation Policy, which was most recently amended on March
19, 2024 by the Board. The amended Independent Director Compensation Policy is part of a total compensation
package designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high caliber independent Directors
as defined under the listing rule of NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ Listing Rules”). Under the amended Independent
Director Compensation Policy, all independent Directors, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, are paid cash
compensation as set forth below, including an annual cash retainer of US$65,000, which remains the same as
the annual retainer adopted in 2023, and additional fees for service as a member or chair of each committee
of the Board of Directors on which they serve, in each case, as noted below, each of which are paid quarterly.
Under the amended Independent Director Compensation Policy, the chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will be paid an annual cash retainer of $20,000, which reflects a $2,000 increase from
the existing annual retainer adopted in 2023, and members of the Nominating Committee will be paid an annual
cash retainer of $10,000, which reflects a $1,000 increase from the existing annual retainer adopted in 2023. The
changes for the cash retainers of the chair and members of Nominating Committee are effective commencing April
1, 2024. There are no changes in the amount or composition of the equity award compared to the policy adopted in
2023.


                                                                                                Annual Retainer
                                                                                                           (US$)


Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                 65,000
Audit Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               35,000
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   17,500
Compensation Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               30,000
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   15,000
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                              20,000(1)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                  10,000(2)
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               20,000
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   10,000
Scientific Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               20,000
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   10,000

Notes:


(1)     Increased by US$2,000 from 2023.


(2)     Increased by US$1,000 from 2023.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          191
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consistent with the current policy, under the amended Independent Director Compensation Policy, each
independent director, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, are granted equity awards in the form of share
options valued at US$400,000 in connection with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated for the
portion of the year served leading up to the first anniversary of the last annual meeting of shareholders, and annual
equity awards valued at US$400,000 on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders, which reflects no changes
from the existing annual equity awards adopted in 2021. Each of the awards will consist of 50% share options and
50% RSUs; provided, however, that to the extent that a grant of RSUs is subject to shareholder approval pursuant
to applicable listing rules (as is currently the case under the HK Listing Rules), (i) the initial grant shall consist
of 100% share options and (ii) the annual grant shall include RSUs only upon shareholder approval and, in the
absence of such shareholder approval, the annual grant shall consist of 100% share options. As under the current
policy, the equity awards will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of date of grant or the date of the
next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of specified events in connection
with a change of control of the Company. Subject to specific terms and conditions designed for compliance with
applicable tax and other regulations, Directors generally may elect to defer settlement of their RSUs until six months
following the date that the Director ceases to serve as a Director. The options have an exercise price equal to the
higher of (i) the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant and (ii) the average fair
market value of the Company’s ordinary shares over the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant,
in each case as determined in reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ. The equity
awards are granted under the 2016 Plan and form of award agreement thereunder. In addition, under the terms of
the 2016 Plan, the value of all equity awards and other cash compensation paid to each independent Director for
their service as an independent Director may not exceed US$1,000,000 in any calendar year (except in a Director’s
first year of service). We also reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by independent Directors in
attending board and committee meetings.


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted share ownership guidelines applicable to our non-
employee Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, to further align the interests
of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders. The share ownership guidelines are as follows:
our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times his annual base salary; our President must
hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of our other executive officers must hold equity
worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-employee Directors must hold equity worth at
least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Covered individuals and newly appointed or elected persons have
five years to achieve the ownership guideline.


The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2023 was approximately US$20.6 million and US$21.2 million, respectively. Details of the
remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive officer of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 24, Note 25
and Note 26, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and
there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




192    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employment Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler


Mr. John V. Oyler and the Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements on
April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler currently receives
a base salary of US$1,100,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with the Company’s
policy and subject to Board approval. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated between the Company and certain
of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler is eligible for an annual merit increase and an annual bonus, with a current target
level of 100% of his base salary, based on performance as recommended by the Compensation Committee and
determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also provide for certain transportation
and international travel benefits and tax preparation and equalization payments. His employment agreements have
an initial three-year term and automatically renew for additional one-year terms unless either party provides written
notice of non-renewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment can be terminated by the Company at any time. Mr. Oyler may
resign upon 60 days advance notice; so long as his resignation is not due to his employment with a competing
business, he may receive payment in lieu of notice. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we
will pay (i) accrued but unpaid base salary during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation time;
(iii) unpaid annual bonus from the previous calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses incurred, documented
and substantiated but not yet reimbursed (collectively, the “Final Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is
terminated by us other than for “cause” (as defined in his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his
employment for “good reason” (as defined in his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final
Compensation, (ii) a lump sum equal to the base salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as
defined below), (iii) the post-termination bonus calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of
days passed through the date of termination, (iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration by 20 months
of the vesting of his equity awards (the “accelerated awards”). The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided that
if Mr. Oyler’s employment terminates during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in
his employment agreements), then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides
that the unvested portion of his awards will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment
agreements also prohibit him from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities during his employment
and for 18 months after the termination of his employment.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          193
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder, Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board and Director, has been providing
scientific and strategic advisory services to us since our founding in 2010. On July 24, 2018 and February 24,
2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years, respectively (the “Existing
Consulting Agreements”). On December 7, 2023, we entered into a new consulting agreement (the “2024
Consulting Agreement”) with Dr. Wang to renew the consulting arrangement on substantially the same terms and
conditions as his Existing Consulting Agreements, for services to be performed by Dr. Xiaodong Wang during the
period starting on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2026. Dr. Wang’s consulting services include
leading the Company’s Scientific Advisory Board and providing short – and long-term strategic advice to the
Company in his areas of expertise, participating in the Company’s leadership team meetings from time to time and
interacting with the Company’s key stakeholders on behalf of the Company and will continue to receive an annual
fixed consulting fee of US$100,000 (subject to review and adjustments by the Board of Directors from time to time)
and such additional compensation, which, if any, shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, subject
to compliance with the requirements of the applicable stock exchange listing rules. The 2024 Consulting Agreement
is effective from January 1, 2024 and will expire on December 31, 2026. The Company may terminate the 2024
Consulting Agreement upon 30 days’ prior notice to Dr. Wang, provided that Dr. Wang will be entitled to payment
for services performed prior to such date.


Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2024 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE


Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transaction” and Note 26 to the consolidated financial
statements contained in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31,
2023.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY


Pursuant to our Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of
their duty in their offices, other than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company has
taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.




194     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts” in this annual report, no contract
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2023.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES


Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2023 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS


During the year ended December 31, 2023, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the HK Listing Rules.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT         195
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS


As of December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the ordinary shares (“Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which were required (a) to be
notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                   Number of           percentage
Name of Director                Nature of interest                                     Shares          of holding(1)


John V. Oyler                   Beneficial owner                                 26,821,201(2)              1.98%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust          9,545,000(3)             0.70%
                                Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child        102,188    (4)
                                                                                                            0.01%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust          7,727,927   (5)
                                                                                                            0.57%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust        28,984,115(6)              2.14%
                                Settlor of a trust                                  510,941    (7)
                                                                                                            0.04%
                                Interest of a minor child                           481,533(8)              0.04%
                                Other                                              1,387,802   (9)
                                                                                                            0.10%
Xiaodong Wang                   Beneficial owner                                 15,127,403 (10)
                                                                                                            1.12%
                                Interest in controlled corporation                4,058,998(11)             0.30%
                                Other                                             1,127,542 (12)
                                                                                                            0.08%
                                Interest of spouse                                        50(13)
                                                                                                       0.000004%
Margaret Han Dugan              Beneficial owner                                    113,815(14)             0.01%
Donald W. Glazer                Beneficial owner                                  3,190,679 (15)
                                                                                                            0.24%
Michael Goller                  Person having a security interest in shares         453,232(16)             0.03%
Anthony C. Hooper               Beneficial owner                                    183,885 (17)
                                                                                                            0.01%
Ranjeev Krishana                Person having a security interest in shares         453,232 (18)
                                                                                                            0.03%
Thomas Malley                   Beneficial owner                                  1,365,980(19)             0.10%
Alessandro Riva                 Beneficial owner                                    113,815 (20)
                                                                                                            0.01%
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders     Beneficial owner                                    136,500 (21)
                                                                                                            0.01%
Qingqing Yi                     Beneficial owner                                    436,150(22)             0.03%




196    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 1,354,719,193 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2023, which excluded
       4,794,031 ordinary shares issued to the Company’s depositary in exchange for a corresponding amount of ADSs for the
       purposes of ensuring that it has ADSs readily available to satisfy the vesting of restricted share units and the exercise of
       share options from time to time.


(2)    Includes (1) 1,292,260 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 24,849,647 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 679,294 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.


(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ’s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(8)    These Shares are held by a trust, the beneficiaries of which include Mr. Oyler’s minor child and others, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(9)    These Shares are held by a private foundation of which Mr. Oyler and the other(s) serve as directors, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(10)   Includes (1) 5,291,082 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 9,667,965 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 168,356 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(11)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.


(12)   These Shares are held by a family trust which Dr. Wang’s family members are beneficiaries, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to
       be interested for the purpose of the SFO.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT              197
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(13)   These Shares are held by Dr. Wang’s spouse, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(14)   Includes (1) 16,692 Shares held by Dr. Dugan; (2) Dr. Dugan’s entitlement to receive up to 84,201 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Dr.
       Dugan’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 12,922 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(15)   Includes (1) 2,754,529 Shares held by Mr. Glazer; (2) Mr. Glazer’s entitlement to receive up to 406,536 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Glazer’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 29,614 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(16)   Includes (1) 33,774 Shares held by Mr. Goller; (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 406,536 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Goller’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 37,414 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(17)   Includes (1) 7,800 Shares held by Mr. Hooper; (2) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to receive up to 146,471 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Mr.
       Hooper’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 29,614 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(18)   Includes (1) 33,774 Shares held by Mr. Krishana; (2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 406,536 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Krishana’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 12,922 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(19)   Includes (1) 423,774 Shares held by Mr. Malley; (2) Mr. Malley’s entitlement to receive up to 929,284 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Mr.
       Malley’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 12,922 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(20)   Includes (1) 16,692 Shares held by Dr. Riva; (2) Dr. Riva’s entitlement to receive up to 84,201 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Dr.
       Riva’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 12,922 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(21)   Includes (1) 16,978 Shares held by Dr. Sanders; (2) Dr. Sanders’ entitlement to receive up to 106,600 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Dr.
       Sanders’ entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 12,922 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(22)   Includes (1) 16,692 Shares held by Mr. Yi; (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 406,536 Shares pursuant to the exercise
       of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr. Yi’s
       entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 12,922 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2023, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to
the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




198      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of December 31, 2023, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                     of Shares/    Approximate
                                                                                                     underlying     percentage
Name of Shareholder                    Capacity/Nature of interest                                       shares     of holding(1)


Amgen Inc.                             Beneficial owner                                          246,269,426              18.18%
Julian C. Baker(2)                     Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled                   138,757,831              10.24%
                                       corporations/Person having a security interest
                                       in shares
Felix J. Baker(2)                      Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled                   138,757,831              10.24%
                                       corporations/Person having a security interest
                                       in shares
Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC(2)       Investment manager/Other                                  138,302,171              10.21%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)             Investment manager/Other                                  138,302,171              10.21%
HHLR Advisors, Ltd.(3)                 Investment manager                                        133,587,655               9.86%
HHLR Fund, L.P.(3)                     Beneficial owner                                          129,433,059               9.55%
Baker Brothers Life                    Interest in controlled corporations/Other                 126,893,311               9.37%
  Sciences Capital, L.P.(2)
The Capital Group                      Interest in controlled corporations                       106,680,752               7.87%
  Companies, Inc.(4)
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(5)                Interest in controlled corporations                        13,828,501               1.02%
                                                                                               10,951,288 (S)          0.81% (S)
                                       Investment manager                                            247,087               0.02%
                                       Person having a security interest in shares                   638,175               0.05%
                                       Trustee                                                         5,837            0.0004%
                                       Approved lending agent                                     87,817,899              6.48%

Notes:

Unless otherwise specified, the above Shares are long position. (S) denotes short position.

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 1,354,719,193 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2023, which excluded
      4,794,031 ordinary shares issued to the Company’s depositary in exchange for a corresponding amount of ADSs for the
      purposes of ensuring that it has ADSs readily available to satisfy the vesting of restricted share units and the exercise of
      share options from time to time.

(2)   Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
      LLC is the general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP (“BBA”). BBA is the manager for securities held by 667, L.P. and
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P.. Also, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is the general partner of Baker Brothers
      Life Sciences, L.P. (the “Funds”). Unlisted derivatives include stock options and restricted stock received as compensation
      by two BBA employees (Michael Goller and Ranjeev Krishana) for their service on the Board of Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.
      and are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.

                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.        •       2023    ANNUAL REPORT           199
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      According to the corporate substantial shareholder notice for the date of relevant event of November 14, 2023 submitted by
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P., Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC, Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker, respectively,
      to HKEx on November 14, 2023, 125,986,847 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. directly. For the purposes
      of the SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker, Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC and BBA are deemed to be interested in the
      11,408,860 Shares held by 667, L.P. and the 125,986,847 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996
      Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest. In addition, for
      the purposes of the SFO, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 125,986,847 Shares
      held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the
      Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


      Outside the Funds, Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker further interest in (in the form of ADSs) 270,868 Shares personally and
      144,517 Shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.


(3)   (i) 133,587,655 Shares are held by HHLR Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P.; and (ii) 13,447,603 Shares are held by
      Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. HHLR Advisors, Ltd. acts as the sole general partner of YHG Investment, L.P. and the
      sole management company of HHLR Fund, L.P.. Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is the sole management company
      of Hillhouse Fund II, L.P., which owns Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the SFO, HHLR Advisors, Ltd. is deemed
      to be interested in the 133,587,655 Shares held by HHLR Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P. and Hillhouse Capital
      Management, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the
      SFO, Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited.


(4)   (i) 12,059,093 Shares are held by Capital International, Inc.; (ii) 902,312 Shares held by Capital International Limited;
      (iii) 2,536,443 Shares are held by Capital International Sarl; (iv) 88,023,999 Shares are held by Capital Research and
      Management Company; (v) 207,814 Shares are held by Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited; and (vi)
      2,951,091 Shares are held by Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Group International, Inc. is wholly owned by Capital Research and Management Company. Capital International,
      Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited and
      Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. are wholly owned by Capital Group International, Inc. Capital Bank and Trust
      Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. For the purposes of the SFO, Capital Research and
      Management Company and Capital Group International, Inc. are deemed to be interested in the 18,656,753 Shares held by
      Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management
      Private Limited, and Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Research and Management Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies Inc. For the purposes of
      the SFO, The Capital Group Companies Inc. is deemed to be interested in the 106,680,752 Shares held by Capital Research
      and Management Company directly and indirectly.


(5)   According to the shareholding disclosures notice regarding the relevant event dated November 20, 2023 submitted by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. to HKEx, an aggregated 102,537,499 Shares (long position), 10,951,288 Shares (short position)
      and 87,817,899 Shares (lending pool) of the Company are held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. indirectly through its certain
      subsidiaries. Among them, 1,678,578 Shares (long position) and 998,355 Shares (short position) are cash settled unlisted
      derivatives.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2023, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




200     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE SCHEMES

The Company currently has three existing share schemes, namely the 2011 Plan, the 2016 Plan and the 2018
ESPP. Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Inducement Plan
was terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan and no outstanding shares
remained during the Reporting Period.


From January 1, 2023, the Company has relied on the transitional arrangements provided for the existing
share schemes and complied, and will continue to comply, with the new Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules
accordingly (effective from January 1, 2023). The Company plans to amend the 2016 Plan and the 2018 ESPP at
the forthcoming 2024 annual general meeting to ensure its compliance with the new Chapter 17 of the HK Listing
Rules, subject to our shareholders’ approval.


44,391,919 new Shares representing approximately 3.28% of the weighted average number of Shares for the
Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible
participants pursuant to all of the share schemes. For avoidance of doubt, the aforementioned figures have not
taken into account the Shares to be purchased under the 2018 ESPP pursuant to the offering period from August
1, 2023 to February 29, 2024, as the relevant number of Shares cannot be determined until the end of the offering
period (i.e. February 29, 2024). Further details regarding each share scheme and the movements during the
Reporting Period under each share scheme is set out below.


1.   2011 Option Plan

     The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015
     and the Board determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when
     the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan became effective.


     Purpose

     The purpose of the 2011 Plan is to enable persons providing (or expected to provide) services to the Company
     to acquire ordinary shares in the Company. Anyone having or expected to have a service relationship with
     the Company (including prospective employees or others, conditional upon their subsequent employment or
     service relationship) shall be eligible to receive Options under this Plan.


     Eligible Participants

     The Board or committee has full power to select the individuals to whom awards will be granted.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant and Issue

     The overall limit on the number of underlying Shares pursuant to the 2011 Plan is 43,560,432 Shares. Given
     that no further options have been or would be granted after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Share Option
     and Incentive Plan became effective, the outstanding number of options would be equivalent to the number
     of Shares available for issue under the 2011 Plan. As at January 1, 2023, 2,643,042 Shares were available for
     issue under the 2011 Plan. 1,215,188 new Shares were issued during the period between January 1, 2023 and
     December 31, 2023 pursuant to the 2011 Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2023 and as at April 17,
     2024, 1,427,686 new Shares and 1,357,739 new Shares (representing approximately 0.1% of the issued share
     capital of the Company as at April 17, 2024) were available for issue under the 2011 Plan, respectively.

                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         201
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

      Under the 2011 Plan, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of options which may be granted to a
      single eligible participant under the 2011 Plan.


      Exercise Period

      The Board or committee may fix the term of each option, up to a maximum of 10 years from the grant date,
      and determine at what time or times each option may be exercised when granting an option.


      Vesting Period

      The Board or committee may determine the vesting period of each option.


      Exercise Price

      The option exercise price of each option granted under the 2011 Plan is determined by the Board or board
      committee and may not be less than the fair market value of an ordinary share on the date of grant or the par
      value of the shares issuable thereunder. The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is
      between US$0.01 and US$1.85 per Share.


      Remaining Life of the 2011 Plan

      The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the 2011 Plan and the Board determined not to grant any
      further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
      became effective.


      Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018 (the
      “Prospectus”).




202    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           Outstanding Options under the 2011 Plan

           As of December 31, 2023, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
           Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
           days inclusive). Details of the movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2023 to
           December 31, 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                     options
                                                                                                   Outstanding      Granted     Exercised      Cancelled                 Outstanding
                                                                                                         as at        during    during the        during Lapsed during         as at
                                                                                        Exercise    January 1, the Reporting    Reporting the Reporting the Reporting     December
Name of grantee      Role                Date of grant           Exercise period           price         2023         Period       Period         Period        Period      31, 2023


                     Directors of the Company


Xiaodong Wang        Non-executive       April 3, 2013(1)        10 years from the      US$0.01       879,267              –     879,255(4)                        12              –
                       Director                                    date of grant
                                         June 29, 2015(1)        10 years from the      US$0.50       500,000              –             –             –                    500,000
                                                                   date of grant
Thomas Malley*       Independent         January 25, 2016(2)     10 years from the      US$1.85       552,752              –             –             –                    552,752
                       Non-executive                               date of grant(6)
                       Director


                     Senior Management of the Company


Lai Wang             Global Head         April 3, 2013(3)        10 years from the      US$0.01            12              –             –             –           12              –
                       of R&D                                      date of grant
                                         June 29, 2015(3)        10 years from the      US$0.50            11              –             –             –                         11
                                                                   date of grant
                     Other grantees


In aggregate         Employees           Between May 20,         10 years from the      Between       663,694              –     335,933(5)            –          140       327,621
                                           2011 and                date of grant        US$0.01
                                           January 31, 2016(3)                        to US$1.85
In aggregate         Service providers   Between May 20,         10 years from the      Between         47,306             –             –             –            4         47,302
                                           2011 and                date of grant        US$0.01
                                           January 31, 2016(3)                        to US$1.85


Total                                                                                                2,643,042             –    1,215,188              –          168      1,427,686


           Notes:


           *      Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
                  an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.


           (1)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
                  exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                  following the vest of the initial 20%.




                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.                 •      2023           ANNUAL REPORT                  203
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (2)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


      (3)   20%/25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80%/75%
            become exercisable in 48/36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of
            each month following the vest of the initial 20%/25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon
            change in control and/or termination.


      (4)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised was US$17.81.


      (5)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised was ranged from US$13.55 to US$20.25. The exercise price of the
            exercised options was ranged from US$0.01 to US$1.85.


      (6)   In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
            January 22, 2024 and the consulting agreement between Mr. Thomas Malley and the Company dated January 23,
            2024, the exercise period of the vested options shall be six months after January 22, 2024.


2.    Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      The 2016 Plan was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
      2018 to amend and restate the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company on
      January 14, 2016.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, an amendment to the 2016 Plan to
      increase the number of authorized Shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan by 57,200,000 Shares,
      and to extend the term of the 2016 Plan through 2030, was approved by our Board on April 13, 2020 and by
      our shareholders on June 17, 2020. Additionally, an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the “Amendment No. 2”) to
      increase the number of authorized shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan by 66,300,000 ordinary
      shares, was approved by our Board on April 17, 2022 and by our shareholders on June 22, 2022.


      Further details of the 2016 Plan are set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Purpose

      The 2016 Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to use various equity-based incentive and other
      awards as compensation tools to attract, retain and motivate our (and our subsidiaries’) workforce. These
      tools include share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, unrestricted
      shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights.


      Eligible Participants

      Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and other key persons (including
      consultants) as selected from time to time by the Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the
      2016 Plan.




204     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2016 Plan and our other equity
plans may not exceed 10% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of June 22, 2022 and the aggregate
number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be
exercised under the 2016 Plan and outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under any other plan
of the Company at any time may not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


As at January 1, 2023, 75,034,504 Shares were available for grant under the 2016 Plan. During the period
from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, awards representing 44,391,919 underlying Shares were granted
to eligible participants pursuant to the 2016 Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2023 and April 17, 2024,
37,575,472 and 37,217,023 Shares were available for grant under the 2016 Plan, respectively.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

As at January 1, 2023, 189,114,821 new Shares were available for issue under the 2016 Plan. During the
period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, 23,621,741 new Shares were issued pursuant to the 2016
Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2023 and April 17, 2024, 165,493,255 new Shares and 162,887,475
new Shares (representing approximately 11.99% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 17,
2024) were available for issue under the 2016 Plan, respectively.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Grantee

Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2016 Plan and any other
equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in
issue at the date of any grant.




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          205
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Exercise and Vesting Period

      Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
      option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
      option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
      such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


      The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
      years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
      automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
      each option may be exercised.


      In respect of RSUs, our Compensation Committee may determine the conditions and restrictions of grant,
      which may include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment or service
      with us through a specified vesting period.


      Exercise Price

      The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
      less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
      (ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
      preceding the date of grant.


      Consideration

      No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options and RSUs under the 2016
      Plan.


      Expiration of the 2016 Plan

      The 2016 Plan will expire on April 13, 2030. The remaining life of the 2016 Plan is approximately 6 years.


      Movements of the Options under the 2016 Plan

      As of December 31, 2023, the Company has conditionally granted options to 1,145 participants under the
      2016 Plan. All of the options under the 2016 Plan were granted between February 8, 2016 and December
      29, 2023 (both days inclusive). The exercise price of all the options granted under the 2016 Plan is between
      US$0.5 and US$28.81 per Share.




206    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           As of January 1, 2023, 58,683,144 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016
           Plan, and as of December 31, 2023, 61,516,760 Shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
           movements of the options granted during the Reporting Period were as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                                            Price on                                 Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                          Price on          day prior    Exercise Outstanding      during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                                                       day prior to       to exercise      (Grant) as at January   Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting December
Name of grantee   Role                       Date of grant         Exercise period          grant   (1)
                                                                                                               date(2)
                                                                                                                            price       1, 2023       Period       Period        Period         Period     31, 2023


                  Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler     Executive Director,        November 16,          10 years from the      US$2.79                N/A      US$2.84     2,047,500            –            –             –              –    2,047,500
                    Chairman and               2016  (3)
                                                                     date of grant
                  Chief Executive Officer September 27,            10 years from the      US$6.73                N/A      US$7.70       935,000            –            –             –              –     935,000
                                               2017(3)               date of grant
                                             April 30, 2018(3)     10 years from the     US$13.37                N/A     US$13.04       996,810            –            –             –              –     996,810
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the     US$12.70                N/A     US$12.34     1,310,088            –            –             –              –    1,310,088
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the      US$9.25                N/A      US$9.23     2,193,282            –            –             –              –    2,193,282
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 17, 2020   (3)
                                                                   10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A     US$13.42     1,821,976            –            –             –              –    1,821,976
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A     US$26.53       906,906                         –             –              –     906,906
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 22, 2022(3)      10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98     1,887,678            –            –             –              –    1,887,678
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 15, 2023(3)      10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41             –    1,349,907            –             –              –    1,349,907
                                                                     date of grant
Xiaodong Wang     Non-executive Director November 16,              10 years from the      US$2.79                N/A      US$2.84     1,613,430            –            –             –              –    1,613,430
                                               2016(3)               date of grant
                                             September 27,         10 years from the      US$6.73                N/A      US$7.70       750,000            –            –             –              –     750,000
                                               2017(3)               date of grant
                                             June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the     US$12.70                N/A     US$12.34       655,044            –            –             –              –     655,044
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the      US$9.25                N/A      US$9.23       747,708            –            –             –              –     747,708
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 17, 2020   (3)
                                                                   10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A     US$13.42       560,599            –            –             –              –     560,599
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A     US$26.53       241,839            –            –             –              –     241,839
                                                                     date of grant




                                                                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.                     •      2023         ANNUAL REPORT                            207
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                                                           Price on                                 Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                         Price on          day prior    Exercise Outstanding      during the   during the   during the      during the      as at
                                                                                      day prior to       to exercise      (Grant) as at January   Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting December
Name of grantee      Role                  Date of grant          Exercise period          grant   (1)
                                                                                                              date(2)
                                                                                                                           price       1, 2023       Period       Period        Period         Period    31, 2023


                                           June 22, 2022(3)       10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98       471,913            –            –             –              –    471,913
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 15, 2023(3)       10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41             –      327,249            –             –              –    327,249
                                                                    date of grant
Anthony C. Hooper*   Independent Non-      March 3, 2020(5)       10 years from the     US$12.62                N/A     US$12.22        21,970            –            –             –              –     21,970
                      executive Director                            date of grant
                                           June 17, 2020    (5)
                                                                  10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A     US$13.42        45,383            –            –             –              –     45,383
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A     US$26.53        17,498            –            –             –              –     17,498
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 22, 2022(5)       10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98        34,645            –            –             –              –     34,645
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 15, 2023(5)       10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41                     26,975            –             –              –     26,975
                                                                    date of grant
Margaret Han Dugan   Independent Non-      February 28,           10 years from the     US$16.47                N/A     US$16.22        22,581            –            –             –              –     22,581
                      executive Director     2022(5)                date of grant
                                           June 22, 2022(5)       10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98        34,645            –            –             –              –     34,645
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 15, 2023(5)       10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41             –       26,975            –             –              –     26,975
                                                                    date of grant
Donald W. Glazer     Independent Non-      April 19, 2017(4)      10 years from the      US$2.84                N/A      US$2.83       199,992            –            –             –              –    199,992
                      executive Director                            date of grant
                                           June 6, 2018   (5)
                                                                  10 years from the     US$15.73                N/A     US$16.15        17,442            –            –             –              –     17,442
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from the      US$9.25                N/A      US$9.23        64,610            –            –             –              –     64,610
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A     US$13.42        45,383            –            –             –              –     45,383
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A     US$25.63        17,498            –            –             –              –     17,498
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 22, 2022    (5)
                                                                  10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98        34,645            –            –             –              –     34,645
                                                                    date of grant
                                           June 15, 2023(5)       10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41             –       26,975            –             –              –     26,975
                                                                    date of grant




208          BEIGENE, LTD.                   •          2023            ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                      Number of options
                                                                                                         Price on                                 Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                       Price on          day prior    Exercise Outstanding      during the   during the   during the      during the      as at
                                                                                    day prior to       to exercise      (Grant) as at January   Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting December
Name of grantee    Role                  Date of grant          Exercise period          grant   (1)
                                                                                                            date(2)
                                                                                                                         price       1, 2023       Period       Period        Period         Period    31, 2023


Michael Goller     Independent Non-      April 19, 2017(4)      10 years from the      US$2.84                N/A      US$2.83       199,992            –            –             –              –    199,992
                    executive Director                            date of grant
                                         June 6, 2018(5)        10 years from the     US$15.73                N/A     US$16.15        17,442            –            –             –              –     17,442
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from the      US$9.25                N/A      US$9.23        64,610            –            –             –              –     64,610
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 17, 2020    (5)
                                                                10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A     US$13.42        45,383            –            –             –              –     45,383
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A     US$25.63        17,498            –            –             –              –     17,498
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 22, 2022(5)       10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98        34,645            –            –             –              –     34,645
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 15, 2023(5)       10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41             –       26,975            –             –              –     26,975
                                                                  date of grant
Ranjeev Krishana   Independent Non-      April 19, 2017  (4)
                                                                10 years from the      US$2.84                N/A      US$2.83       199,992            –            –             –              –    199,992
                    executive Director                            date of grant
                                         June 6, 2018(5)        10 years from the     US$15.73                N/A     US$16.15        17,442            –            –             –              –     17,442
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from the      US$9.25                N/A      US$9.23        64,610            –            –             –              –     64,610
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A     US$13.42        45,383            –            –             –              –     45,383
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 16, 2021    (5)
                                                                10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A     US$25.63        17,498            –            –             –              –     17,498
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 22, 2022(5)       10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A     US$11.98        34,645            –            –             –              –     34,645
                                                                  date of grant
                                         June 15, 2023(5)       10 years from the     US$16.01                N/A     US$16.41             –       26,975            –             –              –     26,975
                                                                  date of grant




                                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.                     •      2023         ANNUAL REPORT                           209
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                                           Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                              Price on    day prior    Exercise          as at   during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                                                           day prior to to exercise      (Grant)    January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee Role                   Date of grant                Exercise period            grant(1)
                                                                                                             date(2)
                                                                                                                          price          2023       Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2023


Thomas Malley*   Independent Non-      June 2, 2017(5)              10 years from the        US$2.94           N/A      US$3.15       169,988            –            –            –               –     169,988
                  executive Director                                  date of grant(10)
                                       June 6, 2018(5)              10 years from the       US$15.73           N/A     US$16.15         17,442           –            –            –               –      17,442
                                                                      date of grant (10)


                                       June 5, 2019(5)              10 years from the        US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23         64,610           –            –            –               –      64,610
                                                                      date of grant (10)


                                       June 17, 2020    (5)
                                                                    10 years from the       US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42         45,383           –            –            –               –      45,383
                                                                      date of grant(10)
                                       June 16, 2021(5)             10 years from the       US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498           –            –            –               –      17,498
                                                                      date of grant(10)
                                       June 22, 2022(5)             10 years from the       US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98         34,645           –            –            –               –      34,645
                                                                      date of grant (10)


                                       June 15, 2023(5)             10 years from the       US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –      26,975            –            –               –      26,975
                                                                      date of grant (10)


Corazon D.       Independent Non-      August 24, 2020 10 years from the
                                                              (5)
                                                                                            US$18.50           N/A     US$18.26         27,482           –            –            –               –      27,482
 Sanders          executive Director                                  date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(5)             10 years from the       US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498           –            –            –               –      17,498
                                                                      date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)             10 years from the       US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98         34,645           –            –            –               –      34,645
                                                                      date of grant
                                       June 15, 2023(5)             10 years from the       US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –      26,975            –            –               –      26,975
                                                                      date of grant
Alessandro       Independent Non-      February 28,                 10 years from the       US$16.47           N/A     US$16.22         22,581           –            –            –               –      22,581
 Riva             executive Director          2022(5)                 date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)             10 years from the       US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98         34,645           –            –            –               –      34,645
                                                                      date of grant
                                       June 15, 2023(5)             10 years from the       US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –      26,975            –            –               –      26,975
                                                                      date of grant




210          BEIGENE, LTD.               •        2023                   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                             Number of options
                                                                                                 Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                    Price on    day prior    Exercise          as at   during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                                                 day prior to to exercise      (Grant)    January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee Role                   Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                   date(2)
                                                                                                                price          2023       Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2023


Qingqing Yi     Independent Non-       April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the     US$2.84           N/A      US$2.83       199,992            –            –            –               –     199,992
                  executive Director                           date of grant
                                       June 6, 2018(5)       10 years from the    US$15.73           N/A     US$16.15         17,442           –            –            –               –      17,442
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 5, 2019(5)       10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23         64,610           –            –            –               –      64,610
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 17, 2020   (5)
                                                             10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42         45,383           –            –            –               –      45,383
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(5)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498           –            –            –               –      17,498
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)      10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98         34,645           –            –            –               –      34,645
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 15, 2023(5)      10 years from the    US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –      26,975            –            –               –      26,975
                                                               date of grant
                Senior Management of the Company                                                                                                                                         –


Xiaobin Wu      President, Chief       April 30, 2018(6)     10 years from the    US$13.37           N/A     US$13.04       766,599            –            –            –               –     766,599
                  Operating Officer                            date of grant
                  and General
                  Manager of China
                                       June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23       797,550            –            –            –               –     797,550
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 17, 2020   (3)
                                                             10 years from the    US$13.42           N/A     US$13.33       756,821            –            –            –               –     756,821
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63       483,678            –            –            –               –     483,678
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(3)      10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98      1,061,814           –            –            –               –    1,061,814
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 15, 2023(3)      10 years from the    US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –     760,851            –            –               –     760,851
                                                               date of grant




                                                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                            211
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                                     Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                        Price on    day prior    Exercise          as at   during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                                                     day prior to to exercise      (Grant)    January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee Role                      Date of grant          Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                       date(2)
                                                                                                                    price          2023       Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2023


Julia Wang      Chief Financial Officer   June 30, 2020(3)       10 years from the    US$14.55           N/A     US$14.66       104,754            –            –            –               –     104,754
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 16, 2021(3)       10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$26.53       177,853            –            –            –               –     177,853
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 22, 2022(3)       10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98       589,888            –            –            –               –     589,888
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 15, 2023    (3)
                                                                 10 years from the    US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –     409,058            –            –               –     409,058
                                                                   date of grant
Lai Wang        Global Head of R&D        July 13, 2016(3)       10 years from the     US$2.27           N/A      US$2.29              –           –            –            –               –           –
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 27, 2017(3)       10 years from the     US$3.50           N/A      US$3.49              –           –            –            –
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 26, 2018(3)       10 years from the    US$12.70           N/A     US$12.34       364,208            –            –            –               –     364,208
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 5, 2019   (3)
                                                                 10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23       558,285            –            –            –               –     558,285
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 17, 2020(3)       10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42       525,564            –            –            –               –     525,564
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 16, 2021(3)       10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$26.53       332,527            –            –            –               –     332,527
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 22, 2022(3)       10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98       707,876            –            –            –               –     707,876
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 15, 2023    (3)
                                                                 10 years from the    US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –     507,234            –            –               –     507,234
                                                                   date of grant
Chan Lee        SVP, General Counsel      August 5, 2022(3) 10 years from the          US$2.26           N/A      US$2.27       188,929            –            –            –               –     188,929
                                                                   date of grant
                                          June 15, 2023(3)       10 years from the    US$16.01           N/A     US$16.41              –     248,950            –            –               –     248,950
                                                                   date of grant




212          BEIGENE, LTD.                  •        2023            ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                            Price on                  Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                               Price on    day prior                        as of   during the   during the   during the   during the        as of
                                                                            day prior to to exercise     Exercise        January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     December
Name of grantee   Role               Date of grant      Exercise period         grant(1)      date(2) (Grant) price       1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period      31, 2023


In Aggregate      Service Provider   July 13, 2016(3)   10 years from the     US$2.27           N/A       US$2.29        200,000            –            –            –                   200,000
                                                          date of grant
In Aggregate      Employees          July 13, 2016(3)   10 years from the     US$2.27      US$16.16       US$2.29       3,046,805           –      292,500            –             12   2,754,293
                                                          date of grant
                                     July 22, 2016(3)   10 years from the     US$2.13      US$19.14       US$2.10          91,460           –       22,633            –              –     68,827
                                                          date of grant
                                     July 22, 2016(6)   10 years from the     US$2.13      US$17.53       US$2.10        786,608            –       54,340            –             36    732,232
                                                          date of grant
                                     July 29, 2016(3)   10 years from the     US$2.11           N/A       US$2.02             14            –            –            –             11          3
                                                          date of grant
                                     August 9, 2016(3) 10 years from the      US$2.04           N/A       US$2.10               –           –            –            –                         –
                                                          date of grant
                                     August 22,         10 years from the     US$2.28           N/A       US$2.24               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     September 2,       10 years from the     US$2.26      US$19.30       US$2.27        207,575            –      207,571            4                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     September 12,      10 years from the     US$2.33           N/A       US$2.42               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     September 19,      10 years from the     US$2.51           N/A       US$2.38               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                     September 26,      10 years from the     US$2.35           N/A       US$2.27               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     October 12,        10 years from the     US$2.48           N/A       US$2.42              6            –            –            –                         6
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     October 12,        10 years from the     US$2.48           N/A       US$2.42               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(6)            date of grant
                                     October 17,        10 years from the     US$2.42      US$16.32       US$2.55          61,399           –        5,187            –                    56,212
                                       2016   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                     November 1,        10 years from the     US$2.56           N/A       US$2.57               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     November 7,        10 years from the     US$2.43           N/A       US$2.46               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     November 8,        10 years from the     US$2.46           N/A       US$2.51               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     November 16,       10 years from the     US$2.79           N/A       US$2.84               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                     November 21,       10 years from the     US$2.46           N/A       US$2.42               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant
                                     November 28,       10 years from the     US$2.49           N/A       US$2.38               –           –            –            –                         –
                                       2016(3)            date of grant




                                                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.                      •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                          213
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                     Price on                  Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                        Price on    day prior                        as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                     day prior to to exercise     Exercise        January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant     Exercise period         grant(1)      date(2) (Grant) price       1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees    November 30,      10 years from the     US$2.43           N/A       US$2.44           1,274           –            –            –                    1,274
                                 2016(3)             date of grant
                               December 1,       10 years from the     US$2.44           N/A       US$2.37               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2016(3)             date of grant
                               December 9,       10 years from the     US$2.07           N/A       US$2.09          34,099           –            –            –                   34,099
                                 2016(3)             date of grant
                               January 3,        10 years from the     US$2.34           N/A       US$2.39           7,800           –            –            –                    7,800
                                 2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                               January 5,        10 years from the     US$2.44      US$14.40       US$2.39          63,661           –       63,661            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               January 9,        10 years from the     US$2.37      US$18.68       US$2.43        132,496            –      132,496            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               January 17,       10 years from the     US$2.51           N/A       US$2.53               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               January 17,       10 years from the     US$2.51      US$17.78       US$2.53          47,216           –       11,167            –          286      35,763
                                 2017   (6)
                                                     date of grant
                               January 23,       10 years from the     US$2.46           N/A       US$2.49               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               January 30,       10 years from the     US$2.80           N/A       US$2.62               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               February 1,       10 years from the     US$2.68           N/A       US$2.77        144,989            –            –            –                  144,989
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               February 6,       10 years from the     US$2.76           N/A       US$2.76          32,201           –            –            –                   32,201
                                 2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                               February 8,       10 years from the     US$2.67           N/A       US$2.78               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               February 13,      10 years from the     US$2.77      US$16.65       US$2.77          40,443           –       31,200            –                    9,243
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               February 27,      10 years from the     US$2.97           N/A       US$2.93               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               March 6,          10 years from the     US$3.14           N/A       US$3.06               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                               March 13,         10 years from the     US$3.08           N/A       US$3.02        116,701            –            –            –                  116,701
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               March 20,         10 years from the     US$3.04      US$16.51       US$3.04          84,968           –       15,600            –                   69,368
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               March 27,         10 years from the     US$2.79           N/A       US$2.79               –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2017(3)             date of grant
                               March 31,         10 years from the     US$2.81      US$17.75       US$2.82          41,405           –       12,701            –                   28,704
                                 2017   (6)
                                                     date of grant




214            BEIGENE, LTD.     •            2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                              Number of options
                                                                                            Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                               Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                            day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant             Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                              date (Grant) price
                                                                                                   (2)
                                                                                                                        1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees   April 3, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$2.82           N/A      US$2.82              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              April 10, 2017(3)         10 years from the     US$2.86           N/A      US$2.91              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              April 11, 2017(3)         10 years from the     US$2.91           N/A      US$2.95              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              April 17, 2017      (3)
                                                        10 years from the     US$2.92      US$16.73      US$2.95         11,427           –       11,427            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              April 24, 2017(3)         10 years from the     US$2.82           N/A      US$2.89              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              April 26, 2017(3)         10 years from the     US$3.01           N/A      US$3.09              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              May 1, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$3.14      US$20.37      US$3.13       260,663            –      260,663            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              May 2, 2017   (6)
                                                        10 years from the     US$3.13      US$15.04      US$3.12       104,689            –        3,835            –                  100,854
                                                          date of grant
                              May 3, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$3.12           N/A      US$3.12         11,999           –            –            –                   11,999
                                                          date of grant
                              May 8, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$3.02           N/A      US$2.98              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              May 10, 2017(3)           10 years from the     US$2.88           N/A      US$2.92              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              May 15, 2017    (3)
                                                        10 years from the     US$2.81      US$15.70      US$2.90          9,100           –        9,100            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              May 30, 2017(3)           10 years from the     US$2.88      US$15.39      US$2.88         21,060           –       21,060            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              June 1, 2017(6)           10 years from the     US$2.83      US$15.77      US$2.94      1,093,690           –      945,776            –                  147,914
                                                          date of grant
                              June 12, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$2.99           N/A      US$3.00         12,727           –            –            –                   12,727
                                                          date of grant
                              June 14, 2017       (3)
                                                        10 years from the     US$3.04      US$17.59      US$3.05       583,895            –      176,735            –                  407,160
                                                          date of grant
                              June 15, 2017(6)          10 years from the     US$3.05      US$17.12      US$3.04      3,144,284           –      395,902            –          936    2,747,446
                                                          date of grant
                              June 21, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$3.31      US$14.10      US$3.45         17,784           –       17,784            –                        –
                                                          date of grant
                              June 23, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$3.41           N/A      US$3.45              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                          date of grant



                                                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                         215
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                                 Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                    Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                                 day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant                 Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                   date (Grant) price
                                                                                                        (2)
                                                                                                                             1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees    June 27, 2017(3)              10 years from the     US$3.50      US$19.74      US$3.49      3,034,478           –      901,849            5                 2,132,624
                                                               date of grant
                               June 29, 2017(3)              10 years from the     US$3.50      US$14.77      US$3.45         43,654           –        9,997            –                   33,657
                                                               date of grant
                               July 10, 2017(3)              10 years from the     US$5.40      US$16.78      US$5.45          6,760           –        5,460            –                    1,300
                                                               date of grant
                               July 17, 2017   (3)
                                                             10 years from the     US$5.67           N/A      US$4.19              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               July 17, 2017(6)              10 years from the     US$5.67      US$18.81      US$4.19       292,825            –       58,695            –                  234,130
                                                               date of grant
                               July 24, 2017(3)              10 years from the     US$5.95           N/A      US$5.65              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               July 31, 2017(3)              10 years from the     US$5.58      US$19.45      US$5.42         99,996           –       39,000            –                   60,996
                                                               date of grant
                               July 31, 2017   (6)
                                                             10 years from the     US$5.58      US$16.82      US$5.42       336,271            –       50,752            –                  285,519
                                                               date of grant
                               August 1, 2017(3) 10 years from the                 US$5.42      US$18.69      US$5.58       156,000            –      117,000            –                   39,000
                                                               date of grant
                               August 2, 2017(6) 10 years from the                 US$5.58           N/A      US$5.45              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               August 3, 2017(3) 10 years from the                 US$5.45           N/A      US$5.51         19,994           –            –            –                   19,994
                                                               date of grant
                               August 7, 2017        (3)
                                                             10 years from the     US$5.56      US$20.35      US$5.95         97,500           –       58,500            –                   39,000
                                                               date of grant
                               August 8, 2017(3) 10 years from the                 US$5.95      US$14.86      US$6.03         12,649           –       12,649            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               August 10, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$5.95           N/A      US$5.59              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               August 11, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$5.59           N/A      US$5.46              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               August 17, 2017 10 years from the
                                                       (3)
                                                                                   US$5.39           N/A      US$5.32              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               August 25, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$5.38           N/A      US$5.29              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant
                               August 28, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$5.29           N/A      US$5.28         24,167           –            –            –                   24,167
                                                               date of grant
                               August 31, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$5.30           N/A      US$5.30              –           –            –            –                        –
                                                               date of grant



216            BEIGENE, LTD.     •        2023                   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                       Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                          Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                       day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant        Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                         date (Grant) price
                                                                                              (2)
                                                                                                                   1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees   August 31,           10 years from the     US$5.30      US$17.58       US$5.30      180,596            –       12,428            –                  168,168
                                2017(6)              date of grant
                              September 5,         10 years from the     US$5.78      US$20.61       US$5.68      269,997            –      234,988            –                   35,009
                                2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              September 12,        10 years from the     US$5.39           N/A       US$5.43             –           –            –            –                        –
                                2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              September 13,        10 years from the     US$5.43           N/A       US$5.82             –           –            –            –                        –
                                2017(3)              date of grant
                              September 18,        10 years from the     US$6.22           N/A       US$6.37        22,269           –            –            –                   22,269
                                2017(3)              date of grant
                              September 22,        10 years from the     US$6.53      US$17.86       US$6.55        68,588           –       68,588            –                        –
                                2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              September 25,        10 years from the     US$6.55           N/A       US$6.56      121,992            –            –            –                  121,992
                                2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              September 26,        10 years from the     US$6.56           N/A       US$8.71             –           –            –            –                        –
                                2017(3)              date of grant
                              September 29,        10 years from the     US$7.49           N/A       US$7.96        37,492           –            –            –                   37,492
                                2017(3)              date of grant
                              November 1,          10 years from the     US$7.10      US$16.13       US$6.84      226,356            –       27,300            –                  199,056
                                2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              November 30,         10 years from the     US$6.38           N/A       US$6.15        10,764           –            –            –                   10,764
                                2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              January 5,           10 years from the     US$7.72           N/A       US$7.58        19,071           –            –            –                   19,071
                                2018(3)              date of grant
                              January 31,          10 years from the     US$9.52           N/A      US$10.44        80,017           –            –            –                   80,017
                                2018(3)              date of grant
                              February 28,         10 years from the    US$11.61      US$20.94      US$11.04         7,904           –        7,904            –                        –
                                2018   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              April 30, 2018(3)    10 years from the    US$13.37           N/A      US$13.04         6,149           –            –            –                    6,149
                                                     date of grant
                              June 6, 2018   (5)
                                                   10 years from the    US$15.73           N/A      US$16.15        17,442           –            –            –                   17,442
                                                     date of grant
                              June 26, 2018(3)     10 years from the    US$12.70      US$17.72      US$12.34      889,369            –      247,936            –                  641,433
                                                     date of grant
                              June 29, 2018(3)     10 years from the    US$11.90           N/A      US$11.83        12,103           –            –            –                   12,103
                                                     date of grant




                                                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                         217
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                        Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                           Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                        day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant        Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                          date (Grant) price
                                                                                               (2)
                                                                                                                    1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees    August 31, 2018(3) 10 years from the      US$13.67      US$17.95      US$13.66        13,741           –       13,741            –                        –
                                                      date of grant
                               August 31,           10 years from the    US$13.67      US$18.89      US$13.66      108,537            –      101,829            –                    6,708
                                 2018   (7)
                                                      date of grant
                               September 28,        10 years from the    US$13.28           N/A      US$13.25        65,433           –            –            –                   65,433
                                 2018   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               September 28,        10 years from the    US$13.28           N/A      US$13.25        39,260           –            –            –                   39,260
                                 2018(8)              date of grant
                               November 30,         10 years from the    US$11.07           N/A      US$11.79        11,028           –            –            –                   11,028
                                 2018(3)              date of grant
                               December 31,         10 years from the    US$10.53      US$17.34      US$10.79      133,263            –       26,247            –                  107,016
                                 2018   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               December 31,         10 years from the    US$10.53      US$15.45      US$10.79        12,727           –          533            –                   12,194
                                 2018   (8)
                                                      date of grant
                               January 25,          10 years from the     US$9.62           N/A      US$10.44        38,649           –            –            –                   38,649
                                 2019(3)              date of grant
                               February 28,         10 years from the    US$10.77      US$18.54      US$10.54        15,600           –       15,600            –                        –
                                 2019(3)              date of grant
                               March 5, 2019(3)     10 years from the    US$11.68           N/A      US$11.51        78,494           –            –            –                   78,494
                                                      date of grant
                               May 10, 2019(3)      10 years from the     US$9.33           N/A      US$10.32        44,213           –            –            –                   44,213
                                                      date of grant
                               June 5, 2019   (3)
                                                    10 years from the     US$9.25      US$17.25       US$9.23     2,394,600           –      517,816       11,544                 1,865,240
                                                      date of grant
                               June 5, 2019(5)      10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A       US$9.23      129,220            –            –            –                  129,220
                                                      date of grant
                               June 28, 2019(3)     10 years from the     US$9.67           N/A       US$9.53             –           –            –            –                        –
                                                      date of grant
                               August 30,           10 years from the    US$11.14      US$20.00      US$11.06        97,201           –       17,901            –                   79,300
                                 2019   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               November 29,         10 years from the    US$15.71           N/A      US$15.83             –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2019(3)              date of grant
                               December 31,         10 years from the    US$12.80      US$17.60      US$12.92        15,834           –       15,834            –                        –
                                 2019(3)              date of grant
                               March 3,             10 years from the    US$12.62           N/A      US$12.19             –           –            –            –                        –
                                 2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant




218            BEIGENE, LTD.     •            2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                        Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                           Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                        day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                          date (Grant) price
                                                                                               (2)
                                                                                                                    1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees   March 31,             10 years from the     US$9.65           N/A       US$9.67      294,775            –            –            –                  294,775
                                2020(3)               date of grant
                              May 12,               10 years from the    US$12.56           N/A      US$12.18             –           –            –            –                        –
                                2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              May 29,               10 years from the    US$12.49           N/A      US$12.73             –           –            –            –                        –
                                2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              June 17,              10 years from the    US$13.33      US$18.15      US$13.42     1,543,243           –      326,014       35,048                 1,182,181
                                2020(3)               date of grant
                              June 17,              10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A      US$13.42        90,766           –            –            –                   90,766
                                2020(5)               date of grant
                              June 30,              10 years from the    US$14.55           N/A      US$14.66      212,771            –            –            –                  212,771
                                2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              August 7,             10 years from the    US$17.24           N/A      US$16.99        40,248           –            –            –                   40,248
                                2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              August 31,            10 years from the    US$18.69           N/A      US$18.85             –           –            –            –             –          –
                                2020(3)               date of grant
                              September 30,         10 years from the    US$21.65           N/A      US$22.03         8,021           –            –            –                    8,021
                                2020(3)               date of grant
                              November 6,           10 years from the    US$23.08           N/A      US$23.07      175,708            –            –        4,082        8,632     162,994
                                2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              November 30,          10 years from the    US$21.99           N/A      US$20.99        15,756           –            –            –             –     15,756
                                2020   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              January 22,           10 years from the    US$27.46           N/A      US$28.81        55,263           –            –            –                   55,263
                                2021(3)               date of grant
                              February 26,          10 years from the    US$25.36           N/A      US$25.81         6,331           –            –            –                    6,331
                                2021(3)               date of grant
                              March 31,             10 years from the    US$25.61           N/A      US$26.78      148,824            –            –            –                  148,824
                                2021   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              May 7, 2021(3)        10 years from the    US$24.15           N/A      US$24.78        84,240           –            –            –                   84,240
                                                      date of grant
                              May 28, 2021    (3)
                                                    10 years from the    US$27.00           N/A      US$27.58      121,485            –            –            –                  121,485
                                                      date of grant
                              June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A      US$26.53     1,878,695           –            –      108,680      161,278    1,608,737
                                                      date of grant




                                                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                         219
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                              Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                 Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                              day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant              Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                date (Grant) price
                                                                                                     (2)
                                                                                                                          1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees    June 16,                   10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A      US$26.53        17,498           –            –            –             –     17,498
                                 2021(5)                    date of grant
                               June 30,                   10 years from the    US$27.48           N/A      US$27.28        59,397           –            –        5,421        5,863      48,113
                                 2021   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               August 6,                  10 years from the    US$25.84           N/A      US$25.61      150,423            –            –       40,651       41,431      68,341
                                 2021   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               August 31,                 10 years from the    US$23.22           N/A      US$23.72      153,322            –            –            –                  153,322
                                 2021(3)                    date of grant
                               September 30,              10 years from the    US$27.81           N/A      US$28.73        57,018           –            –            –        1,560      55,458
                                 2021(3)                    date of grant
                               November 5,                10 years from the    US$28.38           N/A      US$28.08        45,786           –            –            –       22,555      23,231
                                 2021   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               November 30,               10 years from the    US$26.40           N/A      US$26.85        64,649           –            –            –                   64,649
                                 2021   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               December 31,               10 years from the    US$21.03           N/A      US$20.84        59,332           –            –       12,363       20,332      26,637
                                 2021(3)                    date of grant
                               January 27,                10 years from the    US$17.27           N/A      US$18.61      371,059            –            –            –                  371,059
                                 2022(3)                    date of grant
                               February 28,               10 years from the    US$16.47      US$18.81      US$16.22      171,626            –        3,835       12,168        4,043     151,580
                                 2022   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               March 31,                  10 years from the    US$15.85           N/A      US$15.46      135,694            –            –            –                  135,694
                                 2022   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               May 6, 2022    (3)
                                                          10 years from the    US$12.27      US$14.31      US$12.50        80,821           –        5,824       11,648                   63,349
                                                            date of grant
                               May 31, 2022(3)            10 years from the    US$10.30           N/A      US$10.56      123,604            –            –            –                  123,604
                                                            date of grant
                               June 22, 2022(3)           10 years from the    US$11.74      US$15.41      US$11.98     5,816,690           –      162,162      552,439                 5,102,089
                                                            date of grant
                               June 22, 2022(9)           10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A      US$11.98        11,804           –            –            –                   11,804
                                                            date of grant
                               June 30, 2022        (3)
                                                          10 years from the    US$12.48      US$14.97      US$12.81        77,974           –        3,757            –                   74,217
                                                            date of grant
                               August 31,                 10 years from the    US$12.73           N/A      US$13.32        22,009           –            –            –                   22,009
                                 2022(3)                    date of grant




220            BEIGENE, LTD.     •            2023            ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                       Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                          Price on    day prior                      as of   during the   during the   during the   during the       as of
                                                                       day prior to to exercise     Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant        Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                         date (Grant) price
                                                                                              (2)
                                                                                                                   1, 2023      Period       Period       Period       Period     31, 2023


In Aggregate      Employees   September 30,        10 years from the    US$10.48      US$15.34      US$10.58        66,690           –        3,666            –                   63,024
                                2022(3)              date of grant
                              November 10,         10 years from the    US$13.56           N/A      US$14.52        54,106           –            –        7,930                   46,176
                                2022   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              November 30,         10 years from the    US$13.84           N/A      US$14.74        17,745           –            –            –                   17,745
                                2022   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              December 30,         10 years from the    US$17.22           N/A      US$17.26         7,592           –            –            –                    7,592
                                2022(3)              date of grant
                              January 25,          10 years from the    US$20.52           N/A      US$20.64             –      29,471            –            –                   29,471
                                2023(3)              date of grant
                              February 28,         10 years from the    US$16.62           N/A      US$17.28             –      61,724            –            –                   61,724
                                2023   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              March 31,            10 years from the    US$16.67           N/A      US$16.99             –      63,765            –       11,921                   51,844
                                2023   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              May 5, 2023    (3)
                                                   10 years from the    US$20.05           N/A      US$20.06             –      31,837            –       13,442                   18,395
                                                     date of grant
                              May 31, 2023(3)      10 years from the    US$17.56           N/A      US$17.98             –      19,188            –            –                   19,188
                                                     date of grant
                              June 15, 2023(3)     10 years from the    US$16.01           N/A      US$16.41             –   5,314,374            –      130,845                 5,183,529
                                                     date of grant
                              June 30, 2023(3)     10 years from the    US$13.74           N/A      US$13.82             –      30,277            –            –                   30,277
                                                     date of grant
                              August 3,            10 years from the    US$14.60           N/A      US$16.08             –      66,729            –            –                   66,729
                                2023 (3)             date of grant
                              August 31,           10 years from the    US$16.25           N/A      US$15.97             –      54,314            –            –                   54,314
                                2023 (3)             date of grant
                              September 29,        10 years from the    US$14.17           N/A      US$14.51             –     192,686            –            –                  192,686
                                2023   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              November 13,         10 years from the    US$15.32           N/A      US$15.30             –      24,297            –            –                   24,297
                                2023   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                              November 30,         10 years from the    US$14.09           N/A      US$14.38             –      32,968            –            –                   32,968
                                2023 (3)             date of grant
                              December 29,         10 years from the    US$13.81           N/A      US$13.87             –      50,271            –            –                   50,271
                                2023 (3)             date of grant



Total                                                                                                           58,683,144   9,817,925    5,759,143      958,191      266,975 61,516,760




                                                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                         221
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Notes:


      *      Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and has been
             redesignated as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since April 17, 2023.


      *      Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
             an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.


      (1)    The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the grant date.


      (2)    The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
             day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


      (3)    25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
             anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
             relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
             installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
             25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


      (4)    One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


      (5)    100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
             next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/
             or termination. In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the
             Company on January 22, 2024 and the consulting agreement between Mr. Thomas Malley and the Company dated
             January 23, 2024, options granted to Mr. Thomas Malley on June 15, 2023 shall continue to vest according the
             original vesting schedule throughout the consulting period from January 23, 2024 to June 30, 2024.


      (6)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
             exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
             following the vest of the initial 20%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control
             and/or termination.


      (7)    The options become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, beginning on the last day of the first month after
             grant.


      (8)    The options become exercisable upon satisfaction of specified performance targets, including certain financial targets
             and management targets as set out in the relevant grant letters.


      (9)    50% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 50% become
             exercisable in 12 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
             following the vest of the initial 50%.


      (10)   In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
             January 22, 2024, the options granted to Mr. Thomas Malley shall be exercisable for a period of three years after the
             date that Thomas Malley ceased to be a member of the Board or until the expiration date as agreed in the award
             agreement, if earlier.




222       BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Further details of the outstanding options granted under the 2016 Plan during the Reporting Period are as
        follows:

                               Number
                             of options                                                                   Closing price
                                granted                                                                   of the Shares       Fair value of
                             during the                        Vesting /                                   immediately      the options at
                             Reporting                         Exercise        Exercise   Performance         before the       the date of
Name                             Period        Date of grant     period     price (US$)         targets            grant            grant(3)

Directors

John V. Oyler                 1,349,907        June 15, 2023          (1)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01      US$10,999,987
Xiaodong Wang                   327,249        June 15, 2023          (1)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01       US$2,666,654
Anthony C. Hooper                26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Margaret Han Dugan               26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Donald W. Glazer                 26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Michael Goller                   26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Ranjeev Krishana                 26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Thomas Malley*                   26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Corazon D. Sanders               26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Alessandro Riva                  26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963
Qingqing Yi                      26,975        June 15, 2023          (2)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01        US$199,963

Senior Managements

Xiaobin Wu                     760,851         June 15, 2023          (1)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01       US$6,199,947
Julia Wang                     409,058         June 15, 2023          (1)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01       US$3,333,291
Lai Wang                       507,234         June 15, 2023          (1)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01       US$4,133,298
Chan Lee                       248,950         June 15, 2023          (1)    US$16.41                –       US$16.01       US$2,028,619

Other grantees

Employee Participants
                                          January 25, 2023 –                US$13.82-                        US$13.74-
In aggregate                  5,971,901   December 29, 2023           (1)    US$20.64                –        US$20.52     US$48,738,046


Total                         9,817,925                                                                                    US$83,379,092

        Notes:

        *      Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
               an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.

        (1)    25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
               anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
               relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
               installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
               25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination. The exercise
               period for the options is 10 years from the date of grant.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2023       ANNUAL REPORT              223
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          (2)       100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
                    next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or
                    termination. The exercise period for the options is 10 years from the date of grant. In connection with Mr. Thomas
                    Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024 and the
                    consulting agreement between Mr. Thomas Malley and the Company dated January 23, 2024, options granted to
                    Mr. Thomas Malley on June 15, 2023 shall continue to vest according the original vesting schedule throughout the
                    consulting period from January 23, 2024 to June 30, 2024 and shall be exercisable for a period of three years after
                    the date that Thomas Malley ceased to be a member of the Board or until the expiration date as agreed in the award
                    agreement, if earlier.


          (3)       The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
                    preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined using the binomial method, which is
                    calculated by a third party. The binomial model uses a number of variables to calculate the fair value, including the
                    post-vesting forfeiture rate, the risk-free rate of interest, volatility, contractual life, etc.


          Movements of RSUs under the 2016 Plan

          As of December 31, 2023, the Company has conditionally granted RSUs to 15,899 participants under the
          2016 Plan. All of the RSUs under the 2016 Plan were granted between September 26, 2017 and December
          29, 2023 (both days inclusive).


          As of January 1, 2023, 55,397,173 Shares were outstanding pursuant to RSUs granted under the 2016 Plan,
          and as of December 31, 2023, 66,401,023 Shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
          movements of the unvested RSUs are set out below:


                                                                                                                             Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                       Closing price on
                                                                                       Price on day Outstanding as Granted during     Vested during Forfeited during Outstanding as the day prior to
                                                                                           prior to   of January 1,   the Reporting   the Reporting    the Reporting    of December       vesting date
Name of grantee     Role                            Date of grant    Vesting period      the grant            2023          Period            Period         Period         31, 2023      during 2023(1)


                    Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler       Executive Director,             April 30, 2018               (6)     US$13.37                –               –                 –              –               –                   –
                      Chairman and                  June 26, 2018                (6)     US$12.70                –               –                 –              –               –                   –
                      Chief Executive Officer       June 16, 2021                (6)     US$25.54          109,694               –            36,556              –          73,138          US$15.46
                                                    June 22, 2022                (6)     US$11.74          334,009               –            83,499              –         250,510          US$14.28
                                                    June 15, 2023                (6)     US$16.01                –         355,641                 –              –         355,641                   –
Xiaodong Wang       Non-executive Director          June 26, 2018                (6)     US$12.70                –               –                 –              –               –                   –
                                                    June 16, 2021                (6)     US$25.54           29,250               –             9,750              –          19,500               15.46
                                                    June 22, 2022                (6)     US$11.74           83,499               –            20,865              –          62,634          US$14.28
                                                    June 15, 2023                (6)     US$16.01                –          86,216                 –              –          86,216                   –
Anthony C. Hooper   Independent Non-                June 16, 2021                (7)     US$25.54            7,800               –             7,800              –               –          US$13.87
                      executive Director            June 22, 2022                (7)     US$11.74           16,692               –                 –              –          16,692                   –
                                                    June 15, 2023                (7)     US$16.01                –          12,922                 –              –          12,922                   –




224             BEIGENE, LTD.                   •     2023           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                   Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                 Closing price on
                                                                            Price on day Outstanding as Granted during          Vested during Forfeited during Outstanding as the day prior to
                                                                                prior to    of January 1,   the Reporting       the Reporting   the Reporting     of December       vesting date
Name of grantee    Role                   Date of grant   Vesting period      the grant             2023          Period              Period           Period         31, 2023      during 2023(1)


Margaret Han Dugan Independent Non-       June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692               –              16,692                –               –          US$16.01
                     executive Director   June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                   –                –          12,922                   –


Donald W. Glazer   Independent Non-       June 16, 2021               (7)     US$25.54             7,800               –               7,800                –               –          US$13.87
                     executive Director   June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692               –                   –                –          16,692                   –
                                          June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                   –                –          12,922                   –
Michael Goller     Independent Non-       June 16, 2021               (7)     US$25.54                 –               –                   –                –               –                   –
                     executive Director   June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692               –              16,692                –               –          US$16.01
                                          June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                   –                –          12,922                   –
Ranjeev Krishana   Independent Non-       June 16, 2021               (7)     US$25.54                 –               –                   –                –               –                   –
                     executive Director   June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692               –              16,692                –               –          US$16.01
                                          June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                   –                –          12,922                   –
Thomas Malley*     Independent Non-       June 16, 2021               (7)     US$25.54                 –               –                   –                –               –                   –
                     executive Director   June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692               –              16,692                –               –          US$16.01
                                          June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                   –                –          12,922                   –


Corazon D. Sanders Independent Non-       June 16, 2021               (7)     US$25.54                 –               –                   –                –                –                  –
                     executive Director   June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692               –              16,692                –                –         US$16.01
                                          June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                    –               –          12,922                   –


Alessandro Riva    Independent Non-       June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692                –             16,692                –                –         US$16.01
                     executive Director   June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                    –               –          12,922                   –


Qingqing Yi        Independent Non-       June 16, 2021               (7)     US$25.54                 –                –                   –               –                –                  –
                     executive Director   June 22, 2022               (7)     US$11.74            16,692                –             16,692                –                –         US$16.01
                                          June 15, 2023               (7)     US$16.01                 –          12,922                    –               –          12,922                   –




                                                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023        ANNUAL REPORT                            225
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                        Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                           Outstanding Closing price on
                                                                                                       Outstanding as Granted during     Vested during Forfeited during          as of the day prior to
                                                                                       Price on day     of January 1,   the Reporting    the Reporting    the Reporting   December 31,      vesting date
Name of grantee   Role                       Date of grant         Vesting period prior to the grant            2023          Period           Period            Period          2023      during 2023(1)


                  Senior Management of
                    the Company


Xiaobin Wu        President, Chief Operating April 30, 2018                    (6)        US$13.37           230,009               –          230,009                 –              –        US$19.61
                    Officer and General      June 5, 2019                      (6)         US$9.25           108,368               –          108,368                 –              –        US$17.49
                    Manager of China         June 17, 2020                     (6)        US$13.33            67,093               –           33,527                 –         33,566        US$15.40
                                             June 16, 2021                     (6)        US$25.54            58,500               –           19,500                 –         39,000        US$15.46
                                             June 22, 2022                     (6)        US$11.74           187,876               –           46,969                 –        140,907        US$14.28
                                             June 15, 2023                     (6)        US$16.01                 –         200,447                –                 –        200,447                 –
Julia Wang        Chief Financial Officer    June 30, 2020                     (6)        US$14.55            27,612               –           13,793                 –         13,819        US$13.74
                                             June 16, 2021                     (6)        US$25.54            21,515               –            7,163                 –         14,352        US$15.46
                                             February 28, 2022                 (6)        US$16.47            61,750               –           15,431                 –         46,319        US$16.62
                                             June 22, 2022                     (6)        US$11.74           104,377               –           26,091                 –         78,286        US$14.28
                                             June 15, 2023                     (6)        US$16.01                 –         107,770                –                 –        107,770                 –
Lai Wang          Global Head of R&D         June 26, 2018                     (6)        US$12.70                 –               –                –                 –              –                 –
                                             June 5, 2019                      (6)         US$9.25            18,993               –           18,993                 –              –        US$17.49
                                             June 17, 2020                     (6)        US$13.33            46,592               –           23,283                 –         23,309        US$15.40
                                             June 16, 2021                     (6)        US$25.54            40,222               –           13,403                 –         26,819        US$15.46
                                             June 22, 2022                     (6)        US$11.74           125,255               –           31,304                 –         93,951        US$14.28
                                             June 15, 2023                     (6)        US$16.01                 –         133,627                 –                –        133,627                 –
Chan Lee          SVP, General Counsel       July 29, 2022                     (6)        US$13.45           116,012                –          29,003                 –         87,009        US$16.12
                                             June 15, 2023                     (6)        US$16.01                 –          65,585                 –                –         65,585                 –
                  Other Grantees


In Aggregate      Employees of the Group     Between January 31,               (6)        US$18.55        18,205,967                –       8,433,334         1,470,586      8,302,047                 (2)
                                               2018 to December
                                               31, 2021
                                             Between January 1,                (6)        US$12.28        35,222,434                –       8,496,774         2,826,096     23,899,564                 (3)
                                               2022 to December
                                               31, 2022
                                             Between January 1,                (6)        US$15.62                 –      33,499,765              221         1,410,864     32,088,680                 –
                                               2023 to December
                                               29, 2023




226            BEIGENE, LTD.                 •        2023         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                 Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                       Outstanding Closing price on
                                                                                                Outstanding as Granted during        Vested during Forfeited during          as of the day prior to
                                                                                Price on day     of January 1,   the Reporting       the Reporting    the Reporting   December 31,      vesting date
Name of grantee   Role                Date of grant         Vesting period prior to the grant            2023          Period              Period            Period          2023      during 2023(1)


In Aggregate      Service Providers   Between February 4,               (6)        US$12.01             8,684               –               8,684                 –              –                 (4)
                                       2019 to December
                                       31, 2021
                                      Between January 1,                (8)        US$17.70            23,634               –              23,634                 –              –        US$13.87
                                       2022 to December
                                       31, 2022
                                      Between January 1,                (8)        US$13.81                 –           8,645                   –                 –          8,645
                                       2023 to December
                                       31, 2023


Total                                                                                              55,397,173      34,573,994          17,862,598         5,707,546     66,401,023


Notes:

*         Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as an
          independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.

(1)       The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day
          immediately prior to the date which the RSUs were vested.

(2)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.10 to US$16.92.

(3)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was US$16.92.

(4)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.10 to US$16.92.

(5)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was US$16.92.

(6)       25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee remained
          in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that
          certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set
          forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.

(7)       100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual general
          meeting. Certain RSUs may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination. In connection with
          Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024, the RSUs
          granted to Mr. Thomas Malley that have not vested as of such date has automatically terminated and been forfeited.

(8)       100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
          relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying Shares
          shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s
          employment agreement or offer letter.




                                                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.                    •       2023         ANNUAL REPORT                         227
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Further details of the unvested RSUs granted during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                      Number of
                                    RSUs granted
                                       during the                                                          Price on day        Fair value of
                                       Reporting                                           Performance           prior to      RSUs at the
Name                                       Period        Date of grant   Vesting period          targets       the grant     date of grant(3)

Directors
John V. Oyler                            355,641         June 15, 2023               (1)              –       US$16.01        US$5,499,851
Xiaodong Wang                             86,216         June 15, 2023               (1)              –       US$16.01        US$1,333,297
Anthony C. Hooper                         12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Margaret Han Dugan                        12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Donald W. Glazer                          12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Michael Goller                            12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Renjeev Krishana                          12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Thomas Malley*                            12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Corazon D. Sanders                        12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Alessandro Riva                           12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834
Qingqing Yi                               12,922         June 15, 2023               (2)              –       US$16.01         US$199,834

Senior Management

Xiaobin Wu                               200,447         June 15, 2023               (1)              –       US$16.01        US$3,099,836
Julia Wang                               107,770         June 15, 2023               (1)              –       US$16.01        US$1,666,622
Chan Lee                                  65,585         June 15, 2023               (1)              –       US$16.01        US$1,014,247
Lai Wang                                 133,627         June 15, 2023               (1)              –       US$16.01        US$2,066,490

Other grantees by category

Employee Participants
In aggregate                          33,499,765     January 1, 2023 –               (1)              –       US$15.62      US$521,586,950
                                                    December 29, 2023
Service Providers                           8,645   December 29, 2023                (4)              –       US$13.81         US$119,939


Total                                 34,573,994                                                                            US$558,526,987

        Notes:

        *      Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
               an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.

        (1)    25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee
               remained in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided,
               however, that certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment,
               if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.

        (2)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual
               general meeting. Certain RSUs may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.
               In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
               January 22, 2024, the RSUs granted to Mr. Thomas Malley that have not vested as of such date has automatically
               terminated and been forfeited.

        (3)    The fair values of the RSUs are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
               preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the closing price of the
               Company’s ADSs on NASDAQ on the date of grant.

        (4)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
               relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying
               Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in such
               grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.

228         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.   Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


     The second amended and restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan was approved by our Board on
     November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7, 2018 to amend and restate the 2018 Employee
     Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on June 6, 2018. On June 5, 2019, the Board
     approved Amendment No. 1 to the second amended and restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan.
     In June 2021, our Board adopted the third amended and restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
     to include some technical amendments under U.S. tax rules and to consolidate the changes in the prior
     amendment, which became effective on September 1, 2021.


     Purpose

     The 2018 ESPP is to provide the Company’s employees with the opportunity to acquire an ownership interest
     in the Company, encouraging them to remain in our employ and more closely aligning their interests with
     those of our shareholders.


     The 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at a 15%
     discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at the
     end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.


     The 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has the authority
     to interpret the provisions of the 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in
     administering it.


     Eligible Participants, Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant, Vesting and Exercise Period

     All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who are employed as of the first day of the
     applicable offering and have been employed as of the commencement of the enrollment period for such
     offering are eligible to participate in the 2018 ESPP, other than employees who would own 5% or more of the
     voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to purchase Shares under the 2018 ESPP.


     To participate in the 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount not less
     than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation, including
     regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our Compensation
     Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances
     and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gain on the
     exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT   229
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
      and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
      open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. For the purpose of disclosure in this annual
      report, such offering period is considered to be the vesting period. Any option granted but not exercised by
      the end of an offering will automatically lapse.


      An eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will
      refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full. Partial withdrawals are not permitted.


      Purchase Price and Basis of Determination

      Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the
      first local business day of the offering period or the last local business day of the offering period, whichever is
      lower.


      Accordingly, the number of Shares purchased can only be determined after the end of offering period subject
      to the determination of the purchase price. If the number of unsold Shares that are available for purchase
      under the 2018 ESPP is insufficient to permit exercise of all rights deemed exercised by all participating
      employees, a participation adjustment will be made, and the number of Shares purchasable by all participating
      employees will be reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a participating employee’s account after
      such exercise are refunded to the employee, without interest.


      If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
      the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
      the employee.


      In the event of a recapitalization, reclassification, share split, reverse split, combination of shares, exchange
      of shares, share dividend, or similar event, the number and kind of shares that may be purchased under the
      2018 ESPP will be adjusted proportionately such that the proportionate interest of participating employees
      remains the same, to the extent practicable. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will
      be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or
      substituted, the offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by
      setting a new exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.




230    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

A maximum of 7,355,315 Shares are available for grant under the 2018 ESPP.


As at January 1, 2023, 3,666,071 Shares were available for grant under the 2018 ESPP. The aforementioned
figure had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which commenced from
September 1, 2022 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at January 1, 2023. During
the Reporting Period, 1,724,996 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees pursuant to
the 2018 ESPP. It follows that, as at December 31, 2023 and April 17, 2024, 1,941,075 and 919,678 Shares
were available for grant under the 2018 ESPP, respectively. The aforementioned figure as at December 31,
2023 had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which commenced from
September 1, 2023 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at December 31, 2023.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

A maximum of 7,355,315 Shares are available for purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP. As at January
1, 2023, 3,666,071 new Shares were available for purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP. During the
Reporting Period, 1,724,996 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees pursuant to the
2018 ESPP following the end of the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2022 and March
1, 2023. It follows that, as at December 31, 2023 and April 17, 2024, 1,941,075 and 919,678 Shares (being
approximately 0.07% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 17, 2024) were available for
purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP, respectively.


Remaining Life of the 2018 ESPP

The 2018 ESPP took effect on September 1, 2021 and shall remain in effect for ten years from December 7,
2018 unless terminated earlier by the Board. The remaining life of the 2018 ESPP is approximately 4.5 years.


Grants under the 2018 ESPP

3,039 and 3,218 eligible employees (including senior management members) participated in the 2018 ESPP
during the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2022 and March 1, 2023, respectively.




                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          231
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Details of the grants under the 2018 ESPP are as follows:

                                                                                                  Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                        deduction
                                                                             Purchase price    amounts authorized
                                                                           in respect of the        by the eligible
                                                                          Shares purchased       employees at the
                                                                           at the end of the      beginning of the
                                                                             offering period       offering period
                                                                                      which                 which                Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                                 commenced on          commenced on                purchased during
                             First day of                      Vesting/        September 1,         September 1,           the Reporting Period
Name                         offering period            Offering period          2022 (US$)       2022 (US$) Note (1)                (US$) Note (2)

Senior Management

Xiaobin Wu                   September 1, 2022               6 months             US$11.19           US$10,626.76                    US$10,617
                                                                                                                              (equivalent to 949
                                                                                                                        Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                            on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                   of US$11.19)
Other grantees by category

Employee Participants        September 1, 2022               6 months             US$11.19          US$10,403,119                US$10,403,119
                                                                                                                          (equivalent to 929,903
                                                                                                                        Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                            on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                   of US$11.19)
Total                                                                                                                            US$10,413,736

        Notes:

        1.     The closing price of the Shares immediately before September 1, 2022 is US$13.20 (equivalent to approximately
               HK$103.60), and the fair value of the Shares at the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$12,251,444
               (equivalent to approximately HK$96,153,743). There are no performance targets attached to the participation in the
               2018 ESPP for the offering period which commenced on September 1, 2022.

        2.     During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at
               the beginning of the offering period which commenced on September 1, 2022 and taking into account any eligible
               employees who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP during such offering period, such relevant amounts of authorized
               payroll reduction were used to purchase an aggregate of 930,852 Shares at the purchase price of US$11.19 at the
               end of the offering period (i.e. February 28, 2023). The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately
               before the end of the offering period (i.e. February 28, 2023) is US$17.28 (equivalent to approximately HK$135.58),
               and the fair value of the total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$16,084,407 (equivalent to
               approximately HK$126,195,362).

        3.     The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced
               on September 1, 2022 is US$10,413,736 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is
               930,852.

        4.     As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will refund
               such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible
               employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such final amount of payroll deduction
               authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as practicable after the end of each
               offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end of each offering period.


232          BEIGENE, LTD.        •      2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                   Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                         deduction
                                                                            Purchase price amounts authorized
                                                                           in respect of the         by the eligible
                                                                          Shares purchased     employees at the
                                                                           at the end of the       beginning of the
                                                                             offering period        offering period
                                                                                     which                    which               Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                                 commenced on           commenced on                purchased during
                             First day of                     Vesting/             March 1,                March 1,         the Reporting Period
Name                         offering period            Offering period         2023 (US$)         2023 (US$) Note (1)                (US$) Note (2)


Senior Management


Xiaobin Wu                   March 1, 2023                   6 months             US$13.57                US$9,174                     US$9,174
                                                                                                                               (equivalent to 767
                                                                                                                         Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                             on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                    of US$13.57)
Other grantees by category


Employee Participants        March 1, 2023                   6 months             US$13.57          US$11,236,093                US$11,236,093
                                                                                                                           (equivalent to 793,468
                                                                                                                         Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                             on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                    of US$13.57)
Total                                                                                                                            US$11,245,267


        Notes:


        1.     The closing price of the Shares immediately before March 1, 2023 is US$17.28 (equivalent to approximately
               HK$135.64), and the fair value of the Shares at the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$14,411,089
               (equivalent to approximately HK$113,103,700). There are no performance targets attached to the participation in the
               2018 ESPP for the offering period which commenced on March 1, 2023.


        2.     During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at the
               beginning of the offering period which commenced on March 1, 2023 and taking into account any eligible employees
               who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP during such offering period, such relevant amounts of authorized payroll reduction
               were used to purchase an aggregate of 794,235 Shares at the purchase price of US$13.57 at the end of the offering
               period (i.e. August 31, 2023). The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the end of the
               offering period (i.e. August 31, 2023) is US$15.97 (equivalent to approximately HK$125.33), and the fair value of the
               total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$12,678,814 (equivalent to approximately HK$99,483,176).


        3.     The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced on
               March 1, 2023 is US$11,245,267 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is 794,235.




                                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.             •      2023        ANNUAL REPORT             233
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will
refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll deduction authorized by
eligible employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such final amount of payroll
deduction authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as practicable after the
end of each offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end of each offering
period.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS


There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION


The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES


During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s securities listed on the HKEx.


Notwithstanding the above, during the Reporting Period, 23,273,108 ordinary shares were transferred by BMS-
Celgene to the Company (please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 2 August 2023 for details) and were
cancelled on November 1, 2023.




234       BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. As of the date of this
annual report, the Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Anthony C.
Hooper (redesignated as an independent non-executive Director since April 17, 2023), Dr. Olivier Brandicourt and
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Effective as of September 13, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper has been appointed
as the chair of the Audit Committee and Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee
but remains a member of the Audit Committee. On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board.
In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee. Effective as
of January 23, 2024, the Board appointed Dr. Olivier Brandicourt as an independent non-executive Director to fill
the vacancy arising from the resignation of Mr. Malley. In connection with his appointment to the Board, effective as
of January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt has been appointed to serve as a member of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2023. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the
external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HK LISTING RULES


The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the HK Listing
Rules.


PUBLIC FLOAT


As at April 17, 2024 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of
the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the HKEx.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          235
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDITORS


The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEx since August 8, 2018, and there has been
no change in auditors in 2023.


The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting, United States financial
reporting and PRC financial reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP and Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP, respectively. We will ask shareholders to ratify the appointments of Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young
LLP and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP as our independent auditors at the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders of
the Company.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 17, 2024




236    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2023.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES


The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to the Company’s shareholders.


The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has applied the principles in the Corporate Governance Code as set out
in Appendix C1 to the HK Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) which are applicable to the Company
and complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code save for the following deviations.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected
to comply with, but may choose to deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and
the Chief Executive Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not
have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles.
Our Board believes that Mr. John V. Oyler is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus
of the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board also believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective
execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. Our
Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a
time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Company as a whole. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure
of the Company based upon its view of what is in the best interest of the Company. Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles or if the
Chairman does not otherwise qualify as independent, the independent Directors may elect a lead director. Mr.
Ranjeev Krishana, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, currently serves as the lead director.
The Board believes our current Board leadership structure will help ensure continuity of strong and effective
leadership. The lead director has responsibilities that are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
including presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of
the independent directors; consulting with management regarding Board meeting schedules, locations, agendas
and materials; and calling meetings of the independent and non-management Directors, when appropriate.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           237
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance
Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Audit Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules and the rules of the
SEC. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to monitor the integrity of our financial
statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements
and accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and review all related
party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions. As of the date of
this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Anthony
C. Hooper (redesignated as an independent non-executive Director since April 17, 2023), Dr. Olivier Brandicourt and
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Effective as of September 13, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper has been appointed
as the chair of the Audit Committee and Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee
but remains a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, being the chair of the Audit Committee, is
appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules. On January 22, 2024, Mr.
Thomas Malley resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Thomas Malley also
resigned from the Audit Committee. Effective as of January 23, 2024, the Board appointed Dr. Olivier Brandicourt as
an independent non-executive Director to fill the vacancy arising from the resignation of Mr. Malley. In connection
with his appointment to the Board, effective as of January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt has been appointed to
serve as a member of the Audit Committee.


Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Compensation Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Compensation Committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to
director compensation, evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer
and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer and review and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the terms of their compensation, and review and approve the compensation of our other executive
officers and senior management, and review and approve matters relating to incentive-based compensation
plans and equity-based plans. As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises three
independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Qingqing Yi.
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee.


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.27A of the HK Listing Rules
and the Corporate Governance Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph B.3.1 of the
Corporate Governance Code. However, the charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee are to develop and recommend to the Board criteria for board and committee membership, recommend
to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the Board’s committees, and
develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. As of the date of this annual
report, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises four independent non-executive Directors,
namely, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (redesignated as an independent
non-executive Director since April 17, 2023) and Dr. Alessandro Riva. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chair of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.




238    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code during the Reporting Period.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS


Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HK Listing Rules regarding the directors’ dealings in
the securities of the Company.


Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code, a director must not deal in any securities of the issuer without first notifying
in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board for the specific purpose and
receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing policies, the General Counsel of
the Company, has been designated as the insider trading compliance officer whom a director who intends to deal
in the Company’s securities must notify. The Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite
not being a member of the Board, is able to carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the
Company’s insider dealing policies, the terms of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model
Code.


Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from January 1,
2023 up to the date of this annual report.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          239
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board currently comprises eleven members, consisting of one executive Director, one non-executive Director
and nine independent non-executive Directors.


During the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board
comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent non-executive Directors*


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi

*     Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director.


      The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive Director effective from April 17, 2023. For
      the period up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the Company.


      On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The
      decision by Mr. Malley to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices
      of the Company. There is no matter in respect of Mr. Malley’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
      shareholders of the Company or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In connection with his resignation from the
      Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.




240     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


In 2023, the Board at all times met the requirements of the HK Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the Company considers all of the independent
non-executive Directors are independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2026 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2024 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2025 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.


We undertook to the HKEx to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy to retire and seek re-election at
the next annual general meeting following their appointment. For details, please refer to our Prospectus.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          241
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT


The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.


The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement, views and input on
corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.




242    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD COMMITTEES


The Board has established five committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the HKEx.


Audit Committee


The Audit Committee’s roles and functions include:


•    appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
     public accounting firms;


•    approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
     independent registered public accounting firms;


•    reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
     management responsible for preparing our financial statements;


•    reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
     annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
     practices used by us;


•    reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;


•    establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
     complaints and concerns;


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEx and
     SSE;


•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
     as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;


•    preparing the Audit Committee report;


•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions;




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT      243
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
      filings with the SEC, HKEx and SSE; and


•     overseeing and managing the use of proceeds from STAR Offering.


As of the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
(redesignated as an independent non-executive Director since April 17, 2023), Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (appointed
as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee effective January 23, 2024) and
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Effective September 13, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper has been appointed as
the chair of the Audit Committee and Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee but
remains a member of the Audit Committee. Effective January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as a
member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, being the chair of the Audit Committee, and Dr. Corazon
(Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-executive Directors appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2)
and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee held 12 meetings during the year ended December 31, 2023. Individual attendance of each
committee member is set out on page 253 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things, the Audit
Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management systems of the
Group. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC, the
NASDAQ and the HKEx. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.beigene.com
under “Investors – HKEx investors – Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx. During 2023, the Audit
Committee’s major work included reviewing the 2022 annual report as well as the related results announcement,
the 2023 interim report and interim results announcement, and the 2023 quarterly financial reports, reviewing
the external auditors’ plans, reports, fees, involvement in non-audit services and their terms of engagement, and
reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control systems and associated
procedures.


Compensation Committee


The Compensation Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief
      Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial
      Officer;


•     evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and General
      Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives, reviewing
      and assessing the results of the most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation and
      recommending to the Board for approval their compensation based on that evaluation and vote results (to the
      extent the Compensation Committee deems appropriate);


•     reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers and key officers;


•     developing and implementing our overall management compensation and policy to align the interests of
      management with our shareholders’;

244    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;


•    evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
     standards;


•    retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;


•    reviewing and approving matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans and equity-based plans;


•    reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;


•    reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;


•    overseeing and administering a compensation recovery policy including, without limitation, a policy designed
     to comply with any rules or regulations adopted by the SEC and NASDAQ pursuant to Section 10D of the
     Exchange Act;


•    periodically reviewing compliance of Directors and officers with the Company’s share ownership guidelines as
     may be in effect from time to time;


•    preparing the compensation committee report; and


•    reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis.


As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev
Krishana and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee.


Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023
are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management ranges from HK$15,000,001 to HK$135,000,000.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           245
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Compensation Committee held seven meetings during the year ended December 31, 2023. Individual
attendance of each committee member is set out on page 253 of this annual report. During the meetings, the
Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on
determining the annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management. The Compensation
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.
beigene.com under “Investors – HKEX investors – Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx. During
2023, the Compensation Committee’s major work included reviewing and recommending to the Board in respect
of the compensation policy and structure by benchmarking peer companies with a similar scale to ensure that
the Company’s compensation packages are competitive to recruit the best talents in the industry and to retain
key staff; reviewing and recommending to the Board on the compensation packages for the directors; assessing
performance; reviewing and approving adjustments to the compensation packages for the senior managements;
and reviewing and approving matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans and equity-based plans
(including the grants of share options and restricted share units to employees and Directors under the 2016
Plan and the purchase of Shares by employees under the 2018 ESPP, which were made and announced by the
Company during the Reporting Period.


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;


•     establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
      recommended by shareholders;


•     identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;


•     recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
      committees;


•     developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines;


•     overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management; and


•     reviewing and discussing with the Board corporate succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other
      key officers.


As of the date of this annual report, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Donald W.
Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Alessandro Riva. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chair of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.




246    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2023.
Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 253 of this annual report. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is
available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors – HKEX investors – Corporate Governance” and
the website of the HKEx. During 2023, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members reviewed
the structure, size and composition of the Board, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the
director appointment, the re-election of the directors at the 2023 annual general meeting and the board committee
membership through acting by written consent. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has also
assessed the independence of the Directors, taking into account of the independence guidelines set out in Rule
3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the NASDAQ Listing Rules and reviewed and monitored policies and practices
on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board to ensure compliance with the Corporate
Governance Code.


Scientific Advisory Committee


The Scientific Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s research and development
     plans and programs;


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
     any research or development performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs;
     and


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
     capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key scientific and technical personnel and
     the depth and breadth of the Company’s scientific resources.


The Scientific Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Scientific Advisory
Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2023. Individual attendance of each committee
member is set out on page 253 of this annual report. As of the date of this annual report. the Scientific Advisory
Committee comprises Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr.
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Dr. Alessandro Riva, serve as the co-
chairs of the Scientific Advisory Committee. Effective January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as a
member of the Scientific Advisory Committee. The Scientific Advisory Committee operates under a written charter
adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors – HKEX investors –
Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT         247
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s commercial strategy and plans
      and competitiveness of the Company’s commercial programs;


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s medical affairs strategy and
      plans and competitiveness of the Company’s medical affairs programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any commercial and medical affairs performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation
      programs; and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key commercial and medical affairs
      personnel and the depth and breadth of the Company’s commercial and medical affairs resources.


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2023.
Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 253 of this annual report. As of the date of
this annual report, the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee comprises Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Dr.
Olivier Brandicourt (appointed as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective
March 19, 2024), Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Mr. Anthony
C. Hooper is the chair of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. The Commercial Medical Affairs
Advisory Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at
www.beigene.com under “Investors – HKEX investors – Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.




248    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY


The Company’s Board Diversity Policy sets out the Company’s approach to diversity on the Board. Pursuant to
the Board Diversity Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews annually the structure,
size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board.
In reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers, among
other characteristics, the nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, skills, expertise, and industry and regional experience
of board members and nominees. The Board Diversity Policy further provides that our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will discuss and, where necessary, agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity
on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the
factors identified above and to recruit a Director or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement.
The Board has achieved its goal of recruiting at least one female Director in 2020. In 2022, the Board elected a
new female director. The Board is currently comprised of eleven directors, two of whom are female. The Board
Diversity Policy is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors – HKEX investors – Corporate
Governance.”


Board Diversity Matrix


The following Board Diversity Matrix presents our Board diversity statistics.


                                                                                               As of April 17, 2024
Total Number of Directors                                                                                  11
                                                                                                Female              Male


Part I: Gender Identity
Directors                                                                                              2              9
Part II: Demographic Background
Asian                                                                                                  1              3
White                                                                                                                 6
Two or More Races of Ethnicities                                                                       1
LGBTQ+                                                                                                          1


WORKFORCE GENDER DIVERSITY


Having a diverse workforce that reflects the diversity of our global patient population is crucial for our success.
In 2023, the Company maintained gender parity in all levels of the organization below Vice President. At the Vice
President and above level, the Company saw the percentage of women increase from 33% in 2022 to 38% in
2023. Additionally, the percentage of total U.S. colleagues identifying as members of under-represented groups
increased to 55% in 2023, in comparison to 52% in 2022. Moving forward, the Company will work to increase the
representation of individuals from underrepresented groups within management levels. For further details, please
refer to the disclosure in the Company’s Responsible Business & Sustainability Report published on the same day
as this annual report.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT            249
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION POLICY


As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria that
it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria as it
deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board for its consideration and approval criteria for
director candidates. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates. The Board may,
however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.


The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Diversity Policy and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with the
Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director and to
fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party search
firms to identify director candidates. For example, in 2021, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
engaged a third-party search firm to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including,
among other things, the skills of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other
background characteristics, his or her independence and the needs of the Board.


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with respect to a fixed set
of specific minimum qualifications for its candidates for membership on the Board of Directors. Our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee and Board may therefore consider a broad range of factors relating to
the qualifications and background of nominees, which may include diversity as set forth in the Board Diversity
Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members
is identification of persons who will further the interests of our shareholders through their established record
of professional accomplishment, the ability to contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board
members, knowledge of our business, understanding of the competitive landscape, and professional and personal
experiences and relevant expertise.




250    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Articles
and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the
shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is
not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; (c) the candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background,
current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years;
(d) a description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board
membership approved by our Board of Directors; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between
the shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular
for our next general meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information
regarding the candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules
and HK Listing Rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or
about the shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including
information about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the
candidate and any such other beneficial owner.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE


The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in
place effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board. The current composition of the Board, comprising
nine independent non-executive Directors. The members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are all independent non-executive Directors, exceeding the
independence requirements under the HK Listing Rules. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors
are subject to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and
workload. The independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his/her appointment
and annually.


Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be
considered by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent
professional advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, whenever deemed
necessary. The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the
ability to devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.


The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-
executive Directors can express their views in an open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances
requires.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT       251
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY


The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, by, or of, its Directors, officers,
employees, agents or consultants or any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts
the anti-corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which may lead to or give the
appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct which is
clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary. The Company expects and encourages employees
of the Group and those who deal with the Group (e.g. suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to report to the
Company, in confidence, any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. The Audit
Committee receives quarterly reports on anti-corruption and significant compliance program activities.


The Company also adopts the whistleblowing policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting
possible improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in the
formal system. Any material improprieties related to the Company will be reported to the Audit Committee.


These policies are reviewed from time to time to time ensure their relevance and appropriateness to the Group’s
business, corporate strategy and stakeholder expectations.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing policies,
and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report. The Board has performed the above duties during the year ended December 31, 2023.




252     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS


The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings held
during the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out below.


                                                                       Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                                       Commercial
                                                                                   Nominating                          and Medical
                                                                                and Corporate             Scientific        Affairs
                                                       Audit   Compensation       Governance              Advisory        Advisory    Shareholder
Name of Director                        Board      Committee     Committee         Committee             Committee      Committee        Meeting


Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                         5/5           N/A            N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A             1/1
Non-executive Director:
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                         5/5           N/A            N/A                N/A                   4/4           N/A             0/1
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                    5/5           N/A             6/7               N/A                   4/4            4/4            1/1
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                      5/5           N/A            N/A                4/4                   N/A           N/A             1/1
Mr. Michael Goller                        5/5           N/A            N/A                3/4                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper(1)                  4/5          12/12           N/A                4/4                   N/A            4/4            1/1
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                      5/5           N/A             7/7               N/A                   N/A            4/4            1/1
Mr. Thomas Malley(2)                      5/5          11/12           N/A                N/A                   2/4           N/A             1/1
Dr. Alessandro Riva                       5/5           N/A            N/A                4/4                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders           5/5          11/12           N/A                N/A                   4/4            4/4            1/1
Mr. Qingqing Yi                           4/5           N/A             7/7               N/A                   4/4           N/A             1/1

Notes:


(1)      The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive Director effective from April 17, 2023.
         Effective September 13, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper has been appointed as the chair of the Audit Committee.


(2)      Effective as of January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned as an independent non-executive Director and a member of
         the Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.              •      2023          ANNUAL REPORT            253
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with code provision C.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of
the Board and our only executive Director, also held meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors during the year ended December 31, 2023.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023.


The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2023 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS


The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.


The Company arranges a formal and comprehensive induction to a newly appointed Director to ensure that the
Director has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware of the director’s
responsibilities under the HK Listing Rules and SFO, and other legal and regulatory requirements.


The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the HK
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties. The Company also encourages the Directors to attend relevant training
courses provided by legal advisors and/or any appropriate institutions.




254    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For the year ended December 31, 2023, Mr. John V. Oyler, Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr.
Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Mr. Thomas Malley, Dr.
Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi all participated in continuing professional
development regarding their duties and responsibilities as a director of a listed company which included reading
materials and/or attending training.


Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board. In January 2024, Dr. Olivier
Brandicourt participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, our legal
adviser as to Hong Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the HK Listing Rules and
the SFO. Dr. Olivier Brandicourt confirms that he (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of
the HK Listing Rules on January 12, 2024, and (ii) understands his obligations as a director of a listed issuer under
the HK Listing Rules.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION


The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, in respect
of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is set out below:


Services Category                                                                    Fees paid and payable
                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                     (US$’000)             (US$’000)


Audit services                                                                            7,057                7,037
Non-audit services                                                                           64                   57


Total                                                                                     7,121                7,094


Audit services consist of services for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting for SEC filings, quarterly review of financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, services related to the Company’s Hong Kong Stock Exchange filings, services related to the
Company’s STAR Market listing, annual report filings and other statutory and regulatory filings.


Non-audit services in 2023 mainly consist of tax advisory services.


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT         255
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


Collaboration with Amgen


As disclosed in this annual report, on October 31, 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered into a collaboration agreement with Amgen, which became
effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”) and pursuant to which BeiGene and Amgen
agreed to enter into a strategic collaboration on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®,
BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® (the “In-Line Products”) in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) and the
global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology
pipeline products (the “Pipeline Products”, together with the In-Line Products, the “Products”). Amgen is a
substantial shareholder holding approximately 18.2% of the issued share capital of the Company and, therefore,
a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. As a result, the transactions
contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s
oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) for
a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA® commencing following the transition of
operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we have the option to retain
one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties have agreed to
equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization period. After
expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be transitioned back to
Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China of each
product for an additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical – and late-preclinical-
stage oncology pipeline products.. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we
and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene Switzerland contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. BeiGene will be eligible to receive
tiered mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China on a product-by-product and
country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory
exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20
years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.




256    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, BeiGene will have the right to commercialize the product
for seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, BeiGene
will have the right to retain approximately one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than
sotorasib (AMG 510), to commercialize for as long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the
seven-year commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and BeiGene will be eligible
to received tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The
parties are subject to specified exclusivity requirements in China and the rest of the world.


In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for
BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i)
stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023
and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of
AMG 510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Under Rule 14A.52 of the HK Listing Rules, the period of an agreement for a continuing connected transaction
must be fixed. However, the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement is for an unspecified term as it will, unless
terminated in accordance with its terms, remain in effect. Under Rule 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, an annual
cap in monetary terms must be set for a continuing connected transaction. The Company applied for, and the HKEx
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rules 14A.52 and 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, subject to the
following conditions:


(a)   the Company will comply with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules if there are any material changes to the terms of the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement;


(b)   the Company’s independent non-executive directors from time to time will ensure that the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement are undertaken in accordance with its terms;


(c)   the Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company will use his best endeavours to supervise
      the compliance with the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreements and applicable HK Listing Rules
      requirements to the extent not waived by the HKEx on a regular basis;


(d)   the independent non-executive directors and the auditors of the Company will review the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement on an annual basis and confirm in the Company’s annual
      reports the matters set out in Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, respectively; and


(e)   in the event of any future amendments to the HK Listing Rules imposing more stringent requirements than
      those as at the date of the announcement published by the Company on November 1, 2019 via the HKEx, the
      Company will take immediate steps to ensure compliance with such new requirements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT       257
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the transaction amounts arising from the costs and revenues of
the commercialization of the products and the royalties to be received by the Company shall be determined in
accordance with the below formulae:


(a)   Caps in relation to the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products


      The Company and Amgen will share equally in the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products
      in China in accordance with the following formula:


      Net profit to be received/net loss to be bore by the Company = 50% x (net revenue of the relevant Product –
      manufacturing actual costs – commercialization and related costs)


(b)   Caps in relation to royalties


      •     Global Ex-China Royalties


            During the applicable Global Pipeline Royalty Term (the period beginning on the first commercial sale
            of a Pipeline Product in a country (other than China) and expiring on the latest of (i) the expiration of
            the last valid patent claim, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or (iii) the earlier of (x) eight years
            after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale or (y) 20 years from the date of first
            commercial sale of the product anywhere in the world), the Company will be eligible to receive tiered
            mid-single digit royalties on global net sales outside of China on a sliding scale for each Pipeline Product
            (other than AMG 510) in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = incremental annual global net revenue of the relevant Pipeline Product outside
            China x the applicable royalty rate


      •     China Royalties


            During the applicable five-year period beginning on the return of a Product to Amgen, the Company will
            be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China on a sliding
            scale for each Product returned to Amgen in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = annual net revenue of the relevant returned Product in China x the applicable
            royalty rate




258       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company will receive from Amgen quarterly financial information
regarding the royalty calculation and the Company is entitled to specified audit right.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company’s payment obligations, whether in cash or in kind,
towards the development of the Pipeline Products shall be subject to an aggregate maximum of US$1.25 billion.
The Company will also share in the costs of developing additional indications for the In-Line products in China,
subject to an annual maximum contribution by the Company of US$12.5 million and an aggregate maximum of
US$37.5 million over the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Confirmation from Our Independent Non-executive Directors


Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing
Connected Transactions”) contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, and confirmed the Continuing
Connected Transactions have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b)
on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) the terms of the Continuing Connected Transactions are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of our shareholders as a whole.


Confirmation from Auditor


To comply with Rule 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young (the “Auditor”) to
conduct certain procedures in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard
on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the HKICPA. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the
Board that, with respect to the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023: (a) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to
believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of Directors;
(b) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
policies of the Group; and (c) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Continuing
Connected Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
governing such transactions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT        259
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Direct Purchase Option


On March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Amgen SPA in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which agreement was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in
an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6%
of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s
interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i)
is exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by us under our equity
incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) is subject to annual approval by our independent shareholders each
year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen and its
affiliates collectively own less than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s
sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes
to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) December 1, 2023. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting
period.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 18, 2020, September 25, 2020
and the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated October 9, 2020.


In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate of
165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of US$50,000,000 in a
private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment. Amgen did not exercise it Direct Purchase Option
in 2022 and 2023.


Except as disclosed hereunder, no share was issued under the Direct Purchase Option as of the date of this annual
report.




260       BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


We have entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing
connected transaction, as disclosed in this annual report.


Grants of RSUs to Directors


On June 15, 2023, following the approval of the independent shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting,
the Company granted RSUs representing 27,357 ADSs to Mr. John V. Oyler, RSUs representing 6,632 ADSs to Dr.
Xiaodong Wang, and RSUs representing 994 ADSs to each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely,
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana,
Mr. Thomas Malley, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders, and Mr. Qingqing Yi under the 2016
Plan, the total number of such underlying Shares amounting to 558,155 Shares. Each grantee was a director of the
Company at the date of the grant, and therefore a connected person of the Company. The awards are granted,
among other terms, for nil consideration, and represents the right to receive one Share on the date it vests. Such
grants are part of the Company’s compensation program and aim to retain and motivate the Directors to participate
in the formulation of strategy and long-term development of the Company.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated April 18, 2023 and June 20, 2023 and
the circular of the Company dated April 27, 2023.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


We have established an employee participation program, which allowed certain executive officers and qualified
employees of our PRC subsidiaries to indirectly participate in the STAR Offering and purchase certain RMB Shares
through an asset management plan administrated by China International Capital Corporation Limited (“RMB Shares
Employee Participation Plan”). The RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan participated in the STAR Offering as
a strategic investor and purchased 2,069,546 RMB Shares in the STAR Offering for an aggregate purchase price of
RMB399.43 million pursuant to a strategic investor placement agreement. The RMB Shares Employee Participation
Plan has 137 individual participants, including two of our executive officers, Xiaobin Wu and Lai Wang. Dr. Wu and
Dr. Wang invested RMB15 million and RMB10 million, respectively, in the RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan.


Details of other related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in Note
26 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.


None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT        261
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS


The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.


We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.


We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management and internal control policies in various
aspects.


Financial Reporting Risk Management


As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.


Information System Risk Management


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.




262    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Human Resources Risk Management


We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.


In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.


We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy


With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a Board-
approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed annually
by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date have
been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit Committee. There
have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         263
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:


•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;


•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;


•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and


•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.


We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting to ensure that our internal
control system is effective and adequate in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business
operations. We also maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of
internal control and reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies


Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.


Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information
(including inside information). All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of
Conduct. Future Directors, officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning
service at the Company. All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their
review and agreement to comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the
supervision of our Board or a committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the
Code of Conduct, and (ii) when appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of
the Code of Conduct.




264     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Handling and Disseminating Inside Information


The Group has adopted adequate and effective internal control measures to regulate dealings with and the
dissemination of inside information. These measures also serve to prohibit the unauthorized access to and use of
inside information, and to ensure that dealings with and the dissemination of inside information by the Group meets
the requirements of the SFO.


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems


For the year ended December 31, 2023, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate. Such review covers
the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of our accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to our ESG performance and reporting, and the
matters covered in code provision D.2.3 of the Corporate Governance Code.


COMPANY SECRETARY


Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial matters
and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s primary
contact person within the Company is Mr. Chan Lee, Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the HK Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders and Putting Forward Proposals at General
Meetings


Pursuant to articles 61 and 62 of our Articles, an extraordinary general meeting of our Company shall be convened
on a members’ requisition put forth by our shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate
not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of such of the issued Shares as at that date of the deposit carries the
right of voting at general meetings of our Company. The requisition must state the object of the meeting, set forth a
form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the meeting and must be signed by the
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit
of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene
a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months after the
expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          265
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details


The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94
Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.


For a shareholder’s communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the
Board, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail
or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris
Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director].


Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has established
a range of communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These
include (i) the Company’s securityholder communication policy providing every securityholder the ability to
communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual directors on the Board through an established process
for securityholder communication; (ii) the publication of interim and annual reports and/or dispatching circulars,
notices, and other announcements; (iii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary general meeting providing a
forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views with the Board; (iv) updated and key information
of the Group available on the Company’s website and HKEx’s website; (v) the Company’s share registrar in Hong
Kong serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters; and (vi) convening investor meeting and/
or analyst briefings, which led by our senior managements and investor relations team with existing and potential
investors.




266    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of its securityholders’ communication policy
for the year ended 31 December 2023, including the steps taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries
received and the multiple communication channels in place. The Company is of the view that the policy is effective
and has been properly implemented.


With the expansion of paperless listing regime and electronic dissemination of corporate communications
coming into effect on December 31, 2023, the Company will disseminate the future corporate communications
of the Company (“Corporate Communications”) to its shareholders electronically and only send Corporate
Communications in printed form upon request. For details of arrangement for dissemination of Corporate
Communications, please refer to the Company’s Notification Letters filed with HKEx on February 28, 2024 or visit
the Company’s website at www.beigene.com.


Notwithstanding the above, to the extent required under applicable rules, including rules of the SEC, the Company
will mail printed copies of proxy materials for general meetings of shareholders, including Proxy Statement/Circular
and Annual Report on Form 10-K.


The Company endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual
general meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming 2024 annual general meeting, Directors (or their
delegates as appropriate) will be available in person or via teleconference to meet shareholders and answer their
enquiries.


CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS


The memorandum and articles of association of the Company was amended and restated as Sixth Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Sixth Restated Articles”) with effect from December 15,
2021. A proposal was made to amend the Sixth Restated Articles at the annual general meeting held on June
15, 2023 in order to comply with the core shareholder protection standards as set out in Appendix A1 to the HK
Listing Rules and certain corporate governance requirements of the HK Listing Rules and to incorporate certain
housekeeping changes. The details of the amendments are set out in our circular dated April 27, 2023, which was
published on the websites of the HKEx (www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company. Such amendments were approved
by our Shareholders at the annual general meeting, and the Seventh Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association became effective from June 16, 2023.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT         267
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of BeiGene, Ltd.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 273 to 367, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2023,
and the consolidated statement of operations, the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss, the consolidated
statement of shareholders’ equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes
to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”
or “GAAP”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


Basis for opinion


We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We
are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA
Code) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters


Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




268    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (continued)


 Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Accrual of research and development expenses

 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the                 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
 Company recognized US$1,778.6 million in research            and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
 and development (“R&D”) expenses. The balance of             over the accrual of the R&D expenses. For example,
 accrued external R&D activities related expenses as          we tested controls over management’s review of
 of December 31, 2023 amounted to approximately               the R&D accrual method and the estimates of the
 US$163.0 million. As described in Note 2 to the              actual services performed by the Outsourced Service
 consolidated financial statements, R&D expenses              Providers.
 include costs related to clinical trials paid to third-
 party contract research organizations and contract           To test the accrual of R&D expenses, our audit
 manufacturing organizations (collectively referred to as     procedures included, among others, reading the
 “Outsourced Service Providers”).                             contracts with Outsourced Service Providers on a
                                                              sampling basis and understanding and testing the
 Auditing the accrual of R&D expenses related to              estimates on the progress of clinical trial activities
 Outsourced Service Providers is complex because              developed by management. Testing management’s
 the clinical trial activities with the Outsourced Service    estimates involved evaluating management’s
 Providers are typically performed over an extended           assumptions used in the calculation related to the
 period with several milestones for the services in each      clinical trial activities and associated timelines,
 agreement. As a result, R&D expenses are allocated           invoicing to date and the provisions in the contracts.
 to each financial reporting period based upon the            We then evaluated the accrual of R&D expenses by
 progress of the clinical trial activities. Determining       comparing it to the subsequent progress billings
 the progress of the clinical trial activities requires       issued by the Outsourced Service Providers. We
 significant estimates and judgement. These estimates         also assessed the accrual methodology used by
 are based on several factors, including management’s         the Company, including the adequacy of related
 knowledge of the clinical trial activities associated        disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
 with timelines, invoicing to date and the provisions in
 the contracts. Changes in these estimates can have
 a material effect on the amount of R&D expenses
 recognized during the reporting period.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            269
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Other information included in the Annual Report


The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




270    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements


Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT      271
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
March 28, 2024




272    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                          Note                  2023             2022
                                                                          US$’000              US$’000


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                              3,171,800         3,869,564
  Short-term restricted cash                               4                   11,473             196
  Short-term investments                                   5                    2,600          665,251
  Accounts receivable, net                                 6                  358,027          173,168
  Inventories, net                                         7                  416,122          282,346
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                12                 243,392          216,553


Total current assets                                                     4,203,414         5,207,078


Non-current assets:
  Property, plant and equipment, net                       9             1,324,154             845,946
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                      8                   95,207          109,960
  Intangible assets, net                                   10                  57,138           40,616
  Other non-current assets                                 12                 125,362          175,690


Total non-current assets                                                 1,601,861         1,172,212


Total assets                                                             5,805,275         6,379,290


Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                         13                 315,111          294,781
  Accrued expenses and other payables                      12                 693,731          467,352
  Deferred revenue, current portion                        3                        –          213,861
  Tax payable                                              11                  22,951           25,189
  Operating lease liabilities, current portion             8                   21,950           24,041
  Research and development cost share liability,
     current portion                                       3                   68,004          114,335
  Short-term debt                                          14                 688,366          328,969


Total current liabilities                                                1,810,113         1,468,528




                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023     ANNUAL REPORT     273
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)


                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                              Note                 2023                 2022
                                                                                US$’000              US$’000


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term debt                                               14               197,618              209,148
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                         3                   300               42,026
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion              8                22,251               34,517
  Deferred tax liabilities                                     11                16,494               15,996
  Research and development cost share liability,
      non-current portion                                       3               170,662              179,625
  Other long-term liabilities                                  12                50,510               46,095


Total non-current liabilities                                                   457,835              527,407


Total liabilities                                                              2,267,948         1,995,935


Commitments and contingencies                                  23


Shareholders’ Equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
      9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,359,513,224
      and 1,356,140,180 shares issued and outstanding
      as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively                                135                  135
  Additional paid-in capital                                                 11,598,688         11,540,979
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                         19                (99,446)             (77,417)
  Accumulated deficit                                                         (7,962,050)        (7,080,342)


Total shareholders’ equity                                                     3,537,327         4,383,355


Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                     5,805,275         6,379,290




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




274     BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                                 Note                  2023               2022
                                                                                   US$’000           US$’000


Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                            15             2,189,852         1,254,612
  Collaboration revenue                                           3                  268,927         161,309


Total revenues                                                                   2,458,779         1,415,921


Cost of sales – product                                                              379,920         286,475


Gross profit                                                                     2,078,859         1,129,446
Operating expenses
  Research and development                                                       1,778,594         1,640,508
  Selling, general and administrative                                            1,504,501         1,277,852
  Amortization of intangible assets                               10                   3,500               751


  Total operating expenses                                                       3,286,595         2,919,111


Loss from operations                                                             (1,207,736)       (1,789,665)
  Interest income, net                                                                74,009           52,480
  Other income (expense), net                                     5                  307,891         (223,852)


Loss before income taxes                                                           (825,836)       (1,961,037)
Income tax expense                                                11                  55,872           42,778


Net loss                                                                           (881,708)       (2,003,815)


Net loss per share (in US$)                                       17                   (0.65)             (1.49)


Weighted-average shares outstanding – basic and diluted           17          1,357,034,547     1,340,729,572


Net loss per American Depositary Share (“ADS”) (in US$)                                (8.45)            (19.43)


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding – basic and diluted                          104,387,273       103,133,044




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023     ANNUAL REPORT       275
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                              Note                 2023                 2022
                                                                                US$’000          US$’000


Net loss                                                                        (881,708)       (2,003,815)
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax of nil:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments                     19                (25,464)          (90,421)
  Pension liability adjustments, net                           22                 (5,611)                365
  Unrealized holding loss, net                                 19                  9,046               (5,311)


Comprehensive loss                                                              (903,737)       (2,099,182)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




276    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                               Note                  2023              2022
                                                                               US$’000           US$’000


Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss                                                                     (881,708)       (2,003,815)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used
  in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                             87,675           66,278
  Share-based compensation expense                              18                 367,618       303,162
  Acquired in-process research and development                  3                   46,800           68,665
  Amortization of research and development cost
    share liability                                             3                  (55,294)          (96,402)
  Unrealized losses on equity investments                       5                   16,221           21,996
  Deferred income tax expense                                                         689             2,059
  Gain on BMS termination settlement                            20             (362,917)                   –
  Other items, net                                                                  (5,998)           9,047
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                          (188,306)         304,112
  Inventories                                                                  (140,948)             (56,689)
  Other assets                                                                      12,120            (3,282)
  Accounts payable                                                                  21,484            (4,352)
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                              180,111           45,627
  Deferred revenue                                                             (255,587)         (151,816)
  Other liabilities                                                                   587             (1,209)


Net cash used in operating activities                                         (1,157,453)      (1,496,619)


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                          (561,896)         (325,434)
  Purchases of short-term investments                                               (2,075)           (1,485)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of short-term investments                         673,240      1,563,618
  Purchase of in-process research and development                                  (15,000)      (143,665)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                 10                 (19,365)                –
  Purchase of long-term investments                             5                  (14,900)          (15,911)


Net cash provided by investing activities                                           60,004      1,077,123




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023     ANNUAL REPORT      277
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)


                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                                 Note              2023                2022
                                                                                US$’000          US$’000


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from long-term loan                                   14              22,502            37,372
  Proceeds from short-term loans                                 14             661,530           313,774
  Repayment of loans                                             14             (323,266)        (417,081)
  Proceeds from option exercises and employee share
      purchase plan                                                              55,712            46,964


Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                             416,478           (18,971)


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                      (8,082)         (69,383)


Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                     (689,053)        (507,850)


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                 3,875,037        4,382,887


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                       3,185,984        3,875,037


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                    3,171,800        3,869,564
  Short-term restricted cash                                                     11,473                 196
  Long-term restricted cash                                                        2,711               5,277
  Income taxes paid                                                              56,003            29,500
  Interest paid                                                                  19,753            25,169


Supplemental non-cash activities:
  Accruals for capital expenditures                                              91,804            95,346
  Purchase of in-process research and development included
      in accounts payable                                                        31,800                    –




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




278     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                             Accumulated
                                                                                             Additional            Other
                                                                                                Paid-In    Comprehensive     Accumulated
                                                               Shares             Amount        Capital     Income/(Loss)         Deficit         Total
                                                                                  US$’000      US$’000           US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


Balance at December 31, 2021                             1,334,804,281               133     11,191,007           17,950       (5,076,527)   6,132,563


Cost from issuance of ordinary shares                                –                  –          (152)                –               –          (152)
Issuance of shares reserved for share option exercises      1,375,621                   –             –                 –               –             –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs              19,960,278                  2        46,962                  –               –       46,964
Share-based compensation                                             –                  –      303,162                  –               –      303,162
Other comprehensive loss                                             –                  –             –           (95,367)              –       (95,367)
Net loss                                                             –                  –             –                 –      (2,003,815)   (2,003,815)


Balance at December 31, 2022                             1,356,140,180               135     11,540,979           (77,417)     (7,080,342)   4,383,355


Issuance of shares reserved for share option exercises         84,227                   –             –                 –               –             –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs              26,561,925                  2        53,006                  –               –       53,008
Cancellation of ordinary shares                            (23,273,108)                (2)     (362,915)                –               –     (362,917)
Share-based compensation                                             –                  –      367,618                  –               –      367,618
Other comprehensive loss                                             –                  –             –           (22,029)              –       (22,029)
Net loss                                                             –                  –             –                 –        (881,708)    (881,708)


Balance at December 31, 2023                             1,359,513,224               135     11,598,688           (99,446)     (7,962,050)   3,537,327




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.            •    2023        ANNUAL REPORT            279
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION


      BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”, “BeiGene”, “it”, “its”) is a global oncology company discovering and
      developing innovative treatments that are more accessible and affordable to cancer patients worldwide.
      The Company generated global revenue of approximately US$2.5 billion in 2023, which increased by
      approximately US$1.0 billion, while reducing its net loss by approximately US$1.1 billion in comparison to
      2022.


      The Company currently has three approved medicines that were internally discovered and developed,
      including BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib), a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (“BTK”) for the
      treatment of various blood cancers; TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab), an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the
      treatment of various solid tumor and blood cancers; and PARTRUVIX® (pamiparib), a selective small molecule
      inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2. The Company has obtained approvals to market BRUKINSA in the United
      States (“U.S.”), the People’s Republic of China (“China” or the “PRC”), the European Union (“EU”), the United
      Kingdom (“UK”), Canada, Australia, and additional international markets; TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab) in the EU
      and China; and PARTRUVIX in China. By leveraging its strong commercial capabilities, the Company has in-
      licensed the rights to distribute an additional 14 approved medicines for the China market. Supported by its
      global clinical development and commercial capabilities, the Company has entered into collaborations with
      world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such as Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”) and Beijing Novartis Pharma Co.,
      Ltd. (“Novartis”) to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


      The Company is committed to advancing best- and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-
      minded partners to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Recognizing
      the importance of clinical trial activities in its industry and the challenges associated with outsourcing to
      third-party contract research organizations (“CROs”), the Company has built its own 3,000+ person internal
      clinical team and is largely CRO-free. The Company has conducted more than 130 clinical trials in-house, with
      over 22,000 subjects enrolled in approximately 45 regions. This includes more than 40 pivotal or potentially
      registration – enabling trials across its portfolio.


      The Company has built, and is expanding, its internal manufacturing capabilities. The Company is building a
      commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in at the Princeton West Innovation Park
      in Hopewell, New Jersey (the “Hopewell facility”), in addition to its existing state-of-the-art biologic and small
      molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand of its medicines.
      The Company also works with high quality contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to manufacture its
      internally developed clinical and commercial products.


      Since its inception in 2010, the Company has become a fully integrated global organization of over 10,000
      employees worldwide, including in the U.S., China, and Europe.




280    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.        ORGANIZATION (Continued)


          As of December 31, 2023, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries:


                                                                                    Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                                                   issued/paid-in    Ownership by
Name of Company                                    Place of Incorporation                 capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Beijing”)    PRC*                         RMB2,722,787,023            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                                       development, PRC
BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics                        PRC*                        RMB14,530,380,600            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
    Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene                                                                                  development, manufacturing and
    Guangzhou Factory”)                                                                                                commercialization, PRC
BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       PRC*                         RMB1,434,344,311            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
    (“BeiGene Shanghai”)                                                                                               development, PRC
BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Suzhou”)      PRC*                         RMB4,273,218,389            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                                       manufacturing and commercialization, PRC
BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.        PRC*                            USD1,000,000             100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
    (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai)”)
BeiGene (Shanghai) Research &                      PRC*                          RMB620,000,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
    Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                              development, PRC
BeiGene USA, Inc. (“BeiGene USA”)                  Delaware, United States                 USD1             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                                       and commercialization, U.S.
BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd (“BeiGene Australia”)          Australia                      USD56,947,230             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                                       and commercialization, Australia
BeiGene Switzerland GmbH                           Switzerland                        CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
    (“BeiGene Switzerland”)                                                                                            and commercialization, Switzerland
BeiGene Hopewell Urban Renewal, LLC                New Jersey, United States     USD507,943,128             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                                       development and manufacturing. U.S.

*    Limited liability company established in PRC




                                                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.             •     2023       ANNUAL REPORT                      281
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


      Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation


      The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
      and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial
      statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
      transactions and balances between the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are eliminated upon
      consolidation.


      Use of Estimates


      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures
      of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
      revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include, but
      are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration in product
      sales and collaboration revenue arrangements, identifying separate accounting units and the standalone
      selling price of each performance obligation in the Company’s revenue arrangements, assessing the
      impairment of long-lived assets, valuation and recognition of share-based compensation expenses, estimating
      uncertain tax positions, valuation of inventory, estimating the allowance for credit losses, determining defined
      benefit pension plan obligations, measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and the fair value
      of financial instruments. Management bases the estimates on historical experience, known trends and
      various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
      judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency

      The Company uses the U.S. dollar (“US$” or U.S. dollar) as its reporting currency. Transactions in subsidiaries
      are recorded in the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. The determination of functional currency
      is based on the criteria of Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters .




282    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation (Continued)


     Foreign currency translation

     For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
     rate for the period and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, to translate the operating results and
     financial position to U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, respectively. Translation differences are recorded in
     accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity. Transactions denominated
     in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange
     rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities are
     remeasured at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Remeasurement exchange gains and
     losses are included in the consolidated statements of operations.


     Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
     withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
     three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
     of money market funds are stated at fair value.


     Restricted cash

     Restricted cash primarily consists of RMB-denominated cash deposits pledged in designated bank accounts
     as collateral for bank loans and letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-
     current based on the term of the restriction.


     In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
     the proceeds from the STAR offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
     offering prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved by
     its board of directors.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          283
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses


      Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of trade discounts and allowances
      as well as an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses reflects the Company’s current
      estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the receivables. The Company considers
      various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for credit losses including the aging
      of receivables and aging trends, customer creditworthiness and specific exposures related to particular
      customers. The Company also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country
      specific risks and economic factors that may affect a customer’s ability to pay in establishing and adjusting its
      allowance for credit losses. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection efforts have ceased.


      Inventory


      Prior to the regulatory approval of product candidates, the Company may incur costs for the manufacture
      of drug product to support the commercial launch of those products. Until the date at which regulatory
      approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, all such costs are recorded as research and
      development expenses as incurred.


      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost determined in a manner that
      approximates weighted average cost. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes
      down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable
      value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The determination of
      whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates of future prices by management. If actual market
      conditions are less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be
      required, which would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.


      Investments


      The Company’s investments consist of available-for-sale debt securities, convertible note instruments, public
      equity securities with readily determinable fair values, private equity securities without readily determinable
      fair values, and equity-method investments. The classification of an investment is determined based on the
      nature of the investment, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the investment, and the degree to which the
      Company may exercise influence over the investee.




284    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Investments (Continued)


     •    Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net
          of tax, reported in other comprehensive loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified as
          available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such
          amortization is computed using the effective interest method and included in interest income. Interest
          and dividends are included in interest income. Available-for-sale debt securities with original maturities
          greater than three months at the date of purchase and less than one year from the date of the balance
          sheet are classified as short-term. Available-for-sale debt securities with maturities beyond one year
          may be classified as short-term marketable securities due to their highly liquid nature and because they
          represent the Company’s investments that are available for current operations.


     •    Convertible note instruments are recorded using the fair value option method of accounting.
          Accordingly, convertible note instruments are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis, with any
          changes in the fair value option recorded in other income (expense), net.


     •    Public equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded at fair value. Subsequent
          changes in fair value are recorded in other income (expense), net. Derivative financial instruments
          to purchase public equity securities are recorded at fair value. The estimated fair value of derivative
          financial instruments is determined based on the Black-Scholes valuation model. Changes in fair value
          of derivative instruments are recorded in other income (expense), net.


     •    Private equity securities without readily determinable fair values and where the Company does not have
          significant influence are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting
          from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the
          same issuer. Adjustments to private equity securities are recorded in other income (expense), net.


     •    Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock where the Company has significant
          influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee are accounted for as equity-method
          investments. Equity-method investments are initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted
          based on the Company’s percentage ownership in the investee’s income and expenses, as well as
          dividends, if any. The Company records its share of the investee’s results of operations in other income
          (expense), net. The Company records impairment losses on our equity method investments if it deems
          the impairment to be other-than-temporary. The Company deems an impairment to be other-than-
          temporary based on various factors, including but not limited to, the length of time the fair value is below
          the carrying value and ability to retain the investment to allow for a recovery in fair value.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT        285
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Investments (Continued)


      Realized gains or losses on sales of investments are determined based on the specific identification method.


      The Company regularly evaluates its investments in debt and equity for impairment. The Company recognizes
      an allowance on available-for-sale debt securities when a portion of the unrealized loss is attributable to
      a credit loss and a corresponding credit loss in net income. No allowance for credit losses were recorded
      for any periods presented. The Company recognized an impairment loss of US$7,529,000 related to its
      investments in equity during the year ended December 31, 2023. No impairment losses on equity investments
      were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022.


      Property, Plant and Equipment


      Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property,
      plant and equipment, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated using the straight-line
      method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                                         Useful Lives


      Building                                                                                               20 years
      Manufacturing equipment                                                                            3 to 10 years
      Laboratory Equipment                                                                                3 to 5 years
      Software, Electronic and Office Equipment                                                           3 to 5 years
      Leasehold Improvements                                                        Lesser of useful life or lease term


      Leases


      The Company applies ASC, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) to account for its leases. The Company
      determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-
      lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component based on the Company’s policy
      election to combine lease and non-lease components for its leases. Leases are classified as operating or
      finance leases in accordance with the recognition criteria in ASC 842-20-25. The Company’s lease portfolio
      consists entirely of operating leases as of December 31, 2023. The Company’s leases do not contain any
      material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.




286    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Leases (Continued)


     At the commencement date of a lease, the Company determines the classification of the lease based on the
     relevant factors present and records a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and lease liability. ROU assets represent
     the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make
     lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are calculated as the present value
     of the lease payments not yet paid. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded
     from the ROU asset and lease liability calculations and are recognized in expense in the period which the
     obligation for those payments is incurred. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not typically readily
     available, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
     commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This incremental borrowing rate
     reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease
     payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. ROU assets include
     any lease prepayments and are reduced by lease incentives. Operating lease expense for lease payments is
     recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease terms are based on the non-cancelable term
     of the lease and may contain options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will
     exercise that option.


     Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities on the
     consolidated balance sheet. Lease liabilities that become due within one year of the balance sheet date are
     classified as current liabilities.


     Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
     Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


     Land Use Right, Net


     All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for
     a specified period of time. Land use rights represent operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. The
     purchase price of land use rights represents lease prepayments to the PRC government and is recorded as an
     operating lease ROU asset on the balance sheet. The ROU asset is amortized over the remaining lease term.


     In 2017, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Guangzhou
     for the purpose of constructing and operating the Company’s biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou.
     In 2019, the Company acquired a second Guangzhou land use right from the local Bureau of Land and
     Resources. In 2021, the Company acquired two land use rights from the local Bureau of Land and Resources
     to expand its biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou. Guangzhou land use rights are being amortized
     over the respective terms of the land use rights, which are each 50 years.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          287
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Land Use Right, Net (Continued)


      In 2018, the Company acquired a land use right in conjunction with the acquisition of Beijing Innerway Bio-
      tech Co., Ltd. The land use right is being amortized over the term of the land use right, which is 36 years.


      In 2020, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Suzhou to
      construct its research, development and manufacturing facility in Suzhou. In 2022, the Company acquired a
      second Suzhou land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources. The land use rights are being
      amortized over the respective terms of the land use rights, which are each 30 years.


      Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


      Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a
      business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company allocates
      the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
      values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over the fair value of the
      net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized,
      but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would
      indicate a potential impairment.


      The Company has elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
      that the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The
      qualitative assessment includes the Company’s evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
      Company’s single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the Company’s
      overall financial performance, and trends in the market price of the Company’s ADSs. If qualitative factors
      indicate that it is more likely than not that the Company’s reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying
      amount, then the Company will perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the reporting unit’s
      carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
      its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years
      ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment
      of goodwill. While there were no impairments, the Company wrote off the goodwill associated with the
      acquisition of Celgene’s commercial operations in China to align with the terms of the Settlement Agreement.




288    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Continued)


     Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
     and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
     business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on their
     relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Intangible assets associated with milestone payments
     made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are recorded at cost. Identifiable intangible assets
     consist of post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization agreements, that are
     amortized over the remainder of the product patent or the term of the commercialization agreements; and
     trading licenses that are amortized over the initial license term. Distribution rights for approved cancer
     therapies licensed from BMS had been fully amortized through December 31, 2023, when the rights reverted
     back to BMS under the terms of the Settlement Agreement.


     Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
     could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
     Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
     assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
     disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets,
     the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over
     their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be generated
     by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and
     2022, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its other intangible assets.


     Impairment of Long-Lived Assets


     Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
     disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
     indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
     carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, there was
     no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          289
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements


      Fair value of financial instruments

      The Company applies ASC topic 820 (“ASC 820”), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , in measuring
      fair value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires
      disclosures to be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
      which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


      Level 1 － Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
                 markets.


      Level 2 － Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


      Level 3 － Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


      ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1) market
      approach; (2) income approach; and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
      information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
      income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
      measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
      The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




290     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


     Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

     The following tables set forth assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 and
     2022:


                                                                         Quoted Price         Significant
                                                                             in Active             Other      Significant
                                                                            Market for       Observable     Unobservable
                                                                      Identical Assets            Inputs          Inputs
     As of December 31, 2023                                                  (Level 1)         (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                                              US$’000           US$’000         US$’000

     Cash equivalents:
       Money market funds                                                   1,052,149                  –               –
       Time deposits                                                           42,852                  –               –
     Short-term investments (Note 5):
       U.S. Treasury securities                                                  2,600                 –               –
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Note 5):
       Convertible debt instrument                                                   –                 –           4,668
     Other non-current assets (Note 5):
       Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                   3,046               542               –
       Convertible debt instrument                                                   –                 –           4,215


     Total                                                                  1,100,647                542           8,883


                                                                         Quoted Price         Significant
                                                                             in Active             Other      Significant
                                                                            Market for       Observable     Unobservable
                                                                      Identical Assets            Inputs          Inputs
     As of December 31, 2022                                                  (Level 1)         (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                                             US$’000            US$’000         US$’000

     Cash equivalents
       Money market funds                                                     758,114                  –               –
     Short-term investments (Note 5):
       U.S. Treasury securities                                               665,251                  –               –
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Note 5):
       Convertible debt instrument                                                   –                 –           5,190
     Other non-current assets (Note 5):
       Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                   3,307               706               –
       Convertible debt instrument                                                   –                 –           3,000


     Total                                                                  1,426,672                706           8,190



                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT        291
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

      The Company’s cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with original maturities of 3 months or less.
      Short-term investments represent the Company’s investments in available-for-sale debt securities. The
      Company determines the fair value of cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities using a market
      approach based on quoted prices in active markets.


      The Company’s equity securities carried at fair value consist of holdings in common stock and warrants
      to purchase additional shares of common stock of Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (“Leap”), which were acquired
      in connection with a collaboration and license agreement entered into in January 2020 and in Leap’s
      underwritten public offering in September 2021. The common stock investment in Leap, a publicly-traded
      biotechnology company, is measured and carried at fair value and classified as Level 1. The warrants to
      purchase additional shares of common stock in Leap are classified as a Level 2 investment and are measured
      using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model, which utilizes a constant maturity risk-free rate
      and reflects the term of the warrants, dividend yield and stock price volatility, that is based on the historical
      volatility of similar companies. Refer to Note 5, Investments for details of the determination of the carrying
      amount of private equity investments without readily determinable fair values and equity method investments.


      The Company holds convertible notes issued by private biotech companies. The Company has elected
      the fair value option method of accounting for the convertible notes. Accordingly, the convertible notes
      are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs, with any changes in the fair value
      option recorded in other income (expense), net. The Company recorded a loss on fair value adjustment of
      US$1,492,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023. There were no fair value adjustments during the year
      ended December 31, 2022.


      As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
      receivable, accounts payable, and short-term debt approximated their carrying values due to their short-term
      nature. Long-term debt approximates its fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate
      the rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities.




292    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition


     The Company applies ASC, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”) to account for
     its revenue transactions.


     Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
     services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
     goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
     the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
     (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
     consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
     (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
     the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
     entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.


     Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
     the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
     obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
     allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


     Product Revenue


     The Company generates product revenues in China through the sale of its internally developed drugs
     TEVIMBRA, BRUKINSA and PARTRUVIX, and the sale of in-licensed products through its agreements
     with Amgen, BMS, Bio-Thera, EUSA Pharma and Luye Pharmaceutical. Under the commercial profit share
     arrangement with Amgen, the Company is the principal for in-licensed product sales to customers in China
     during the commercialization period and recognizes 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts
     due to Amgen for its portion of net product sales are recorded as cost of sales. In the U.S., the Company
     generates product revenues from the sale of BRUKINSA.


     In China, the Company sells its internally developed products to multiple distributors, who in turn sell the
     product to hospitals or pharmacies within their authorized territories to be sold ultimately to patients. In-
     licensed products are sold to a first tier distributor who subsequently resells the products to second tier
     distributors who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients. In the U.S., the Company
     distributes BRUKINSA through specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors. The specialty pharmacies and
     specialty distributors subsequently resell the product to health care providers and patients.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT            293
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Product Revenue (Continued)


      The Company is the principal under the product sales as the Company controls the products with the ability
      to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the products before they are sold
      to the customer. For product sales transactions, the Company has a single performance obligation which is
      to sell the products to its customer. The Company includes variable consideration in the transaction price
      to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and estimates variable consideration
      from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives
      using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when the
      single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the customer. The Company’s payment terms
      are approximately 45-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the
      Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual
      results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which
      would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


      Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government
      and commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in the PRC,
      chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered
      within contracts between the Company and its customers, health care providers and other indirect customers.
      Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-
      weighted for relevant factors such as our historical experience, current contractual and statutory requirements,
      channel inventory levels, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer
      buying and payment patterns.


      The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as
      reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly
      launched products where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially
      calculated based on benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or
      benchmarking data the Company uses to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then
      a change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues
      in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in
      determining the current sales return allowance. To date, sales returns have not been significant.




294    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Collaboration Revenue


     At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
     the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements
     involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
     exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
     collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
     determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
     are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
     of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
     is determined and applied consistently.


     In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
     agreements, the Company performs the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.


     The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
     obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
     development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
     return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
     assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
     identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
     Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
     of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
     each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
     good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
     received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
     customers.


     Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
     property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
     in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from non-
     refundable up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
     licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.


     Options to License Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for options to license the
     Company’s intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the option represents a material right and is
     distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For options determined to be
     a material right and distinct, the Company defers the non-refundable up-front fees allocated to the option
     and recognizes revenues at a point in time, at the earlier of when the option is exercised or the option period
     expires.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT          295
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Collaboration Revenue (Continued)


      Right to Access Intellectual Property during the Option Period: The portion of a transaction price allocated
      to the other parties right to access the Company’s intellectual property to generate their own data during an
      option period is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over the option period on a straight-line
      basis as the right to use the intellectual property is provided and the data generated.


      Research and Development Services: The portion of a transaction price allocated to research and
      development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
      as delivery or performance of such services occurs.


      Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
      the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
      amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
      significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
      price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
      phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
      generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
      is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
      Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
      included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
      and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
      period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
      process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
      obtained.


      Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
      the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
      Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
      obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).




296    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Research and Development Expenses


     Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development
     activities, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings, which
     primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
     and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
     technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
     supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
     provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
     research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
     incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
     alternative future uses.


     Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
     Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
     of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
     clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
     parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
     in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
     accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
     in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


     The process of estimating the Company’s research and development expenses involves reviewing open
     contracts and purchase orders, communicating with its personnel to identify services that have been
     performed on its behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for
     the services when the Company has not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The
     majority of the Company’s service providers invoice it in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined
     schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. The Company
     makes estimates of the expenses as of each balance sheet date in its financial statements based on facts
     and circumstances known to the Company at that time. Although the Company does not expect its estimates
     to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, the understanding of the status and timing of
     services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result
     in the Company reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. There were no
     material adjustments for a change in estimate to research and development expenses in the accompanying
     consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


      The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments
      that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments (prior
      to government approval), are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in
      the period in which they are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes
      or activities that would constitute a “business” as defined under U.S. GAAP, the drug has not achieved
      regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future
      use. Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible
      assets and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales
      of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are
      recognized.


      Government Grants


      Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
      Company are recognized as other income (expense), net upon receipt. In the event government grants
      or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company will capitalize the payment as a
      liability and recognize the same financial statement caption as the performance obligation relates over the
      performance period.


      The Company received government assistance in the form of cash primarily to support the Guangzhou
      manufacturing facility build-out and research and development programs. Government assistance received
      related to the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out was recognized as other long-term liabilities and
      is amortized over the same useful lives of the related assets as depreciation expense. As of December 31,
      2023 and 2022, other long-term liabilities related to the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out totaled
      US$34,084,000 and US$38,118,000, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
      depreciation expense is presented net of amortization of government assistance of US$2,938,000 and
      US$3,169,000, respectively.


      Government assistance received to support research and development programs was recorded as other long-
      term liabilities upon receipt and is recognized as other income (expense), net when the associated research
      and development programs are completed. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, other long-term liabilities
      related to research and development programs totaled US$120,000 and US$58,000, respectively. For the
      years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized other income of nil and US$1,664,000,
      respectively, upon the completion of a designated research and development program.




298    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Comprehensive Loss


     Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions
     and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and
     distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income , requires that all items
     that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss
     be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
     For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency
     translation adjustments, pension liability adjustments and unrealized holding gains/losses associated with the
     available-for-sale debt securities, and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


     Share-Based Compensation


     Awards granted to employees

     The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”), to account for its
     employee share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award
     should be classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-
     based awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements
     based on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using
     an option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
     market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has
     elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards
     granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost
     recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at
     that date. The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on
     performance conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of
     the share-based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.
     ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
     period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


     Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
     adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense
     is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share-based awards
     that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company revises these estimates in the future, the share-based
     payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company,
     with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the
     stock options granted to employees using the binomial option pricing model.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


      Awards granted to non-employees

      The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
      provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity . All transactions in which goods or services are received in
      exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or
      the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The grant date is the
      measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued. The expense is recognized in the same
      manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance
      with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments to non-employees . The Company estimated the fair value of share
      options granted to non-employees using the same method as employees.


      Modification of awards

      A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
      Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
      the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
      value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
      recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
      Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
      cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
      If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
      modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.


      Income Taxes


      The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
      assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
      bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
      differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
      some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


      The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes , which
      prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
      financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
      “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
      assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
      threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
      has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
      recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
      expense.



300    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Loss Per Share


     Loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic loss per ordinary share
     is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of
     ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the two-class method,
     net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities based on dividends declared
     (or accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if all the earnings for the reporting
     period had been distributed. The Company’s restricted shares are participating securities because they have
     contractual rights to share in the profits of the Company.


     However, the restricted shares do not have contractual rights and obligations to share in the losses of the
     Company. For the periods presented herein, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-class
     method is not applicable as the Company is in a net loss position.


     Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders as adjusted
     for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number of ordinary and
     dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares consist of the
     ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares, if any, using the
     if-converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the share options and unvested
     restricted shares, using the treasury stock method.


     Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
     be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Company’s consolidated
     statements of operations.


     Segment Information


     In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
     Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
     and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
     segment: pharmaceutical products.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Concentration of Risks


      Concentration of cash and credit risk

      Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-
      term investments, and accounts receivable.


      As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, US$3,171,800,000 and US$3,869,564,000 were deposited with various
      major reputable financial institutions located in the PRC and international financial institutions outside of the
      PRC, respectively. The deposits placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial
      insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Company may be unable to
      claim its deposits back in full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality
      and continually monitors the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. As of December 31, 2023
      and 2022, the Company had short-term investments amounting to US$2,600,000 and US$665,251,000,
      respectively.


      At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company’s short-term investments were comprised of U.S. treasury
      securities. The Company believes that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually
      monitors the credit worthiness of these institutions.


      As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had accounts receivable, net of US$358,027,000 and
      US$173,168,000, respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales. The
      Company monitors economic conditions to identify facts or circumstances that may indicate receivables are
      at risk of collection.


      Customer concentration risk

      For the year ended December 31, 2023, sales to the Company’s four largest product distributors, ASD
      Specialty Healthcare, McKesson, Sinopharm, and Shanghai Pharmaceutical, represented approximately
      16.0%, 14.2%, 12.4% and 11.4% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented
      approximately 53.2% of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023. For the year ended December
      31, 2023, the Company’s collaboration revenue consisted primarily of revenue recognized under its out-
      licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis.




302     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks (Continued)


     Customer concentration risk (Continued)

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to the Company’s four largest product distributors, Sinopharm,
     Shanghai Pharmaceutical, ASD Specialty Healthcare and China Resources represented approximately 18.1%,
     15.5%, 14.2% and 12.1% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately
     57.0% of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
     the Company’s collaboration revenue consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing
     collaboration agreements with Novartis.


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements


     New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted

     In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to
     Reportable Segment Disclosures. This update requires disclosure of incremental segment information on
     an annual and interim basis. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023,
     and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
     This guidance should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The
     Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.


     In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
     Disclosures. This update requires that public entities on an annual basis, (1) in the rate reconciliation, disclose
     specific categories and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold;
     (2) about income taxes paid, disclose the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated
     by federal, state, and foreign taxes and by individual jurisdiction in which income taxes paid (net of refunds
     received) is equal to or greater than 5 percent of total income taxes paid (net of refunds received); and (3)
     disclose income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated
     between domestic and foreign and income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated by federal, state, and
     foreign. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is
     permitted. This guidance should be applied on a prospective basis. Retrospective application is permitted.
     The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS


      The Company enters into collaborative arrangements for the research and development, manufacture and/
      or commercialization of drug products and drug candidates. To date, these collaborative arrangements have
      included out-licenses of and options to out-license internally developed products and drug candidates to
      other parties, in-licenses of products and drug candidates from other parties, and profit- and cost-sharing
      arrangements. These arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations
      for potential development, regulatory and commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing and
      reimbursement arrangements, royalty payments, and profit sharing.


      Out-Licensing Arrangements


      During the two years ended December 31, 2023, the Company’s collaboration revenue related to its out-
      licensing collaborative agreements has consisted of upfront license fees, research and development services
      revenue and right to access intellectual property revenue from its collaboration agreements with Novartis for
      tislelizumab and ociperlimab.


      The following table summarizes total collaboration revenue recognized for the years ended December 31,
      2023 and 2022:



                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
      Revenue from Collaborators                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      Research and development service revenue                                            79,431            46,822
      Right to access intellectual property revenue                                      104,477          104,994
      Material rights revenue                                                             71,980                 –
      Other                                                                               13,039             9,493


      Total                                                                              268,927          161,309




304    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License


     In January 2021, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting
     Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and
     Japan (the “Novartis Territory”). The Company and Novartis agreed to jointly develop tislelizumab in these
     licensed countries, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
     commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies had the ability to conduct clinical
     trials globally to explore combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments, and the Company has an
     option to co-detail the product in North America, funded in part by Novartis.


     Under the agreement the Company received an upfront cash payment of US$650,000,000 from Novartis. The
     Company was eligible to receive up to US$1,300,000,000 upon the achievement of regulatory milestones,
     US$250,000,000 upon the achievement of sales milestones, and royalties on future sales of tislelizumab in
     the licensed territory. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company was responsible for funding ongoing
     clinical trials of tislelizumab, Novartis agreed to fund new registrational, bridging, or post-marketing studies
     in its territory, and each party was responsible for funding clinical trials evaluating tislelizumab in combination
     with its own or third party products. Each party retained the worldwide right to commercialize its propriety
     products in combination with tislelizumab.


     The Company evaluated the Novartis agreement under ASC 606 as all the material units of account
     within the agreement represented transactions with a customer. The Company identified the following
     material components under the agreement: (1) exclusive license for Novartis to develop, manufacture,
     and commercialize tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory, transfer of know-how and use of the tislelizumab
     trademark; (2) conducting and completing ongoing trials of tislelizumab (“R&D services”); and (3) supplying
     Novartis with required quantities of the tislelizumab drug product, or drug substance, upon receipt of an order
     from Novartis.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           305
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Novartis (Continued)

      Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


      The Company determined that the license, transfer of know-how and use of trademarks were not distinct from
      each other and represented a single performance obligation. The tislelizumab R&D services represented a
      material promise and were determined to be a separate performance obligation at the outset of the agreement
      as the promise was distinct and had standalone value to Novartis. The Company evaluated the supply
      component of the contract and noted the supply was not provided at a significant incremental discount
      to Novartis. The Company concluded that, for the purpose of ASC 606, the provision related to providing
      clinical and commercial supply of tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory was an option but not a performance
      obligation of the Company at the outset of the Novartis collaboration agreement. A performance obligation for
      the clinical and commercial supply would be established as quantities of drug product or drug substance are
      ordered by Novartis.


      The Company determined that the transaction price as of the outset of the arrangement was the upfront
      payment of US$650,000,000. The potential milestone payments that the Company was eligible to receive
      were excluded from the transaction price, as all milestone amounts were fully constrained due to uncertainty
      of achievement. The transaction price was allocated to the two identified performance obligations based
      on a relative fair value basis. The standalone selling price of the license, transfer of know-how and use of
      trademarks performance obligation was determined using the adjusted market assessment approach based
      on the probability-weighted present value of forecasted cash flows associated with out-licensing tislelizumab
      in the Novartis Territory. The standalone selling price of the R&D services was valued using a cost plus margin
      valuation approach based on the present value of estimated tislelizumab clinical trial costs plus a reasonable
      margin. Based on the relative standalone selling prices of the two performance obligations, US$484,646,000
      of the total transaction price was allocated to the license and US$165,354,000 was allocated to the R&D
      services.


      The Company satisfied the license performance obligation at a point in time when the license was delivered
      and the transfer of know-how completed which occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. As such,
      the Company recognized the entire amount of the transaction price allocated to the license as collaboration
      revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the
      R&D services was deferred and was being recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D services were
      performed using a percentage-of-completion method. Estimated costs to complete were reassessed on a
      periodic basis and any updates to the revenue earned were recognized on a prospective basis.




306    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis (Continued)

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


     In September 2023, the Company and Novartis agreed to mutually terminate the collaboration and license
     agreement, effective immediately. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company regained full, global
     rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab with no royalty payments due to Novartis.
     Novartis may continue its ongoing clinical trials and has the ability to conduct future combination trials
     with tislelizumab subject to BeiGene’s approval. BeiGene agreed to provide Novartis with ongoing clinical
     supply of tislelizumab to support its clinical trials. Pursuant to the termination agreement, Novartis agreed
     to provide transition services to the Company to enable key aspects of the tislelizumab development and
     commercialization plan to proceed without disruption, including manufacturing, regulatory, safety and
     clinical support. Upon termination of the agreement in September 2023, there were no further performance
     obligations, and the remaining deferred revenue balance associated with the tislelizumab R&D services was
     recognized in full.


     The following table summarizes collaboration revenue recognized in connection with the tislelizumab
     collaboration and license agreement for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


     Research and development service revenue                                                72,278            39,655
     Other(1)                                                                                 5,067             9,493


     Total                                                                                   77,345            49,148


     (1)     Represents revenue recognized on sale of tislelizumab clinical supply to Novartis in conjunction with the
             collaboration.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT         307
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement

      In December 2021, the Company expanded its collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option,
      collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Company’s
      investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, the Company and Novartis
      entered into an agreement granting the Company rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
      oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR®
      (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets.” In
      the first quarter of 2022, the Company initiated marketing and promotion of these five products.


      Under the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, the Company received an upfront cash
      payment of US$300,000,000 in January 2022 from Novartis and would have received an additional payment
      of US$600,000,000 or US$700,000,000 in the event Novartis exercised its exclusive time-based option prior
      to mid-2023 or between then and late-2023, respectively. Following option exercise, the Company would
      have been eligible to receive up to US$745,000,000 upon the achievement of regulatory approval milestones,
      US$1,150,000,000 upon the achievement of sales milestones, and royalties on future sales of ociperlimab
      in the Novartis Territory. Subject to the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, during the
      option period, Novartis had agreed to initiate and fund additional global clinical trials with ociperlimab and the
      Company has agreed to expand enrollment in two ongoing trials. Following the option exercise, Novartis had
      agreed to share development costs of global trials. Following approval, the Company had agreed to provide
      50 percent of the co-detailing and co-field medical efforts in the U.S., and had an option to co-detail up to
      25 percent in Canada and Mexico, funded in part by Novartis. Each party retained the worldwide right to
      commercialize its propriety products in combination with ociperlimab, as was the case with tislelizumab under
      the tislelizumab collaboration and license agreement.


      The Company evaluated the Novartis agreements under ASC 606 as the units of account within the agreement
      represented transactions with a customer. The Company identified the following material promises under the
      agreement: (1) exclusive option for Novartis to license the rights develop, manufacture, and commercialize
      ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory; (2) Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during
      the option period; (3) initial transfer of BeiGene know-how; and (4) conducting and completing ongoing trials
      of ociperlimab during the option period (“R&D Services”). The market development activities are considered
      immaterial in the context of the contracts.




308    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
     Agreement (Continued)

     The Company concluded that, at the inception of the agreement, the option for the exclusive product license
     constitutes a material right as it represented a significant and incremental discount to the fair value of the
     exclusive product license that Novartis would not have received without entering into the agreement and
     was therefore considered a distinct performance obligation. The Company determined that Novartis’ right
     to access ociperlimab in its own trials over the option period and the initial transfer of know-how were not
     distinct from each other, as the right to access ociperlimab had limited value without the corresponding know-
     how transfer, and therefore should be combined into one distinct performance obligation. The R&D Services
     represented a material promise and were determined to be a separate performance obligation at the outset of
     the agreement as the promise is distinct and has standalone value to Novartis.


     The Company determined the transaction price as of the outset of the arrangement was the upfront payment
     of US$300,000,000. The option exercise fee was contingent upon Novartis exercising its right and was
     considered fully constrained until the option is exercised. Additionally, the milestone and royalty payments
     were not applicable until after the option is exercised, at which point the likelihood of meeting milestones,
     regulatory approval and meeting certain sales thresholds will be assessed. The transaction price was allocated
     to the three identified performance obligations based on a relative fair value basis. The standalone selling
     price of the material right for the option to the exclusive product license was calculated as the incremental
     discount between (i) the value of the license determined using a discounted cash flow method adjusted
     for probability of the option being exercised and (ii) the expected option exercise fee using the most-likely-
     amount method at option exercise. The standalone selling price of the combined performance obligation for
     Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab for its own clinical trials during the option period and the initial transfer
     of BeiGene know-how was determined using a discounted cash flow method. The standalone selling price
     of the R&D Services was determined using an expected cost plus margin approach. Based on the relative
     standalone selling prices of the three performance obligations, US$71,980,000 of the total transaction price
     was allocated to the material right, US$213,450,000 was allocated to Novartis’ right to use ociperlimab in its
     own clinical trials during the option period and the transfer of BeiGene know-how, and US$14,570,000 was
     allocated to the R&D Services.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT           309
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement (Continued)

      The Company would have satisfied the material right performance obligation at a point in time at the earlier
      of when Novartis exercised the option and the license was delivered or the expiration of the option period. As
      such, the entire amount of the transaction price allocated to the material right was deferred. The portion of the
      transaction price allocated to Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during the option
      period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-how was deferred and was recognized over the expected
      option period. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the R&D Services was deferred and was
      recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D Services were performed over the expected option period.


      In July 2023, the Company and Novartis mutually agreed to terminate the ociperlimab option, collaboration
      and license agreement, effective immediately. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company regained
      full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab. Upon termination, the Company
      had no further performance obligations under the collaboration, and all remaining deferred revenue balances
      were recognized in full. The China broad markets agreement remains in place.


      The following table summarizes collaboration revenue recognized in connection with the ociperlimab option,
      collaboration and license agreement for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                US$’000           US$’000


      Research and development service revenue                                                     7,153              7,167
      Right to access intellectual property revenue                                             104,477            104,994
      Material rights revenue                                                                     71,980                  –
      Other   (2)
                                                                                                   8,859                  –


      Total                                                                                     192,469            112,161


      (2)     Represents revenue generated under the broad markets marketing and promotion agreement in conjunction with the
              collaboration.




310     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial


     Amgen

     In October 2019, the Company entered into a global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen (“Amgen
     Collaboration Agreement”) for the commercialization and development in China, excluding Hong Kong,
     Taiwan and Macau, of Amgen’s XGEVA®, KYPROLIS®, and BLINCYTO®, and the joint global development
     of a portfolio of oncology assets in Amgen’s pipeline, with BeiGene responsible for development and
     commercialization in China. The agreement became effective on January 2, 2020, following approval by the
     Company’s shareholders and satisfaction of other closing conditions.


     Under the agreement, the Company is responsible for the commercialization of XGEVA, KYPROLIS and
     BLINCYTO in China for five or seven years. Amgen is responsible for manufacturing the products globally
     and will supply the products to the Company at an agreed upon price. The Company and Amgen will share
     equally in the China commercial profits and losses during the commercialization period. Following the
     commercialization period, the Company has the right to retain one product and is entitled to receive royalties
     on sales in China for an additional five years on the products not retained. XGEVA was approved in China
     in 2019 for patients with giant cell tumor of the bone and in November 2020 for the prevention of skeletal-
     related events in cancer patients with bone metastases. In July 2020, the Company began commercializing
     XGEVA in China. In December 2020, BLINCYTO was approved in China for injection for the treatment of adult
     patients with relapsed or refractory (“R/R”) B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (“ALL”). In July
     2021, KYPROLIS was conditionally approved in China for injection in combination with dexamethasone for the
     treatment of adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma. In April 2022, BLINCYTO was conditionally approved
     for injection for the treatment of pediatric patients with R/R CD19-positive B-cell precursor ALL.


     Amgen and the Company are also jointly developing a portfolio of Amgen oncology pipeline assets under
     the collaboration. The Company is responsible for conducting clinical development activities in China and
     co-funding global development costs by contributing cash and development services up to a total cap of
     US$1,250,000,000. Amgen is responsible for all development, regulatory and commercial activities outside
     of China. For each pipeline asset that is approved in China, the Company will receive commercial rights
     for seven years from approval. The Company has the right to retain approximately one out of every three
     approved pipeline assets, other than LUMAKRAS (sotorasib) (“AMG 510”), Amgen’s KRAS G12C inhibitor,
     for commercialization in China. The Company and Amgen will share equally in the China commercial profits
     and losses during the commercialization period. The Company is entitled to receive royalties from sales in
     China for pipeline assets returned to Amgen for five years after the seven-year commercialization period. The
     Company is also entitled to receive royalties from global sales of each product outside of China (with the
     exception of AMG 510).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT       311
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      On April 20, 2022, the parties entered into the First Amendment to Amgen Collaboration Agreement, which
      amends certain terms and conditions relating to the financial responsibilities of the parties in connections with
      the development and commercialization of certain Amgen proprietary products for the treatment of oncology-
      related diseases and conditions. In connection with the Company’s ongoing assessment of the Amgen
      Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, the Company determined that further investment in the
      development of LUMAKRAS was no longer commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023,
      the Company and Amgen entered into the Second Amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i)
      stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of LUMAKRAS during the period starting January
      1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the
      termination of LUMAKRAS from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


      The Amgen Collaboration Agreement is within the scope of ASC 808, as both parties are active participants
      and are exposed to the risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities performed
      under the agreement. The Company is the principal for product sales to customers in China during the
      commercialization period and will recognize 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to
      Amgen for its portion of net product sales will be recorded as cost of sales. Cost reimbursements due to
      or from Amgen under the profit share will be recognized as incurred and recorded to cost of sales; selling,
      general and administrative expense; or research and development expense, based on the underlying nature
      of the related activity subject to reimbursement. Costs incurred for the Company’s portion of the global co-
      development funding are recorded to research and development expense as incurred.


      In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement (“Amgen SPA”) was
      entered into by the parties on October 31, 2019. On January 2, 2020, the closing date of the transaction,
      Amgen purchased 15,895,001 of the Company’s ADSs for US$174.85 per ADS, representing a 20.5%
      ownership stake in the Company. Per the Amgen SPA, the cash proceeds shall be used as necessary to fund
      the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Amgen
      SPA, Amgen also received the right to designate one member of the Company’s board of directors, and
      Anthony Hooper joined the Company’s board of directors as the Amgen designee in January 2020. Amgen
      relinquished its right to appoint a designated director to the Company’s board of directors in January 2023.




312    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     In determining the fair value of the common stock at closing, the Company considered the closing price
     of the common stock on the closing date of the transaction and included a lack of marketability discount
     because the shares are subject to certain restrictions. The fair value of the shares on the closing date was
     determined to be US$132.74 per ADS, or US$2,109,902,000 in the aggregate. The Company determined that
     the premium paid by Amgen on the share purchase represents a cost share liability due to the Company’s
     co-development obligations. The fair value of the cost share liability on the closing date was determined
     to be US$601,857,000 based on the Company’s discounted estimated future cash flows related to the
     pipeline assets. The estimation of future cash flows involved management assumptions of revenue growth
     rates and probability of technical and regulatory success of the pipeline assets. The total cash proceeds of
     US$2,779,241,000 were allocated based on the relative fair value method, with US$2,162,407,000 recorded
     to equity and US$616,834,000 recorded as a research and development cost share liability. The cost share
     liability is being amortized proportionately as the Company contributes cash and development services to its
     total co-development funding cap.


     Amounts recorded related to the Company’s portion of the co-development funding on the pipeline assets for
     the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:



                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       US$’000          US$’000


     Research and development expense                                                    53,314           98,955
     Amortization of research and development cost share liability                       55,294           96,402


     Total amount due to Amgen for BeiGene’s portion of
       the development funding                                                         108,608           195,357


                                                                                                           As of
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                        US$’000


     Remaining portion of development funding cap                                                        483,651




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT         313
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the research and development cost share liability recorded in the
      Company’s balance sheet was as follows:



                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                    US$’000         US$’000


      Research and development cost share liability, current portion                  68,004         114,335
      Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion            170,662          179,625


      Total research and development cost share liability                           238,666          293,960


      The net reimbursement paid under the commercial profit-sharing agreement for in-line product sales is
      classified in the consolidated statements of operations for the two years ended December 31, 2023 as
      follows:


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                    US$’000         US$’000


      Cost of sales – product                                                          8,358             5,898
      Selling, general and administrative                                            (60,917)         (54,865)
      Research and development                                                         1,688           (1,216)


      Total                                                                          (50,871)         (50,183)


      The Company purchases commercial inventory from Amgen to distribute in China. Total inventory purchases
      amounted to US$108,691,000 and US$71,720,000, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2023
      and 2022. Net amounts payable to Amgen as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were US$55,474,000 and
      US$54,064,000, respectively.


      As of December 31, 2023, Amgen is a substantial shareholder holding approximately 18.2% of the issued
      share capital of the Company and, therefore, a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
      HK Listing Rules and a related party of the Company.




314    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development


     The Company has in-licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and, if approved, commercialize multiple
     development stage drug candidates globally or in specific territories. These arrangements typically include non-
     refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory and commercial
     performance milestone payments, cost-sharing arrangements, royalty payments, and profit sharing.


     Upfront and milestone payments made under these arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2023
     and 2022 are set forth below. All upfront and development milestones were expensed to research and
     development expense. All regulatory and commercial milestones were capitalized as intangible assets and
     are being amortized over the remainder of the respective product patent or the term of the commercialization
     agreements.


                                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
     Payments due to collaboration partners      Classification                                  2023          2022
                                                                                             US$’000        US$’000


     Upfront payments                            Research and development expense              46,800        68,665
     Development milestone payments              Research and development expense                    –         5,500
     Regulatory and commercial
       milestone payments                        Intangible asset                              24,365              –


     Total                                                                                     71,165        74,165


     Our significant license agreements are described below:


     Ensem Therapeutics, Inc.

     In November 2023, the Company entered into an exclusive global license to an Investigational New Drug
     application-ready oral cyclin-dependent kinase 2 inhibitor with Ensem Therapeutics, Inc. (“Ensem”). Under
     the terms of the agreement, Ensem received an upfront payment of US$30,000,000 in January 2024 and will
     be eligible for additional payments upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, and commercial
     milestones, totaling up to US$1,300,000,000 in addition to tiered royalties. The upfront payment was
     expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2023 in accordance
     with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT          315
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

      In December 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Shandong Luye
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Luye”) to develop (exclusive of indications for which Luye has submitted the drug
      marketing authorization application to the China National Medical Products Administration) and commercialize
      Luye’s proprietary goserelin acetate extended-release microspheres for intramuscular injection known as
      LY01005 in mainland China. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company paid Luye an upfront license
      payment of US$48,665,000, exclusive of VAT, which was recognized as in-process research and development
      expense, and a prepayment of US$30,000,000 to be applied toward future supply purchases in December
      2022. Luye is also eligible to receive future milestone payments upon achievement of certain regulatory
      milestones and tiered royalties on net sales. Luye is considered a related party due to a significant common
      shareholder. That shareholder has different representatives serving on each companies’ respective board of
      directors. The Company capitalized regulatory milestones of US$19,365,000 related to the Luye collaboration
      during the year ended December 31, 2023.


      Shoreline Biosciences, Inc.

      In June 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide strategic collaboration with Shoreline
      Biosciences, Inc. (“Shoreline”) to develop and commercialize a portfolio of natural killer (“NK”)-based cell
      therapeutics with Shoreline’s induced pluripotent stem cells NK cell technology and the Company’s research
      and clinical development capabilities for different malignancies. Under the collaboration, the Company and
      Shoreline were working jointly to develop cell therapies for four designated therapeutic targets, with an option
      to expand the collaboration at a future date. Clinical development was being led by the Company globally,
      with Shoreline responsible for clinical manufacturing. The Company had commercial rights globally, with
      Shoreline having an option to retain commercialization rights in the U.S. and Canada for two targets. Under
      the terms of the agreement, Shoreline received a US$45,000,000 upfront payment in January 2022 and was
      eligible to receive additional R&D funding, milestone payments and royalties based upon the achievement of
      certain development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. The upfront payment was expensed to research
      and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance with the Company’s
      acquired in-process research and development expense policy. The Company and Shoreline terminated the
      collaboration effective in the first quarter of 2024.




316    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Nanjing Leads Biolabs, Inc.

     In December 2021, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Nanjing Leads
     Biolabs, Inc. (“Leads Biolabs”) for worldwide research, development and manufacturing rights and exclusive
     commercialization rights outside of China to LBL-007, a novel investigational antibody targeting the LAG-3
     pathway. Under the terms of the agreement, Leads Biolabs received an upfront payment of US$30,000,000
     in January 2022 and is eligible to receive up to US$742,000,000 in clinical development, regulatory approval
     and sales milestones. Leads Biolabs is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on future sales in the licensed
     territory. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended
     December 31, 2021 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development
     expense policy.


     EUSA Pharma

     In January 2020, the Company entered into an exclusive development and commercialization agreement with
     EUSA Pharma (“EUSA”) for the orphan biologic products SYLVANT® (siltuximab) and QARZIBA® (dinutuximab
     beta) in China. Under the terms of the agreement, EUSA granted the Company exclusive rights to SYLVANT
     in greater China and to QARZIBA in mainland China. Under the agreement, the Company is funding and
     undertaking all clinical development and regulatory submissions in the territories, and commercializing both
     products once approved. EUSA received a US$40,000,000 upfront payment upon contract execution and is
     eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up
     to a total of US$120,000,000. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense
     during the year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research
     and development expense policy. In 2021, QARZIBA and SYLVANT were approved and launched in mainland
     China and greater China, respectively. The approvals triggered regulatory milestone payments that were
     capitalized as intangible assets and are being amortized over the remaining term of the license agreement.
     EUSA is receiving tiered royalties on SYLVANT product sales, which the Company records as cost of sales in
     the period the respective sales are generated.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          317
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Assembly Biosciences, Inc.

      In July 2020, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement with Assembly Biosciences, Inc.
      (“Assembly”) for Assembly’s portfolio of three clinical-stage core inhibitor candidates for the treatment of
      patients with chronic hepatitis B virus (“HBV”) infection in China. Under the terms of the agreement, Assembly
      granted BeiGene exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ABI-H0731, ABI-H2158 and ABI-H3733 in
      China, including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. BeiGene was responsible for development, regulatory
      submissions, and commercialization in China. Assembly retains full worldwide rights outside of the partnered
      territory for its HBV portfolio. Assembly received an upfront payment of US$40,000,000 and was eligible to
      receive payments upon achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of
      US$503,750,000. Assembly was also eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales. The upfront payment was
      expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance
      with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy. The Company received a
      termination notice from Assembly in December 2023.


      Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd.

      In August 2020, the Company entered into a license, distribution and supply agreement with Bio-Thera
      Solutions, Ltd. (“Bio-Thera”) for Bio-Thera’s POBEVCY® (BAT1706), a biosimilar to Avastin® (bevacizumab) in
      China. The agreement became effective on September 10, 2020 upon approval of Bio-Thera’s shareholders,
      and was subsequently assigned by the Company to its affiliate BeiGene (Guangzhou) Innovation Technology
      Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou”) on September 18, 2020, as permitted by the agreement. Under the terms
      of the agreement, Bio-Thera agreed to grant BeiGene the right to develop, manufacture, and commercialize
      POBEVCY in China, including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Bio-Thera retained rights outside of the
      partnered territory. Bio-Thera received an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 in October 2020 and is
      eligible to receive payments upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of
      US$145,000,000. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year
      ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development
      expense policy. In November 2021, POBEVCY obtained regulatory approval, and was subsequently launched,
      in China, triggering a milestone payment that was capitalized as an intangible asset that is being amortized
      over the remaining term of the license agreement. Bio-Thera is also receiving tiered royalties on product sales,
      which the Company records as cost of sales in the period the respective sales are generated. In December
      2023, the Company capitalized a commercial milestone payable of US$5,000,000.




318    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Other

     In addition to the collaborations discussed above, the Company has entered into additional collaborative
     arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Company may be required to
     pay additional amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones under
     these agreements. The Company may also incur significant research and development costs if the related
     product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition, if any products related to
     these collaborations are approved for sale, the Company may be required to pay significant milestones
     upon approval and milestones and/or royalties on future sales. The payment of these amounts, however,
     is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty of
     occurrence.


4.   RESTRICTED CASH


     The Company’s restricted cash primarily consist of RMB-denominated cash deposits held in designated bank
     accounts for collateral for letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current
     based on term of restriction. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000


     Short-term restricted cash                                                            11,473               196
     Long-term restricted cash                                                              2,711             5,277


     Total                                                                                 14,184             5,473


     In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
     the proceeds from the STAR offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
     offering prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved
     by the board of directors. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had cash remaining related to the STAR
     Offering proceeds of US$1,191,583,000.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          319
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.    INVESTMENTS


      Short-Term Investments


      Short-term investments as of December 31, 2023 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                          Gross             Gross        Fair Value
                                                    Amortized        Unrealized        Unrealized     (Net Carrying
                                                          Cost            Gains            Losses          Amount)
                                                      US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      U.S. treasury securities                           2,565                35                 –            2,600


      Total                                              2,565                35                 –            2,600


      Short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                          Gross             Gross         Fair Value
                                                    Amortized         Unrealized       Unrealized     (Net Carrying
                                                          Cost            Gains            Losses          Amount)
                                                      US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      U.S. treasury securities                         674,262                 –            9,011          665,251


      Total                                            674,262                 –            9,011          665,251


      The Company does not consider the investments in U.S. treasury securities to be other-than-temporarily
      impaired at December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s available-for-sale debt securities
      consisted entirely of short-term U.S. treasury securities, which were determined to have zero risk of expected
      credit loss. Accordingly, no allowance for credit loss was recorded as of December 31, 2023.




320    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.   INVESTMENTS (Continued)


     Equity Securities with Readily Determinable Fair Values


     Leap Therapeutics, Inc.

     In January 2020, the Company purchased US$5,000,000 of Series B mandatorily convertible, non-voting
     preferred stock of Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (“Leap“) in connection with a strategic collaboration and license
     agreement the Company entered into with Leap. The Series B shares were subsequently converted into
     shares of Leap common stock and warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock upon approval of
     Leap’s shareholders in March 2020. In September 2021, the Company purchased US$7,250,000 of common
     stock in Leap’s underwritten public offering. As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s ownership interest in
     the outstanding common stock of Leap was 2.9% based on information from Leap. Inclusive of the shares
     of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the currently exercisable warrants, the Company’s interest is
     approximately 4.7%. The Company measures the investment in the common stock and warrants at fair value,
     with changes in fair value recorded to other income (expense), net.


     The following table summarizes unrealized losses recognized on the Company’s investment in Leap:


                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000


     Other expense, net                                                                     425           30,102


     As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of the common stock and warrants was as follows:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000


     Fair value of Leap common stock                                                      3,046             3,307
     Fair value of Leap warrants                                                            542              706




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT          321
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.    INVESTMENTS (Continued)


      Private Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Values


      The Company invests in equity securities of certain companies whose securities are not publicly traded and
      fair value is not readily determinable and where the Company has concluded it does not have significant
      influence based on its ownership percentage and other factors. These investments are recorded at cost minus
      impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for
      the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The Company held investments of US$55,860,000
      and US$57,054,000 in equity securities without readily determinable fair values as of December 31, 2023 and
      2022, respectively.


      The following table summarizes unrealized (losses) gains recognized on the Company’s investment in equity
      securities without readily determinable fair values:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      Other income (expense), net                                                         (6,448)            5,065


      Equity-Method Investments


      The Company records equity-method investments at cost and subsequently adjusts the basis based on the
      Company’s ownership percentage in the investees’ income and expenses, as well as dividends, if any. The
      Company holds equity-method investments totaling US$25,981,000 and US$27,710,000 as of December 31,
      2023 and 2022, respectively.


      The following table summarizes losses recognized on the Company’s equity-method investments:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      Other expense, net                                                                   7,856             3,682




322    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


     Accounts receivable                                                                  360,053            173,379
     Less: impairment                                                                       (2,026)             (211)


     Total                                                                                358,027            173,168


     The Company’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit periods generally
     range from 30 to 120 days. The Company seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
     and overdue balances are regularly reviewed. The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit
     enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivable are non-interest-bearing. An aging
     analysis of the accounts receivable, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


     Within 6 months                                                                      356,243            172,633
     6 months to 12 months                                                                  1,784               535


     Total                                                                                358,027            173,168


     Changes in the allowance for credit losses related to accounts receivable consisted of the following:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           Note              2023              2022
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


     Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                       211               415
     Impairment losses/(reversal), net                                      16              1,861               (219)
     Written-off                                                                               (43)                –
     Exchange rate changes                                                                      (3)              15


     Ending balance, as of December 31                                                      2,026               211




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          323
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.    INVENTORIES, NET


      The Company’s inventory, net balance consisted of the following:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000            US$’000


      Raw materials                                                                     148,772             88,957
      Work in process                                                                    39,098             20,886
      Finished goods                                                                    228,252            172,503


      Total inventories                                                                 416,122            282,346


8.    LEASES


      The Company has operating leases for office and manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Switzerland, and
      China. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to six years, some of which include options to extend
      the leases that have not been included in the calculation of the Company’s lease liabilities and ROU assets.
      The Company has land use rights, which represent land acquired for the biologics manufacturing facility in
      Guangzhou, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and office facility in Changping,
      Beijing, and the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and manufacturing facility in Suzhou.
      The land use rights represent lease prepayments and are expensed over the remaining term of the rights,
      which is 50 years for the Guangzhou land use rights, 36 years for the Changping land use right, and 30 years
      for the Suzhou land use rights. The Company also has certain leases with terms of 12 months or less for
      certain equipment, office and lab space, which are expensed and not recorded on the balance sheet.


      The components of lease expense were as follows:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000            US$’000


      Operating lease cost                                                               25,978             25,938
      Variable lease cost                                                                  6,101             6,834
      Short-term lease cost                                                                1,683             1,299


      Total lease cost                                                                   33,762             34,071




324    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.   LEASES (Continued)


     Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


     Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                 43,490          56,008
     Land use rights, net                                                                51,717          53,952


     Total operating lease right-of-use assets                                           95,207         109,960


     Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                      21,950          24,041
     Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                                    22,251          34,517


     Total lease liabilities                                                             44,201          58,558


     Maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                        Amount
                                                                                                       US$’000


     Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                       23,499
     Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                       14,148
     Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                           5,740
     Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                           3,155
     Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                           1,682
     Thereafter                                                                                               932


     Total lease payments                                                                                49,156
     Less: imputed interest                                                                              (4,955)


     Present value of lease liabilities                                                                  44,201




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         325
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.    LEASES (Continued)


      Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized below:


                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Operating cash flows used in operating leases                                     27,985           28,064
      ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities               11,854           22,278


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2023             2022


      Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                          3                3
      Weighted-average discount rate                                                    7.22%            5.76%


9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET


      Property, plant and equipment, net are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and consisted of the
      following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Land                                                                              65,485           65,485
      Laboratory equipment                                                             205,349          158,908
      Leasehold improvements                                                            60,124           53,786
      Building                                                                         231,656          222,448
      Manufacturing equipment                                                          186,856          175,679
      Software, electronics and office equipment                                        83,281           47,483


      Property and equipment, at cost                                                  832,751          723,789
      Less: accumulated depreciation                                                  (249,212)        (171,470)
      Construction in progress                                                         740,615          293,627


      Property, plant and equipment, net                                             1,324,154          845,946




326    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Continued)


     Construction in progress (“CIP”) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 primarily related to the construction of
     the manufacturing and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell, a new building for Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co.,
     Ltd., and additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities. CIP by fixed asset class
     are summarized as follows:


                                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                         US$’000                  US$’000


     Building                                                                                             579,649                 224,392
     Manufacturing equipment                                                                              119,380                  33,332
     Laboratory equipment                                                                                     16,135               12,256
     Other                                                                                                    25,451               23,647


     Total                                                                                                740,615                 293,627


     Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were US$80,436,000 and
     US$62,302,000, respectively.


10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS


     Intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are summarized as follows:


                                                               December 31, 2023                              December 31, 2022
                                                      Gross                                          Gross
                                                    carrying     Accumulated        Intangible     carrying     Accumulated        Intangible
                                                    amount        amortization     assets, net     amount        amortization     assets, net
                                                   US$’000           US$’000         US$’000      US$’000           US$’000         US$’000


     Finite-lived intangible assets:
     Developed products                              64,274            (7,807)         56,467       41,235            (4,119)         37,116
     Other                                            8,987            (8,316)            671        8,316            (4,816)          3,500


     Total finite-lived intangible assets            73,261           (16,123)         57,138       49,551            (8,935)         40,616




                                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.           •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT                 327
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)


      Developed products represent post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization
      agreements. The Company is amortizing the developed products over the remainder of the respective product
      patent or the term of the commercialization agreements.


      Amortization expense for developed products is included in cost of sales-product in the accompanying
      consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for other intangible assets is included in
      operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The weighted-average life
      for each finite – lived intangible assets is approximately 12 years. Amortization expense is as follows:


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000


      Amortization expense – Cost of sales – product                                           3,739               3,225
      Amortization expense – Operating expense                                                 3,500                751


      Total                                                                                    7,239               3,976


      Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years and thereafter, as of December 31,
      2023 is as follows:


                                                                   Cost of Sales –         Operating
      Year Ending December 31,                                             Product         Expenses                Total
                                                                          US$’000           US$’000              US$’000


      2024                                                                   4,776               224               5,000
      2025                                                                   4,776               224               5,000
      2026                                                                   4,776               223               4,999
      2027                                                                   4,776                  –              4,776
      2028                                                                   4,776                  –              4,776
      2029 and thereafter                                                   32,587                  –             32,587


      Total                                                                 56,467               671              57,138




328    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES


   The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    US$’000         US$’000


   U.S.                                                                             117,446           67,744
   PRC                                                                              (315,852)       (583,610)
   Other                                                                            (627,430)      (1,445,171)


   Total                                                                            (825,836)      (1,961,037)


   The current and deferred components of the income tax expense from continuing operations are as follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    US$’000         US$’000


   Current Tax Expense:
   U.S.                                                                              25,170            4,844
   PRC                                                                               24,956           27,905
   Other                                                                               5,059           6,547


   Total                                                                             55,185           39,296


   Deferred Tax Expense:
   PRC                                                                                  687            3,480
   Other                                                                                   –                  2


   Total                                                                                687            3,482


   Income Tax Expense                                                                55,872           42,778




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT        329
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follow:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2023          2022
                                                                                              US$’000          US$’000


      Loss before tax                                                                         (825,836)       (1,961,037)
      U.S. statutory tax rate                                                                        21%           21%
      Expected taxation at U.S. statutory tax rate                                            (173,426)        (411,818)


      Foreign and preferential tax rate differential                                           141,902          209,692
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                   19,134           29,223
      Stock compensation expenses                                                               32,581           33,872
      State tax expense (benefit)                                                                   (3,464)       1,375
      Change in valuation allowance                                                            845,811          229,550
      Tax relief credits                                                                      (704,928)                –
      Research tax credits and incentives                                                       (64,343)         (42,844)
      Foreign-derived intangible income                                                         (37,395)          (6,272)


      Taxation for the year                                                                     55,872           42,778


      Effective tax rate                                                                            (6.8)%       (2.2)%




330    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2023          2022
                                                                                          US$’000       US$’000


    Accruals and reserves                                                                  106,708        97,896
    Net operating losses carryforward                                                      996,588       862,214
    Stock-based compensation                                                                26,687        19,700
    Research tax credits                                                                    68,117        86,000
    Tax relief credits                                                                     704,928              –
    Depreciable and amortizable assets                                                     687,600       798,563
    Lease liability obligation                                                               7,893        10,348
    R&D and other capitalized costs                                                        164,190        63,156
    Right-of-use assets                                                                      (7,735)      (10,098)


    Gross deferred tax assets                                                            2,754,976     1,927,779
    Less: valuation allowance                                                            (2,771,470)   (1,943,775)


    Net deferred tax liabilities                                                            (16,494)      (15,996)


    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes
    that as of December 31, 2023, it is more likely than not that net deferred tax assets will not be realized.
    Adjustments may be required in the future if the Company estimates that the amount of deferred tax assets to
    be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT      331
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The valuation allowances for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2023          2022
                                                                                             US$’000       US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                    1,943,775     1,758,409
      Additions charged to income tax provision                                               845,811       229,550
      Currency translation and other                                                           (18,116)     (44,184)


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                     2,771,470     1,943,775


      As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had net operating losses of approximately
      US$5,945,753,000 and US$5,077,247,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, net operating losses were
      primarily comprised of: US$1,839,748,000 from entities in the PRC which expire in years 2024 through 2033;
      US$4,088,658,000 derived from Switzerland which expires in years 2025 through 2030; and, US$2,047,000
      derived from entities in the U.S. that have an indefinite carryforward. The Company has approximately
      US$76,794,000 of U.S. research tax credits which will expire between 2036 and 2043 and approximately
      US$704,928,000 of Switzerland tax relief credits which will expire in 2028, if not utilized.


      The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2023          2022
                                                                                             US$’000       US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                        11,555        9,925
      Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                           2,709        1,630


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                         14,264       11,555


      Current and prior year additions include an assessment of U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives.
      None of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2023 would impact the consolidated income tax
      rate if ultimately recognized due to valuation allowances. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of
      existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months.




332    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of
    income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company’s accrued interest and
    penalties, where applicable, related to uncertain tax positions were not material.


    The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
    tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2023, Australia tax matters are open to
    examination for the years 2013 through 2023, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2013
    through 2023, Switzerland tax matters are open to examination for the years 2020 through 2023, and U.S.
    federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2015 through 2023. Various U.S. states and other non-
    US tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination for 2013 through 2023.


    The Company qualifies for the Technology Advanced Service Enterprises and High and New Technology
    Enterprise status for certain subsidiaries in China, which expire at the end of 2025. The income tax benefits
    attributable to this status for the year ended December 31, 2023 is approximately US$3,092,000, or less than
    US$0.01 per share outstanding.


    As of December 31, 2023, the Company asserts indefinite reinvestment on the excess of the financial
    reporting bases over tax bases in the Company’s investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent reversal
    would incur a significant tax liability. A deferred tax liability has not been established for the approximately
    US$2,969,000 of cumulative undistributed foreign earnings. Determination of the unrecognized deferred tax
    liability is not practicable due to the uncertainty and overall complexity of the hypothetical calculation.


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION


    Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following:


                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                            US$’000           US$’000


    Prepaid research and development costs                                                    60,476               71,488
    Prepaid taxes                                                                             37,320               20,478
    Other receivables                                                                         36,124               22,777
    Interest receivable                                                                        1,735                3,039
    Prepaid insurance                                                                          8,872                3,664
    Prepaid manufacturing cost                                                                42,066               58,950
    Other current assets                                                                      56,799               36,157


    Total                                                                                   243,392               216,553




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT             333
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


      Other non-current assets consisted of the following:


                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                US$’000            US$’000


      Prepayment of property and equipment                                                          4,144            22,025
      Prepaid supply cost(1)                                                                      18,122             48,642
      Prepaid VAT                                                                                   2,546               804
      Rental deposits and other                                                                     8,195             7,054
      Long-term restricted cash                                                                     2,711             5,277
      Long-term investments                                                                       89,644             91,779
      Other                                                                                              –              109


      Total                                                                                      125,362            175,690


      (1)     Represents payments for future supply purchases under the license agreement with Luye and facility expansion
              under commercial supply agreements. The payments are providing future benefit to the Company through credits on
              commercial supply purchases.


      Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:


                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                US$’000            US$’000


      Compensation related                                                                       217,803            184,775
      External research and development activities related                                       162,969            139,168
      Commercial activities                                                                       87,572             51,806
      Individual income tax and other taxes                                                       30,083             18,815
      Sales rebates and returns related                                                          139,936             41,817
      Other                                                                                       55,368             30,971


      Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                  693,731            467,352




334     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


   Other long-term liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


   Deferred government grant income                                                    34,204          38,176
   Pension liability                                                                   14,995              7,760
   Asset retirement obligation                                                          1,127                  –
   Other                                                                                  184               159


   Total other long-term liabilities                                                   50,510          46,095


13. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE


   An aging analysis of the accounts payable as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, based on the invoice date, is
   as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


   Within 3 months                                                                    302,310         290,284
   3 to 6 months                                                                        8,205              2,570
   6 months to 1 year                                                                   4,551              1,379
   Over 1 year                                                                             45               548


   Total                                                                              315,111         294,781


   The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
   demand.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         335
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT


      The following table summarizes the Company’s short-term and long-term debt obligations as of December
      31, 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                                                                    As of December 31,
      Lender                     Agreement Date          Line of Credit    Term    Maturity Date      Interest Rate         2023                         2022
                                                      US$’000/RMB’000                                                 US$’000      RMB’000      US$’000         RMB’000


      China Construction Bank    April 4, 2018            RMB580,000       9-year April 4, 2027                 (1)    14,089       100,000        7,250          50,000
      China Merchants Bank       January 22, 2020                    (2)   9-year January 20, 2029              (2)     8,856        62,857        1,450          10,000
      China Merchants Bank       November 9, 2020         RMB378,000       9-year November 8, 2029              (3)     5,636        40,000        5,437          37,500
      China Merchants Bank       July 28, 2023             US$380,000      1-year December 25, 2024             (4)   300,000      2,129,321             –             –
      China Minsheng Bank        December 20, 2023         US$150,000      1-year December 19, 2024          7.3%     150,000      1,064,660             –             –
      China Minsheng Bank        September 24, 2020        US$200,000              (5)                                      –             –      150,000        1,034,554
      Shanghai Pudong            February 25, 2022          US$50,000      1-year February 25, 2023          2.2%           –             –       50,000         344,851
        Development Bank
      China Merchants Bank       June 5, 2023             RMB400,000       1-year June 4, 2024               3.2%      56,356       400,000              –             –
      HSBC Bank                  May 4, 2023              RMB340,000       1-year May 3, 2024                   (6)    47,903       340,000              –             –
      China Industrial Bank      May 30, 2023             RMB200,000       1-year May 29, 2024               2.8%      28,177       200,000              –             –
      Shanghai Pudong            November 14, 2023        RMB700,000       1-year November 21, 2024          2.9%      49,312       350,000              –             –
        Development Bank
      Other short-term debt(7)                                                                                         28,037       199,000      114,832         792,000


      Total short-term debt                                                                                           688,366      4,885,838     328,969        2,268,905


      China Construction Bank    April 4, 2018            RMB580,000       9-year April 4, 2027                 (1)    59,174       420,000       75,395         520,000
      China Merchants Bank       January 22, 2020                    (2)   9-year January 20, 2029              (2)    37,638       267,143       47,847         330,000
      China Merchants Bank       November 9, 2020         RMB378,000       9-year November 8, 2029              (3)    42,337       300,500       49,369         340,500
      China CITIC Bank           July 29, 2022            RMB480,000       10-year July 28, 2032                (8)    58,469       415,000       36,537         252,000


      Total long-term debt                                                                                            197,618      1,402,643     209,148        1,442,500




336      BEIGENE, LTD.              •       2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)

    1.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 4.5% as of December 31, 2023. The Company repaid US$6,987,000 (or
         RMB50,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2023. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s
         land use right and certain Guangzhou Factory fixed assets in the first phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s
         build out.

    2.   On January 22, 2020, BeiGene Guangzhou Factory entered into a nine-year bank loan with China Merchants Bank
         to borrow up to RMB1,100,000,000 at a floating interest rate benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of certain
         PRC financial institutions. The loan is secured by Guangzhou Factory’s second land use right and certain fixed
         assets in the second phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s build out. In connection with the Company’s
         short-term loan agreements with China Merchants Bank entered into during the year ended December 31, 2021, the
         borrowing capacity was reduced from RMB1,100,000,000 to RMB350,000,000. The loan interest rate was 4.1% as
         of December 31, 2023. The Company repaid US$1,422,000 (RMB10,000,000) during the year ended December 31,
         2023. BeiGene Guangzhou Factory is a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on March 3, 2017 and a
         wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Biologics”).

    3.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.9% as of December 31, 2023. The loan is secured by fixed assets that will
         be placed into service upon completion of the third phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s build out. The
         Company repaid US$5,281,000 (RMB37,500,000) during the year ended December 31, 2023.

    4.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).
         The loan interest rate was 7.2% as of December 31, 2023.

    5.   In September 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with China Minsheng Bank for a total loan facility
         of up to US$200,000,000, of which US$120,000,000, designated to fund the purchase of noncontrolling equity
         interest in BeiGene Biologics from Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-tech
         Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.) (“GET”) and repayment of the Shareholder Loan and US$80,000,000 was
         designated for general working capital purposes. The loan had an original maturity date of October 8, 2021, which
         was the first anniversary of the first date of utilization of the loan. The Company may extend the original maturity date
         for up to two additional twelve-month periods. On October 8, 2021, the Company extended the maturity date for
         twelve months to October 8, 2022 and repurposed the loan for general working capital purposes. On September 30,
         2022, the Company entered into an amendment and restatement agreement with China Minsheng Bank to extend the
         maturity date. The Company repaid the outstanding principal of the loan in the amount of US$150,000,000 during the
         year ended December 31, 2023.

    6.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking Hong Kong interbank market rate for RMB. The
         loan interest rate was 4.5% as of December 31, 2023.

    7.   During the two years ended December 31, 2023, the Company entered into additional short-term working capital
         loans with China Industrial Bank and China Merchants Bank to borrow up to RMB875,000,000 in aggregate, with
         maturity dates ranging from December 15, 2022 to May 24, 2024. The Company drew down US$28,174,000
         (RMB199,000,000) and repaid US$109,576,000 (RMB792,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2023. The
         weighted average interest rate for the short-term working capital loans was approximately 3.2% as of December 31,
         2023. The outstanding principal balance is due in May 2024.

    8.   In July 2022, the Company entered into a 10-year bank loan agreement with China CITIC Bank to borrow up to
         RMB480,000,000 at a floating interest rate benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of certain PRC financial
         institutions. The loan interest rate was 3.9% as of December 31, 2023. The loan is secured by BeiGene Suzhou’s
         land use right and certain fixed assets that will be placed into service upon completion of the small molecule
         manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China. The Company drew down US$22,502,000 (RMB163,000,000) during the
         year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2023    ANNUAL REPORT              337
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)


      The Company has numerous financial and non-financial covenants on its debt obligations with various banks
      and other lenders. Some of these covenants include cross-default provisions that could require acceleration of
      repayment of loans in the event of default. However, the Company’s debt is primarily short-term in nature. Any
      acceleration would be a matter of months but may impact the Company’s ability to refinance debt obligations
      if an event of default occurs. As of December 31, 2023, the Company is in compliance with all covenants of
      our material debt agreements.


      Contractual Maturities of Debt Obligations


      The aggregate contractual maturities of all borrowings due subsequent to December 31, 2023 are as follows:


      Maturity dates                                                                                          Amounts
                                                                                                               US$’000


      Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                            688,366
      Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                             35,565
      Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                             46,279
      Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                             46,279
      Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                             25,146
      Thereafter                                                                                                44,349


      Total                                                                                                    885,984


      Interest Expense


      Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. Interest expense recognized
      for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to US$20,800,000 and US$21,699,000,
      respectively, among which, US$16,571,000 and US$2,594,000 was capitalized, respectively.




338    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. PRODUCT REVENUE


   The Company’s product revenue is primarily derived from the sale of its internally developed products
   BRUKINSA in the U.S., China, and other regions, and tislelizumab and pamiparib in China; XGEVA, BLINCYTO
   and KYPROLIS in China under a license from Amgen; REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® in China under a license from
   BMS; and POBEVCY® in China under a license from Bio-Thera.


   The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.



                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                  US$’000         US$’000


   Product revenue – gross                                                       2,718,969       1,438,440
   Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                (529,117)       (183,828)


   Product revenue – net                                                         2,189,852       1,254,612


   The following table disaggregates net product revenue by product for the years ended December 31, 2023
   and 2022.


                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                  US$’000         US$’000


   BRUKINSA®                                                                     1,290,396         564,651
   Tislelizumab     ®
                                                                                  536,620          422,885
   REVLIMID     ®
                                                                                   76,018           79,049
   XGEVA®                                                                          92,828           63,398
   POBEVCY      ®
                                                                                   56,547           38,124
   BLINCYTO     ®
                                                                                   54,342           36,107
   KYPROLIS®                                                                       39,799           13,696
   VIDAZA   ®
                                                                                   13,960           15,213
   Pamiparib®                                                                        6,668           5,460
   Other                                                                           22,674           16,029


   Total product revenue – net                                                   2,189,852       1,254,612




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         339
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. PRODUCT REVENUE (Continued)

      The following table presents the roll-forward of accrued sales rebates and returns for the years ended
      December 31, 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2023        2022
                                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                   41,817        59,639
      Accrual                                                                             529,117       183,828
      Payment                                                                            (430,998)      (201,650)


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                   139,936        41,817


16. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE


      The Company’s loss before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          Note                 2023        2022
                                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


      Cost of inventories sold                                                            379,920       286,475
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                         9              80,436        62,302
      Research and development costs (note)                                             1,778,594      1,640,508
      Operating lease cost                                                  8              25,978        25,938
      Amortization of license rights                                       10                  7,239      3,976
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   7,121      7,094
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
        Wages, salaries and other benefits                                              1,120,403      1,000,890
        Share-based compensation expenses                                  18             367,588       303,162
        Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                         62,092        50,358


                                                                                        1,550,083      1,354,410


      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                    64,760       233,812
      Impairment of accounts receivable, net                                6                  1,861        (219)
      Impairment of inventories                                                                2,964      1,140
      Bank interest income                                                                (78,373)       (74,234)

      Note: During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, research and development costs of approximately
            US$699,289,000 and US$602,585,000 were also included in employee benefit expense.


340    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17. LOSS PER SHARE


   Loss per share was calculated as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000


   Numerator:
     Net loss                                                                         (881,708)       (2,003,815)


   Denominator:
     Weighted average shares outstanding for
       computing basic and diluted loss per share                                1,357,034,547     1,340,729,572


   Loss per share (in US$)                                                                (0.65)            (1.49)


   For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-
   class method was not applicable, as the Company was in a net loss position.


   The effects of all share options and restricted share units were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
   per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         341
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      In January 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the board of directors and shareholders of the Company
      approved the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective in February
      2016. The Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the
      2016 Plan, plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any
      outstanding options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the
      2011 Plan that are cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2023,
      ordinary shares cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled
      5,166,822. The 2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added
      on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5%)%
      of the outstanding shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding
      fiscal year or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company’s board of directors or the compensation
      committee. On January 1, 2018, 29,603,616 ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision.
      However, in August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company
      approved an amended and restated 2016 Plan to remove this “evergreen” provision and implement other
      changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved
      a second amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by
      38,553,159 ordinary shares, as well as amend the cap on annual compensation to independent directors
      and make other changes. In June 2020, the shareholders approved an Amendment No. 1 to the 2016 Plan to
      increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 57,200,000 ordinary shares and to extend the term
      of the plan through April 13, 2030. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan is subject
      to adjustment in the event of a share split, share dividend or other change in the Company’s capitalization.


      As of December 31, 2023, share-based awards to acquire 37,575,472 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, the Board of Directors and
      shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the “Amendment No. 2”), which
      became effective as of June 22, 2022, to increase the number of authorized shares available for issuance
      under the 2016 Plan by 66,300,000 ordinary shares, or 5%, of the Company’s outstanding shares as of March
      31, 2022.




342    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023      ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    2018 Inducement Equity Plan


    In June 2018, the board of directors of the Company approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018
    Plan”) and reserved 12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who
    were not previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s
    entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the
    NASDAQ Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the board of directors upon recommendation of the
    compensation committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing
    Rules. The terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder,
    are substantially similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018,
    in connection with the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on the HKEX, the board of directors of the
    Company approved an amended and restated 2018 Plan to implement changes required by the HK Listing
    Rules.


    Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Plan was
    terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan but the outstanding equity
    awards under the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with their terms.


    2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


    In June 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
    “ESPP”). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In
    August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
    amended and restated ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in
    the plan and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders
    of the Company approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized
    for issuance by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees
    to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period,
    which will generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the
    beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll
    during the offering period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their
    eligible earnings, subject to applicable limitations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         343
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (Continued)


      The following tables summarizes the shares issued under the ESPP:


                                                                Market Price1              Purchase Price2
                                             Number of
                                               Ordinary
                                                 Shares
      Issuance Date                              Issued           ADS      Ordinary          ADS       Ordinary     Proceeds
                                                                  US$           US$           US$           US$      US$’000


      August 31, 2023                           794,144        207.55         15.97        176.42         13.57        10,777
      February 28, 2023                         930,582        171.10         13.16        145.44         11.19        10,414
      August 31, 2022                           861,315        171.66         13.20        145.91         11.22         9,667
      February 28, 2022                         667,160        210.52         16.19        178.94         13.76         9,183
      August 31, 2021                           425,386        308.30         23.72        262.06         20.16         8,575
      February 26, 2021                         436,124        236.30         18.18        200.86         15.45         6,738

      1
            The market price is the lower of the closing price on NASDAQ on the issuance date or the offering date, in
            accordance with the terms of the ESPP.

      2
            The purchase price is the price which was discounted from the applicable market price, in accordance with the terms
            of the ESPP.


      As of December 31, 2023, 1,941,075 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.




344       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2023     ANNUAL REPORT
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Share options


    Generally, share options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three- to five-year period, with
    the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the
    remainder of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units
    generally vest over a four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or
    the service relationship start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter, or
    sometimes vest upon the achievement of pre-specified performance conditions.


    The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                Weighted        Weighted         Average
                                                                 Average Average Grant        Remaining
                                                 Number of       Exercise       Date Fair     Contractual      Aggregate
                                                   Options          Price          Value            Term    Intrinsic Value
                                                                     US$            US$            Years          US$’000


    Outstanding at December 31, 2021             72,204,888          7.08
      Granted                                    12,516,816         12.34           6.40
      Exercised                                  (5,898,217)         4.63                                          52,258
      Forfeited                                  (2,296,634)        16.46


    Outstanding at December 31, 2022             76,526,853          7.85
      Granted                                     9,817,925         16.37           8.14
      Exercised                                  (6,974,331)         4.54                                          92,051
      Forfeited                                  (1,225,334)        17.60


    Outstanding at December 31, 2023             78,145,113          9.06                            5.09         465,231


    Exercisable as of December 31, 2023          59,221,091          6.93                            3.91         452,750


    Vested and expected to vest at
      December 31, 2023                          75,306,510          8.81                            4.95         463,359


    As of December 31, 2023, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 16,085,419 unvested share options
    expected to vest was US$96,053,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.5 years.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023       ANNUAL REPORT            345
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      Share options (Continued)


      The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2023 and
      2022 was US$61,121,000 and US$62,548,000, respectively.


      Fair value of options


      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price is used in
      conjunction with historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same
      industry as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern
      as reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


      The following table presents the range of fair values and the assumptions used to estimate those fair values of
      the share options granted in the years presented:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023                   2022


      Fair value of ordinary share                                        US$7.26 ~ US$10.72          US$5.51 ~ US$9.04
      Risk-free interest rate                                                      3.4% ~ 4.6%             1.8% ~ 3.9%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                              2.8                    2.8
      Expected volatility                                                           58% ~ 60%               51% ~ 60%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                0%                      0%
      Contractual life                                                                  10 years                10 years


      Restricted shares


      The Company had no restricted share activities during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.


      As of December 31, 2023, all compensation cost related to restricted shares was fully recognized.




346    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Restricted share units

    The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share unit activities under the 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                                   Weighted –
                                                                               Numbers of       Average Grant
                                                                                  Shares        Date Fair Value
                                                                                                           US$

    Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                            36,082,982                18.33
     Granted                                                                    38,707,669                12.46
     Vested                                                                    (12,533,586)               16.37
     Forfeited                                                                   (6,859,892)              16.72


    Outstanding at December 31, 2022                                            55,397,173                14.87
     Granted                                                                    34,573,994                15.57
     Vested                                                                    (17,862,598)               14.71
     Forfeited                                                                   (5,707,546)              15.47


    Outstanding at December 31, 2023                                            66,401,023                15.22


    Expected to vest at December 31, 2023                                       56,440,870                15.22


    As of December 31, 2023, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
    expected to vest was US$702,778,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.8 years.


    Share-based compensation expense

    The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
    December 31, 2023 and 2022:



                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


    Research and development                                                          163,550           139,348
    Selling, general and administrative                                               204,038           163,814


    Total                                                                             367,588           303,162




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          347
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME


      The movement of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income was as follows:


                                                                                  Unrealized
                                                                       Foreign Gains/Losses
                                                                      Currency on Available-       Pension
                                                                    Translation      for-Sale       Liability
                                                                   Adjustments     Securities   Adjustments         Total
                                                                      US$’000       US$’000        US$’000      US$’000


      December 31, 2021                                                27,898         (3,700)        (6,248)      17,950
      Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications                (90,421)       (5,311)          (446)      (96,178)
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
        comprehensive income(1)                                              –             –            811          811


      Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income             (90,421)       (5,311)           365       (95,367)


      December 31, 2022                                                (62,523)       (9,011)        (5,883)      (77,417)


      Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications       (25,464)       9,046          (6,422)      (22,840)
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
        comprehensive income(1)                                              –             –            811          811


      Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income             (25,464)       9,046          (5,611)      (22,029)


      December 31, 2023                                                (87,987)           35        (11,494)      (99,446)


      (1)   The amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income were included in other income (expense),
            net in the consolidated statements of operations.




348     BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


   BMS Settlement


   On August 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Settlement and Termination Agreement (the “Settlement
   Agreement”) with BMS-Celgene and certain of its affiliates relating to the termination of the parties’ ongoing
   contractual relationships, the previously-disclosed ongoing arbitration proceeding concerning ABRAXANE®
   (the “Arbitration”), the License and Supply Agreement (“LSA”), the Amended and Restated Quality Agreement
   (the “QA”), and the Share Subscription Agreement (the “SSA”), entered into by the parties in 2017 and 2018.
   Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the parties agreed to mutually dismiss the Arbitration and BMS-
   Celgene and its affiliates agreed to transfer 23,273,108 ordinary shares of the Company originally purchased
   in 2017, in each case subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Settlement
   Agreement. In consideration for the shares being returned, the Company agreed to drop its claims pursuant
   to the Settlement Agreement. Furthermore, the parties agreed to terminate the LSA and QA on December
   31, 2023, subject to the Company’s right to continue selling all inventory of REVLIMID and VIDAZA until sold
   out or December 31, 2024, whichever is earlier. The Settlement Agreement provides for a settlement and
   release by each party of claims arising from or relating to the Arbitration, the LSA, the QA and the SSA, as
   well as other disputes and potential disputes between the parties, in each case subject to and in accordance
   with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The receipt of the shares occurred on August 15, 2023. The
   Company recorded a noncash gain upon receipt of US$362,917,000, which represents the fair value on the
   day the shares were received. The gain was recorded within other income (expense), net in the consolidated
   statements of operations. The shares were constructively retired as of December 31, 2023. The Company
   recorded the amount of the cancelled shares in excess of par to additional paid-in capital.


21. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS


   The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
   its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s
   PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
   standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial statements
   prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the
   Company’s PRC subsidiaries.


   In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
   reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
   registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required to
   provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, from the profits determined
   in accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used
   for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries were
   established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-mentioned restrictions
   on distributable profits.




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         349
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (Continued)


      During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made,
      because the PRC subsidiaries had an accumulated deficit as of the end of such periods.


      As a result of these PRC laws and regulations, including the requirement to make annual appropriations
      of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
      the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
      Company.


      Foreign exchange and other regulations in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries from
      transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans, and advances. As of December 31, 2023
      and 2022, amounts restricted were the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which amounted to
      US$4,125,458,000 and US$3,548,881,000, respectively.


22. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS


      Defined Contribution Plans


      Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
      plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
      benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
      make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
      salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The
      total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$94,358,000 and
      US$83,860,000 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.


      The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The
      401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees, and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation
      on a pretax basis. In addition, the Company has a matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan, which, in the
      2023 plan year, matched dollar for dollar of eligible contributions up to 4%. Company contributions to the
      401(k) Plan totaled US$15,316,000 and US$10,298,000 in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
      respectively.




350    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)


    Defined Contribution Plans (Continued)


    The Company maintains a government mandated program to cover its employees in Switzerland for
    pension, death, or disability. The program is considered a defined contribution plan. Employer and employee
    contributions are made based on various percentages of salaries and wages that vary based on employee age
    and other factors. Company contributions into the program amounted to US$2,710,000 and US$3,887,000 in
    the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.


    Company contributions into defined contribution plans for the remaining subsidiaries were immaterial.


    Defined Benefit Plan


    The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering its employees in Switzerland (the “Swiss
    Plan”). This plan is a government mandated fund that provides benefits to employees upon retirement,
    death, or disability. Contributions are made based on various percentages of participants’ salaries and
    wages determined based on participants’ age and other factors. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
    projected benefit obligations under the Swiss Plan were approximately US$70,600,000 and US$45,835,000,
    respectively, and plan assets were approximately US$55,605,000 and US$38,075,000, respectively. The
    funded status of the Swiss Plan is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
    balance sheets. The initial determination of the pension liability was recorded as other comprehensive loss
    during the year ended December 31, 2021 and subsequently amortized as a component of net periodic
    pension cost (see Note 19).


    The Company’s annual contribution to the Swiss Plan is estimated to be approximately US$3,577,000 in 2023
    and is expected to evolve thereafter proportionally with changes in staffing and compensation levels, actuarial
    assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.


    The following table reflects the total expected benefit payments to Swiss Plan participants and have been
    estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company’s benefit obligations as of
    December 31, 2023:


    Year(s)                                                                                              Amounts
                                                                                                          US$’000


    Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                              607
    Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                              214
    Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                              580
    Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                              985
    Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                              811
    Thereafter                                                                                               9,569


    Total                                                                                                   12,766


                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT          351
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


      Purchase Commitments


      As of December 31, 2023, the Company had purchase commitments amounting to US$169,212,000, of which
      US$41,186,000 related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from contract manufacturing
      organizations and US$128,026,000 related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS and
      Amgen. The Company does not have any minimum purchase requirements for inventory from BMS or Amgen.


      Capital Commitments


      The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$333,498,000 for the acquisition of property, plant
      and equipment as of December 31, 2023, which were mainly for the Company’s manufacturing and clinical
      R&D campus in Hopewell, New Jersey, additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing
      facilities, and a new building for Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co., Ltd.


      Co-development Funding Commitment


      Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company is responsible for co-funding global clinical
      development costs for the Amgen oncology pipeline assets up to a total cap of US$1,250,000,000. The
      Company is funding its portion of the co-development costs by contributing cash and/or development
      services. As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s remaining co-development funding commitment was
      US$483,651,000.


      Funding Commitment


      The Company had committed capital related to two equity method investments in the amount of
      US$15,055,000. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining capital commitment was US$8,905,000 and is
      expected to be paid from time to time over the investment period.


      Other Business Agreements


      The Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with contract research organizations
      (“CROs”) to provide research and development services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time
      by the Company with prior written notice.


      The Company also enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual
      property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone
      payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration
      agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of
      such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet because
      the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of
      these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in the consolidated
      financial statements.



352    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION


   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, were
   disclosed pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                             US$’000           US$’000


   Fees                                                                                           856                795
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,275                910
       Performance related bonuses                                                              1,132              1,120
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                     17,981             17,760
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                  –                14


                                                                                              20,388             19,804


                                                                                              21,244             20,599


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 24 (including above table) and Note 25 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.


   For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, certain directors were granted share options and
   restricted share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company,
   further details of which are set out in Note 18. The fair value of such options, which has been recognized in
   the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
   the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above directors’
   and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023    ANNUAL REPORT           353
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (a)   Independent non-executive directors


            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2023
            and 2022 were as follows:


            Year ended December 31, 2023


                                                               Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                        allowances and       Performance     compensation Pension scheme            Total
                                                Fees    benefits in kind   related bonuses       expense     contributions   remuneration
                                              US$’000          US$’000            US$’000        US$’000         US$’000         US$’000


            Thomas Malley                        101                  –                 –            405                –            506
            Donald W. Glazer                      81                  –                 –            405                –            486
            Michael Goller                        82                  –                 –            405                –            487
            Ranjeev Krishana                      87                  –                 –            405                –            492
            Qingqing Yi                           87                  –                 –            405                –            492
            Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          102                  –                 –            405                –            507
            Alessandro Riva                       92                  –                 –            405                –            497
            Margaret Han Dugan                   111                  –                 –            405                –            516
            Anthony C. Hooper(1)                 113                  –                 –            405                –            518


            Total                                856                  –                 –           3,645               –           4,501


            Note 1: The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive Director effective from
                    April 17, 2023. For the period up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director
                    of the Company as defined under HK Listing Rules. For the period up to April 16, 2023, pursuant to the
                    Company’s Independent Director Compensation Policy, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper receives compensation for
                    his service as an independent director as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules.




354     BEIGENE, LTD.              •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (a)   Independent non-executive directors (Continued)


          Year ended December 31, 2022


                                                          Salaries,    Performance      Share-based           Pension
                                                    allowances and          related    compensation           scheme            Total
                                             Fees   benefits in kind      bonuses          expense       contributions   remuneration
                                          US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000           US$’000         US$’000


          Thomas Malley                        93                 –              –             391                  –            484
          Timothy Chen1                        39                 –              –             210                  –            249
          Donald W. Glazer                     74                 –              –             391                  –            465
          Michael Goller                       77                 –              –             391                  –            468
          Ranjeev Krishana                     79                 –              –             391                  –            470
          Qingqing Yi                          85                 –              –             391                  –            476
          Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su2                   6                 –              –             (190)                –            (184)
          Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          96                 –              –             391                  –            487
          Alessandro Riva  3
                                               71                 –              –             330                  –            401
          Margaret Han Dugan4                  77                 –              –             330                  –            407


          Total                               697                 –              –            3,026                 –          3,723

          Notes:

          1.      Mr. Timothy Chen resigned as a director on June 22, 2022.


          2.      Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned as a director on January 31, 2022.

          3.      Alessandro Riva’s service as a director commenced on February 1, 2022. Accordingly, his cash compensation
                  was pro-rated for the year.


          4.      Margaret Han Dugan’s service as a director commenced on February 1, 2022. Accordingly, her cash
                  compensation was pro-rated for the year.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023        ANNUAL REPORT           355
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive


            For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Board of Directors comprised one executive
            director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
            Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     US$’000            US$’000


            Fees                                                                                             –                   –
            Other emoluments:
              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,275                  910
              Performance related bonuses                                                              1,132                1,120
              Share-based compensation expenses                                                       14,336              14,343
              Pension scheme contributions                                                                   –                 14


                                                                                                      16,743              16,387


            For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board of Directors comprised one non-executive director,
            Xiaodong Wang. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors comprised two non-
            executive directors, Xiaodong Wang and Anthony C. Hooper. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any
            compensation as a director. The compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the
            years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were detailed below and also included in Note 26.


            Year ended December 31, 2023


                                                        Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                 allowances and       Performance     compensation Pension scheme             Total
                                          Fees   benefits in kind   related bonuses      expenses      contributions   remuneration
                                       US$’000          US$’000            US$’000        US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


            Xiaodong Wang                  267                 –               150           3,854                –           4,271




356    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive (Continued)


          Year ended December 31, 2022


                                                       Salaries,                       Share-based
                                                 allowances and       Performance     compensation   Pension scheme           Total
                                         Fees    benefits in kind   related bonuses       expenses     contributions   remuneration
                                      US$’000          US$’000            US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


          Xiaodong Wang                 100                    –              150          3,989                  –        4,239
          Anthony C. Hooper                 98                 –                 –           391                  –           489


                                        198                    –              150          4,380                  –        4,728


25. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES


    The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 included the following
    number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 24 above.


                                                                                                        2023                2022


    Directors and chief executive                                                                            2                   2
    Neither directors nor chief executive                                                                    3                   3


                                                                                                             5                   5


    Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
    nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000


    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                          2,223               1,991
    Performance related bonuses                                                                        1,644               1,433
    Share-based compensation expenses                                                                 18,874              18,653
    Pension scheme contributions                                                                           17                  37


                                                                                                      22,758              22,114




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2023       ANNUAL REPORT           357
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                         Number of employees
                                                                                              2023              2022


      HK$25,000,001 to HK$30,000,000                                                              –                 1
      HK$35,000,001 to HK$40,000,000                                                              1                 –
      HK$45,000,001 to HK$50,000,000                                                              –                 1
      HK$50,000,001 to HK$55,000,000                                                              1                 –
      HK$90,000,001 to HK$95,000,000                                                              1                 –
      HK$100,000,001 to HK$105,000,000                                                            –                 1


                                                                                                  3                 3


      For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, share options or restricted share units were granted to
      non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further
      details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 18. The fair value of such options,
      which has been recognized in the statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the
      date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the
      above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.


26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Company had the following
      related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:


      Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
      service to the Group, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year ended
      December 31, 2023 consisted of (i) US$100,000 (2022: US$100,000) in consulting fees, (ii) US$150,000 (2022:
      US$150,000) as a performance-based cash bonus, (iii) payment for Hart Scott Rodino (HSR) filing, which
      reflects a total payment of $167,000 ($100,000 for the filing and $67,000 reflects the gross up for taxes), (iv)
      an option to purchase 327,249 ordinary shares (2022: 471,913 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value
      of US$2,667,000 (2022: US$3,000,000) and (v) 86,216 ordinary shares (2022: 83,499 ordinary shares), with a
      grant date fair value of US$1,333,000 (2022: US$1,000,000).


      The cash component of the above related party transaction also constitutes a fully-exempt continuing
      connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.




358    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023       ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION


   The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the
   Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a
   consolidated basis.


   The Company’s long-lived assets are primarily located in the PRC and the U.S.


   Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration
   revenue is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net
   revenues by geographic area are presented as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000


   U.S. – total revenue                                                             1,128,219          502,626
   Product revenue                                                                    945,551          389,710
   Collaboration revenue                                                              182,668          112,916


   China – total revenue                                                            1,101,951          840,032
   Product revenue                                                                  1,093,091          840,032
   Collaboration revenue                                                                8,860                 –


   Europe – total revenue                                                             202,014            63,257
   Product revenue                                                                    122,228            14,864
   Collaboration revenue                                                               79,786            48,393


   Rest of world – total revenue                                                       26,595            10,006
   Product revenue                                                                     28,982            10,006
   Collaboration revenue                                                                (2,387)               –


   Total Revenue                                                                    2,458,779         1,415,921




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         359
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS


      The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
      respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of material differences
      between the financial information of the Company prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:


                                                                        Year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                               IFRS adjustments
                                                         Amounts       Share-based
                                                       as reported compensation
                                                        under U.S.      and related                       Amounts
      Consolidated statement of operations data             GAAP                 tax        Lease       under IFRS
                                                                           (note (i))   (note (iii))
                                                          US$’000          US$’000       US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development                          (1,778,594)         (31,745)         1,344      (1,808,995)
      Selling, general and administrative               (1,504,501)         (21,942)         1,659      (1,524,784)
      Interest income (expense), net                        74,009                 –        (3,082)         70,927


      Loss before income tax expense                      (825,836)         (53,687)            (79)      (879,602)
      Income tax expense                                   (55,872)         (15,000)               –       (70,872)


      Net loss                                            (881,708)         (68,687)            (79)      (950,474)


                                                                      Year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                            IFRS adjustments
                                                          Amounts      Share-based
                                                       as reported compensation
                                                        under U.S.      and related                       Amounts
      Consolidated statement of operations data             GAAP                 tax        Lease       under IFRS
                                                                           (note (i))    (note (iii))
                                                          US$’000          US$’000       US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development                          (1,640,508)         (14,697)           471      (1,654,734)
      Selling, general and administrative               (1,277,852)         (19,296)           366      (1,296,782)
      Interest income (expense), net                        52,480                 –        (3,142)         49,338


      Loss before income tax expense                    (1,961,037)         (33,993)        (2,305)     (1,997,335)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                         (42,778)         10,311                 –       (32,467)


      Net loss                                          (2,003,815)         (23,682)        (2,305)     (2,029,802)




360    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


                                                                                        As of December 31, 2023
                                                                                           IFRS adjustments
                                                 Amounts as        Share based
                                               reported under    compensation                  Preferred                            Amounts
   Consolidated balance sheet data                U.S. GAAP      and related tax                   Shares              Lease      under IFRS
                                                                        (note (i))              (note (ii))        (note (iii))
                                                     US$’000           US$’000                  US$’000            US$’000          US$’000


   Operating lease right-of-use assets                95,207                    –                          –           (2,384)        92,823


   Total assets                                    5,805,275                    –                          –          (2,384)      5,802,891


   Additional paid-in capital                     11,598,688             68,687                            –                 –    12,183,311
                                                                       208,042*                 307,894*                     –
   Accumulated deficit                             (7,962,050)          (68,687)                           –              (79)    (8,549,057)
                                                                       (208,042)*               (307,894)*            (2,305)*


   Total equity                                    3,537,327                    –                          –          (2,384)      3,534,943


                                                                                     As of December 31, 2022
                                                                                        IFRS adjustments
                                                  Amounts as       Share based
                                               reported under     compensation                  Preferred                           Amounts
   Consolidated balance sheet data                 U.S. GAAP     and related tax                   Shares              Lease      under IFRS
                                                                        (note (i))                (note (ii))      (note (iii))
                                                     US$’000           US$’000                  US$’000            US$’000          US$’000


   Operating lease right-of-use assets               109,960                    –                          –           (2,305)       107,655


   Total assets                                    6,379,290                    –                          –           (2,305)     6,376,985


   Additional paid-in capital                     11,540,979             33,993                            –                 –    12,056,915
                                                                       174,049*                 307,894*                     –
   Accumulated deficit                             (7,080,342)           (33,993)                          –           (2,305)    (7,598,583)
                                                                         10,311                            –                 –
                                                                       (184,360)*               (307,894)*                   –


   Total equity                                    4,383,355                    –                          –           (2,305)     4,381,050


   *       IFRS adjustments brought forward from prior years.


                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.                •       2023      ANNUAL REPORT         361
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes:


      (i)     Share based compensation and related tax


              Under U.S. GAAP, the Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
              all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
              compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date value of the options that
              are vested at that date.


              Under IFRS, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
              granted with graded vesting.


              A difference of US$53,687,000 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
              development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS for
              the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: US$33,993,000).


              Under IFRS, the excess tax benefit resulting from the pre-tax deductible amount arising from U.S. employee share-
              based payments over the cumulative share-based payment-related expenses recognized for accounting purposes
              should be recorded in shareholders’ equity rather than in current income tax expenses/benefits under U.S. GAAP.


      (ii)    Preferred Shares


              Prior to the Company’s U.S. IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares
              at the time of the U.S. IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as
              mezzanine equity as these convertible preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event
              (i.e., Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence
              of the conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred
              shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options are clearly and closely related to
              the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options are not
              publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible
              preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
              favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently and is
              not probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction
              is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is
              probable that they will become redeemable.


              Under IFRS, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
              conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
              being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
              Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
              occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRS, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
              as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
              recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
              Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016
              was recognized in the statement of operations under IFRS and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes
              was recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the
              ordinary shares. The effect of such IFRS adjustments on accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital was
              US$307,894,000 which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.




362         BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)


   (iii)   Lease


           The Company adopted the new lease standard effective January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method
           and did not restate historical comparative periods under U.S. GAAP. As a lessee, the Company recognized a lease
           liability based on the present value of the total remaining lease payments, and a corresponding right-of-use assets
           under U.S. GAAP. The Company subsequently recognize an operating lease expense on straight line basis over the
           lease term.


           IFRS 16, Lease requires entities to present interest expense on the lease liability and depreciation on the right-of-use
           assets separately in the statement of operations. This will change the allocation of expenses and the total amount of
           expenses recognized for each period of the lease term. The combination of a straight-line depreciation of the right-of-
           use asset and the effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability will result in a higher total charge to profit
           or loss in the initial years of the lease terms, and a decreasing expense during the latter years of the lease terms.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.          •     2023     ANNUAL REPORT              363
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY


                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000


      Assets
      Current assets:
        Cash and cash equivalents                                         723,964       1,742,320
        Short-term restricted cash                                            584                51
        Short-term investments                                              2,600         548,303
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets                        1,244,790        804,471


      Total current assets                                               1,971,938      3,095,145


      Non-current assets:
        Long-term equity investments                                     1,889,063        914,653
        Property and equipment, net                                         5,422              7,510
        Intangible assets, net                                              5,625              6,328
        Other non-current assets                                         1,624,690      1,621,824


      Total non-current assets                                           3,524,800      2,550,315


      Total assets                                                       5,496,738      5,645,460


      Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
      Current liabilities:
        Accounts payable                                                  561,827         446,362
        Accrued expenses and other payables                                29,387          57,316
        Research and development cost share liability, current portion     68,004         114,335
        Short-term debt                                                   910,131         297,868


      Total current liabilities                                          1,569,349        915,881




364     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


    Non-current liabilities:
      Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion                170,662         179,625
      Other long-term liabilities                                                       219,400         166,599


    Total non-current liabilities                                                       390,062         346,224


    Total liabilities                                                                  1,959,411      1,262,105


    Commitments and contingencies
    Equity:
      Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share; 9,500,000,000
         shares authorized; 1,359,513,224 and 1,356,140,180 shares issued and
         outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively                         135              135
      Additional paid-in capital                                                      11,598,688     11,540,979
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                               (99,446)        (77,417)
      Accumulated deficit                                                             (7,962,050)     (7,080,342)


    Total equity                                                                       3,537,327      4,383,355


    Total liabilities and equity                                                       5,496,738      5,645,460




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2023    ANNUAL REPORT         365
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                 Ordinary Shares                         Accumulated
                                                                                                                Other
                                                                                            Additional comprehensive     Accumulated
                                                                Shares         Amount Paid-In Capital    income/(Loss)         Deficit        Total
                                                                               US$’000       US$’000          US$’000        US$’000       US$’000


      Balance at December 31, 2021                        1,334,804,281            133     11,191,007          17,950      (5,076,527)    6,132,563


      Cost from issuance of ordinary shares                          –               –           (152)               –              –          (152)
      Use of shares reserved for share option exercises      1,375,621               –              –                –              –             –
      Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         19,960,278               2         46,962                –              –        46,964
      Share-based compensation                                       –               –        303,162                –              –      303,162
      Other comprehensive loss                                       –               –              –         (95,367)              –       (95,367)
      Net loss                                                       –               –              –                –     (2,003,815)   (2,003,815)


      Balance at December 31, 2022                        1,356,140,180            135     11,540,979         (77,417)     (7,080,342)    4,383,355


      Issuance of shares reserved for
        share option exercises                                  84,227               –              –                –              –             –
      Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         26,561,925               2         53,006                –              –        53,008
      Cancellation of ordinary shares                      (23,273,108)             (2)      (362,915)               –              –     (362,917)
      Share-based compensation                                       –               –        367,618                –              –      367,618
      Other comprehensive loss                                       –               –              –         (22,029)              –       (22,029)
      Net loss                                                       –               –              –                –      (881,708)     (881,708)


      Balance at December 31, 2023                        1,359,513,224            135     11,598,688         (99,446)     (7,962,050)    3,537,327


      The above statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
      and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the HK Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.




366     BEIGENE, LTD.              •      2023        ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. DIVIDENDS


   The board of directors of the Company did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the year
   ended December 31, 2023 (year ended December 31, 2022: nil).


31. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


   The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 28, 2024.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2023   ANNUAL REPORT         367
DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                         the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and most
                                    recently amended on April 17, 2015


“2016 Plan”                         the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                    approved by the shareholders of the Company on December 7, 2018, as
                                    amended from time to time, the principal terms of which were set out in the
                                    Company’s Proxy Statement/Circular dated April 29, 2022


“2018 ESPP”                         the Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan most
                                    recently amended on June 16, 2021 (effective as of September 1, 2021)


“2018 Inducement Plan” or           the Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan adopted by the
  “2018 Plan”                       Company on June 6, 2018 and most recently amended on August 7, 2018,
                                    which was terminated on June 22, 2022


“ADS(s)”                            American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                                    Company)


“affiliate(s)”                      with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                                    controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with
                                    such specified person


“Amgen”                             Amgen Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, US, on
                                    April 7, 1987


“Amgen Collaboration Agreement”     a Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019, by and between
                                    BeiGene Switzerland and Amgen, which became effective on January 2,
                                    2020


“Amgen SPA” or                      the share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by and
  “Share Purchase Agreement”        between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen


“Articles”                          the seventh amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                    adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on June 15, 2023,
                                    as amended from time to time


“associate(s)”                      has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“BeiGene”, “Company”,               BeiGene, Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “our Company” or                  under the laws of the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010
  “the Company”




368      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                          DEFINITIONS


“BeiGene Biologics”           BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州生物藥業有限公司), a company
                              incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and an
                              indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Company


“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”   BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. *(廣州百濟神州生物
                              製藥有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on March
                              3, 2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics


“BeiGene Switzerland”         BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of
                              Switzerland on September 1, 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                              Company


“BLA”                         biologics license application


“BMS-Celgene”                 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Celgene Switzerland
                              LLC, Celgene Kappa Holdings LLC, Celgene Holdings East Corporation, and
                              Celgene Logistics


“Board”                       the Board of Directors of the Company


“China” or “PRC”              the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                              only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                              Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be construed
                              accordingly


“CMO”                         contract manufacturing organization


“Companies Ordinance”         the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“corporate communication”     has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Corporate Governance Code”   the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out
                              in Appendix C1 to the HK Listing Rules


“CROs”                        contract research organizations




                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT        369
DEFINITIONS


“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of our Company


“EMA”                                   European Medicines Agency


“EU”                                    the European Union


“EUSA”                                  EUSA Pharma


“FDA”                                   U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“GDPR”                                  General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679


“GET”                                   Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-
                                        tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.), a limited liability company
                                        established under the laws of the PRC on November 27, 1998 and an
                                        Independent Third Party


“Group”, “our Group”,                   the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “the Group”, “we”,
  “us”, or “our”


“HKEx”                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HK Listing Rules”                      the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                        Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
                                        to time


“Hong Kong” or “HK”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or                  Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollar” or “HK$”


“IFRS”                                  International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                                        the International Accounting Standards Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”          any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company within
                                        the meaning ascribed thereto under the HK Listing Rules


“IPO”                                   initial public offering




370      BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                  DEFINITIONS


“Listing”                the listing of our Shares on the Main Board


“Main Board”             the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the HKEx
                         which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM


“Model Code”             the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set
                         out in Appendix C3 to the HK Listing Rules


“NASDAQ”                 Nasdaq Stock Market


“NASDAQ Listing Rules”   the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market


“NDA”                    new drug application


“NMPA”                   National Medical Products Administration, successor to the China Food and
                         Drug Administration


“Novartis”               Novartis Pharma AG


“NRDL”                   the National Reimbursement Drug List


“Prospectus”             the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018


“Reporting Period”       the year ended December 31, 2023


“RMB” or “Renminbi”      Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“RMB Shares”             the Shares subscribed for in RMB by target subscriber(s) in the PRC, which
                         are listed on the STAR Market and traded in RMB


“RSU(s)”                 restricted share units, being a contingent right to receive Shares awarded
                         under the 2016 Plan


“SAFE”                   State Administration of Foreign Exchange


“sBLA”                   supplemental biologics license application


“SEC”                    Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFO”                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                         Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT       371
DEFINITIONS


“Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Share(s)”                               ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company


“sNDA”                                   supplementary new drug application


“SSE”                                    Shanghai Stock Exchange


“STAR Market”                            the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock
                                         Exchange


“STAR Offering”                          issue of RMB Shares and listing on the STAR Market of the SSE


“subsidiary(ies)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                         Ordinance


“substantial shareholder”                has the meaning ascribed to it in the HK Listing Rules


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”          the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                         subject to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars” or          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
  “US$”


“U.S. GAAP”                              United States generally accepted accounting principles




372     BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2023   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“BRAF”                means   a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal
                              cell signals that direct cell growth


“BTK”                 means   Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                              pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival
                              in various lymphomas


“cHL”                 means   classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma


“CLL”                 means   chronic lymphocytic leukemia


“complete response”   means   the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment


“FcγR”                means   Fc-gamma receptor


“immunoglobulin”      means   glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                              are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                              response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens,
                              such as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction


“Kinase”              means   a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from
                              high-energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The
                              protein kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act
                              on proteins, phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or
                              histidine residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme
                              regulation as well as signaling in the cell


“MCL”                 means   mantle cell lymphoma


“NSCLC”               means   non-small cell lung cancer


“PARP”                means   poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous
                              cellular processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional
                              regulation, which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to
                              DNA damage


“PD-1”                means   programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor
                              expressed on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and
                              PD-L2. PD-1 is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in
                              down-regulating the immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells




                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT         373
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“pivotal trials”        means       a potentially registration-enabling trial or program that is intended to
                                    provide clinical data to support a regulatory approval for marketing the
                                    drug candidate


“R/R”                   means       relapsed or refractory


“SLL”                   means       small lymphocytic lymphoma


“T-Cell”                means       a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and
                                    that differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of
                                    the T-cell receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible
                                    for recognizing antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex
                                    molecules


“TIM-3”                 means       T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3, a Th1-specific
                                    cell surface protein that functions as an immune checkpoint, regulating
                                    macrophage activation and enhancing the severity of experimental
                                    autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice


“UC”                    means       urothelial carcinoma


“WM”                    means       Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia




374     BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2023   ANNUAL REPORT
