2022
ANNUAL
REPORT
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                      2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                 4


BUSINESS                                                                    8


RISK FACTORS                                                               53


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                         151


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        152


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                           185


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                   193


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                               255


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                              285


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                         290


DEFINITIONS                                                               398


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                               403




                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                  COMPENSATION COMMITTEE


Executive Director                                                  Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Chair) (Note 3)
                                                                    Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. John V. Oyler                                                   Mr. Qingqing Yi
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                    NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
Non-executive Director                                                 GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Dr. Xiaodong Wang
                                                                    Mr. Donald W. Glazer (Chairman)
                                                                    Mr. Michael Goller
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                    Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
                                                                    Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 1)
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
                                                                    SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper**
                                                                    Dr. Xiaodong Wang (Co-Chair)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                    Dr. Alessandro Riva (Co-Chair) (Note 4)
Mr. Thomas Malley
                                                                    Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 1)
Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)
                                                                    Mr. Michael Goller
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                                    Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Qingqing Yi
                                                                    Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                                    Mr. Qingqing Yi
AUDIT COMMITTEE

                                                                    COMMERCIAL AND MEDICAL AFFAIRS
Mr. Thomas Malley (Chairman)
                                                                       ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                                    Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chairman)
                                                                    Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 2)
                                                                    Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                    Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders


Notes:

*       On January 31, 2022, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned from the Board due to personal reasons to devote more time to
        other commitments. The decision by Mr. Su to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations,
        policies, or practices of the Company. There is no other material matter in respect of Mr. Su’s resignation that needs to be
        brought to the attention of shareholders of the Company or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In connection with
        his resignation from the Board, Mr. Su also resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the
        Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee of the Board.

        On June 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy Chen resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The decision
        by Mr. Chen to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices of the
        Company. There is no other material matter in respect of Mr. Chen’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention
        of shareholders of the Company or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In connection with his resignation from
        the Board, Mr. Chen also resigned from the Compensation Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
        Committee of the Board.

**      The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive director effective from April 17, 2023.
        During the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive director of
        the Company.


2         BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION


COMPANY SECRETARY                                                     LEGAL ADVISORS


Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCG, HKFCG) of                                    As to Hong Kong law and United States law
Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited                                Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom


AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                            As to PRC law
                                                                      Fangda Partners
Mr. John V. Oyler
Ms. Chau Hing Ling                                                    As to Cayman Islands law
                                                                      Mourant Ozannes
AUDITORS
                                                                      HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young, Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                                      Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
As to United States financial reporting audit                         Hopewell Centre
Ernst & Young LLP                                                     183 Queen’s Road East
                                                                      Wanchai, Hong Kong
As to PRC financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP                                            PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                                        TRANSFER OFFICE
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                      Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
The offices of Mourant Governance Services                            94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay
     (Cayman) Limited                                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1108
94 Solaris Avenue                                                     Cayman Islands
Camana Bay
Grand Cayman KY1-1108                                                 STOCK CODE
Cayman Islands
                                                                      06160


                                                                      COMPANY WEBSITE


                                                                      www. beigene.com




1.      The relevant appointment with effect from February 1, 2022;

2.      The relevant appointment with effect from February 25, 2022;

3.      The relevant appointment with effect from September 13, 2022;

4.      Appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee effective February
        1, 2022; appointed as the Co-Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee effective November 20, 2022.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT             3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We have
based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events
and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. All statements
other than statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including statements regarding our
strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives
of management and expected growth, are forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements often include
words such as, but not limited to, “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“goal,” “intend,” “may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would”
or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, among other
things, statements about:


•    our ability to successfully commercialize our approved medicines and to obtain approvals in additional
     indications and territories for our medicines;


•    our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our in-licensed medicines and drug candidates and any
     other medicines and drug candidates we may in-license;


•    our ability to further develop sales and marketing capabilities and launch and commercialize new medicines, if
     approved;


•    our ability to maintain and expand regulatory approvals for our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the pricing and reimbursement of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and our research and
     development programs;




4      BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to advance our drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and obtain regulatory
    approvals;


•   our reliance on the success of our clinical stage drug candidates;


•   our plans, expected milestones and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals;


•   the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, medicines, drug candidates and
    technology;


•   the scope of protection we (or our licensors) are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights
    covering our medicines, drug candidates and technology;


•   our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
    property rights and proprietary technology of third parties;


•   costs associated with enforcing or defending against intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or
    violation, product liability and other claims;


•   the regulatory environment and regulatory developments in the United States, China, the United Kingdom,
    Switzerland, the European Union (“EU”) and other jurisdictions in which we operate;


•   the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, capital requirements and our need for additional
    financing;


•   the potential benefits of strategic collaboration and licensing agreements and our ability to enter into and
    maintain strategic arrangements;


•   our plans and expectations to build significant technical operations and independent production capabilities
    for small molecule medicines and large molecule biologics to support the global demand for both commercial
    and clinical supply;


•   our reliance on third parties to conduct drug development, manufacturing and other services;




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT             5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to manufacture and supply, or have manufactured and supplied, drug candidates for clinical
    development and medicines for commercial sale;


•   the rate and degree of market access and acceptance of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•   developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies;


•   the size of the potential markets for our medicines and drug candidates and our ability to serve those markets;


•   our ability to effectively manage our growth;


•   our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;


•   statements regarding future revenue, hiring plans, key milestones, expenses, capital expenditures, capital
    requirements and share performance;


•   the future trading price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) listed on NASDAQ, our ordinary shares
    listed on HKEx, and our ordinary shares issued to permitted investors in China and listed and traded on the
    STAR in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”), as well as the impact of securities analysts’ reports on these prices;


•   the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our clinical development, regulatory, commercial, manufacturing,
    and other operations; and


•   other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this annual
    report.




6    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-
looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in
the forward-looking statements we make. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this
annual report, particularly in “Risk Factors,” that could cause actual future results or events to differ materially from
the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of
any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make.


Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any
forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required
by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ HK Listing
Rules”), we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
Statements of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of the date of this annual
report. Any such intentions may change in light of future developments.


This annual report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe
these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, you are cautioned not to
give undue weight to this information.All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by
reference to this cautionary statement.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT              7
BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeiGene,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and
“our” refer to BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.


OVERVIEW


We are a global biotechnology company that is developing and commercializing innovative and affordable oncology
medicines to improve treatment outcomes and access for patients worldwide.


We currently have three approved medicines that were discovered and developed in our own labs, including
BRUKINSA®, a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (“BTK”) for the treatment of various blood
cancers; tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various solid tumor and blood
cancers; and pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2. We have obtained approvals to
market BRUKINSA in the United States, the People’s Republic of China (“China” or the “PRC”), the European Union
(“EU”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), Canada, Australia and additional international markets, and tislelizumab and
pamiparib in China. By leveraging our China commercial capabilities, we have in-licensed the rights to distribute
13 approved medicines for the China market. Supported by our global clinical development and commercial
capabilities, we have entered into collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such as Amgen
Inc. (“Amgen”) and Novartis Pharma AG (“Novartis”) to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


We are committed to advancing best and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-minded partners
to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Our internal clinical development
capabilities are deep, including a more than 2,700-person global clinical development and medical affairs team that
is running more than 80 ongoing or planned clinical trials in over 50 medicines and drug candidates. This includes
more than 30 pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials across our portfolio, including our three internally
discovered, approved medicines. We have enrolled in our clinical trials more than 18,000 subjects, of which
approximately one-half have been outside of China.


We have built, and are expanding, our internal manufacturing capabilities through our state-of-the-art biologic and
small molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand of our medicines,
and are building a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey. We also work
with high quality contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to manufacture our internally developed clinical
and commercial products.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization of over 9,000 employees in 29
countries and regions, including the United States, China, Europe, and Australia.




8      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                   BUSINESS


Our Holding Company Structure


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with operations primarily conducted through our
subsidiaries in the United States, China, United Kingdom, Switzerland and Australia. The following diagram depicts
a summary of our corporate structure. Currently, our corporate structure contains no variable interest entities.


                                                                                          BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                                        (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                        NASDAQ: BGNE;
                                                                                     HK: 06160; SSE: 688235




                                                  BeiGene UK, Ltd.                                                         BeiGene (Hong Kong)
                                                  (United Kingdom)                                                        Co., Limited (Hong Kong)




   Regional Operating Subsidiaries                                               United States Operating                 Mainland China Operating
 (Australia, Brazil, Canada, Colombia,       BeiGene Switzerland GmbH
                                                                                       Subsidiaries                   Subsidiaries (Beijing, Guangzhou,
    Ireland, Israel, Japan, Korea,                 (Switzerland)
                                                                                (Delaware and New Jersey)                  Shanghai and Suzhou)
  New Zealand, Singapore, Thailand,
     Turkey and United Kingdom)


                                            European and Other Operating
                                                      Subsidiaries
                                           (Austria, France, Germany, Italy,
                                         Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden,
                                               Switzerland and Taiwan)




                                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.           •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT                        9
BUSINESS


OUR STRATEGY


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to transform the biotech
industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients around the world.
We have made significant progress towards accomplishing this vision over our first 12 years and have five strategic
competitive advantages positioning us for success both near- and long-term:


1.   We have built one of the world’s largest, most productive and cost-effective oncology research teams
     with more than 950 scientists. Their efforts have been validated by commercial approvals, clinical data,
     and collaborations that have secured US$1.4 billion in collaboration payments to the company. We have
     successfully developed three commercially approved medicines from our internal discovery engine, including
     BRUKINSA and tislelizumab. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis or
     a first-in-class mechanism of action. Our lead medicine, BRUKINSA, has demonstrated superiority for both
     progression-free survival and overall response rate versus ibrutinib in relapsed or refractory CLL. Our broad
     pipeline also includes internally developed products with the potential to be best-in-class or first-in-class,
     including our BCL-2 inhibitor, BGB-11417, our HPK1 inhibitor, BGB-15025, and BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted
     CDAC program that has demonstrated its potential with early data. Our pipeline also includes many early-
     stage assets for targets like OX40, LAG-3, and TIM-3. We have invested in technology platforms, including
     CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, ADC, CAR-NK, and mRNA. Our
     research and innovation capabilities will ensure we discover high-quality and impactful medicines for patients.


2.   We have built a substantial global clinical development team of 2,300 people on five continents, allowing us
     to run clinical trials predominantly without reliance on third party contract research organizations (“CROs”).
     Clinical development accounts for over 75% of the cost and most of the time to develop a medicine. We
     believe that by fully integrating these capabilities, we can create a strategic competitive advantage. By
     retaining clinical development activities internally, we can decrease the costs of our trials, increase enrollment
     speed, and leverage technology to ensure quality and consistency across trials and clinical sites. It also
     allows us to become more inclusive in the location and number of clinical sites to help improve the diversity
     of patients in our trials. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is
     one of our most important strategic competitive advantages and addresses an immense challenge in the
     pharmaceutical industry.




10     BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


3.   We have built a strong commercial portfolio, centered around two cornerstone medicines, BRUKINSA
     and tislelizumab, that are becoming primary revenue sources and will support the development of our future
     pipeline and additional combination therapies. Our hematological franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which
     is supported by a broad clinical program with over 4,800 patients in 35 trials in 29 markets. We ran two
     extensive head-to-head studies versus ibrutinib with over 800 patients enrolled. We are the first and only
     BTK inhibitor to demonstrate superior efficacy versus ibrutinib, and the data from the head-to-head ALPINE
     trial were selected for the prestigious late-breaker session at the American Society of Hematology (“ASH”)
     meeting in late 2022, with simultaneous publication in The New England Journal of Medicine. Based on
     the pooled safety data generated from our trials, we have shown a very favorable safety profile, especially
     when compared to ibrutinib in cardiovascular safety, including atrial fibrillation, ventricle arrhythmia, and
     hypertension. We believe BRUKINSA allows us to build a strong position in heme-oncology with our pipeline
     medicines, including our BCL-2 inhibitor, in both monotherapy and combination settings. Our solid tumor
     franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, tislelizumab, which is currently approved in China in
     ten indications. Tislelizumab has achieved the commercial market leader position in China in the PD-1/PDL-
     1 class. Outside of China, in conjunction with our partner Novartis, we have filed applications for approval in
     the U.S. and EU. With tislelizumab and the potentially best-in-class or first-in-class pipeline assets targeting
     OX40, TIGIT, LAG-3, and TIM-3, we are well-positioned to build our immuno-oncology business and deliver
     innovative therapies and combinations to patients.


4.   We have a differentiated international commercial organization of over 3,500 people to deliver medicines
     to patients around the globe. In China, the commercial team is actively driving the uptake of our internally
     developed and partnered medicines across solid tumors and hematology. BRUKINSA and tislelizumab have
     achieved market leadership positions in China in the BTKi and PD-1/PDL-1 classes, respectively, and we have
     launched and sell more than 13 products from our business partners around the globe. In North America,
     our U.S. team has continued to grow BRUKINSA sales as we launch new indications and expand to Canada.
     In Europe, we have built a targeted commercial team focused on medical thought leaders in blood cancer
     treatments. Altogether, BRUKINSA has been approved in over 65 markets, with additional filings pending
     or planned. Our strategy is to commercialize our medicines broadly throughout the world. Our commercial
     capabilities have expanded into the Asia Pacific region through our affiliates, the Latin America region, and
     other emerging markets through distribution partners. We have built a global commercial organization that
     will drive the delivery of highly effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe, and will
     collaborate with business partners to bridge health inequities.


5.   We have financial strength. In a time when the cost of capital has risen, we are well positioned financially.
     We already have substantial revenue from our cornerstone assets, which we expect to continue to grow
     significantly in 2023 and beyond. We expect product revenue growth to outpace our operating expense
     growth in the near-term, which will allow us to continue to improve our operating leverage. We will continue
     to be thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and we are committed to generating long-term
     value.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            11
BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL AND REGISTRATION STAGE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our commercial products and new products that are pending approval
as of February 27, 2023:


                                                         MECHANISM                   REGULATORY                BEIGENE
PRODUCT             LEAD INDICATIONS                     OF ACTION                   STATUS                    COMMERCIAL RIGHTS        PARTNER


                    U.S.: CLL/SLL, R/R MCL1, WM &        BTK inhibitor               Approved in more than Global                       N/A
                    R/R MZL1; China: R/R MCL2, R/R                                   65 markets, incl. U.S.,
                    CLL/SLL2 & R/R WM2; EU3: WM, R/R                                 China, EU and other
                    MZL, R/R CLL/SLL                                                 markets


                    1L Squamous and Non-Squamous         Anti-PD-1 antibody          Approved in China;        Outside North America,
                    NSCLC/2/3 L NSCLC/R/R classical                                  BLA accepted in U.S.4; Japan, EU and six other
                    Hodgkin’s lymphoma2/2/3 L HCC2/R/                                MAA accepted in EU4 European countries
                    R PD-L1+ UC2, MSI-H or dMMR solid
                    tumors, 2L ESCC, 1L NPC, 1L GC/
                    GEJC


                    3L BRCA-mutated ovarian cancer2      PARP inhibitor              Approved in China         Global                   N/A


                    Giant cell tumor of bone8/Skeletal   Anti-RANK ligand            Approved in China         Mainland China
                    Related Events (SREs) 8
                                                         antibody


                    R/R Acute lymphocytic leukemia8      Anti-CD19 x anti-CD3        Approved in China         Mainland China
                                                         bispecific T-cell engager
                                                         (BiTE)


                    R/R Multiple myeloma8                Proteasome inhibitor        Approved in China         Mainland China




12        BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2022        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                         BUSINESS


                                                                  MECHANISM              REGULATORY              BEIGENE
PRODUCT                  LEAD INDICATIONS                         OF ACTION              STATUS                  COMMERCIAL RIGHTS      PARTNER


                         R/R adult multiple myeloma, newly        Anti-angiogenesis,     Approved in China       Mainland China
                         diagnosed multiple myeloma,              immuno-modulation
                         previously treated follicular lymphoma


                         Myelodysplastic syndromes,               DNA hypomethylation    Approved in China       Mainland China
                         acute myeloid leukemia, chronic
                         myelomonocytic leukemia


                         Idiopathic multicentric Castleman        IL-6 antagonist        Approved in China       Greater China
                         disease


                         High-risk neuroblastoma2                 Anti-GD2 antibody      Approved in China       Mainland China



POBEVCY® (Avastin        Colorectal and lung cancers              Anti-VEGF antibody     Approved in China       Greater China
biosimilar)

TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)   Melanoma5                                BRAF inhibitor         Approved in China       China Broad Markets7


MEKINIST® (trametinib)   Melanoma5                                MEK inhibitor          Approved in China       China Broad Markets7


VOTRIENT® (pazopanib)    Advance renal cell carcinoma             VEGFR inhibitor        Approved in China       China Broad Markets7


AFINITOR® (everolimus)   Advanced renal cell carcinoma6           mTOR inhibitor         Approved in China       China Broad Markets7


ZYKADIA® (ceritinib)     ALK + NSCLC                              ALK inhibitor          Approved in China       China Broad Markets7




                                                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.            •    2022       ANNUAL REPORT        13
BUSINESS


1.   Approved under accelerated approval. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and
     description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. 2. Conditionally approved. Full approval for these indications is
     contingent upon results from ongoing randomized, controlled confirmatory clinical trials. 3. The approval is applicable to
     all 27 EU member states, plus Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway. 4. U.S.: For patients with unresectable recurrent locally
     advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic therapy. EU: For patients with advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior
     systemic chemotherapy and for patients with NSCLC including: locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC after prior chemo, in
     combination with chemotherapy for 1L advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC, and in combination with chemotherapy
     for 1L locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC with no EGFR or ALK positive mutations. 5. TAFINLAR and
     MEKINIST are being investigated in combination by Novartis for NSCLC indications. 6. Following progression on or after
     vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-targeted therapy. 7. Rights to promote and market in China’s broad markets
     pursuant to a Market Development Agreement with an affiliate of Novartis Pharma AG. 8. Conditionally approved. Full
     approval of any particular indication will depend on the results of required post-marketing study(ies) in China.


     Abbreviations: ALK = anaplastic lymphoma kinase; BLA = Biologics License Application; BRAF = B-rapidly accelerated
     fibrosarcoma; CLL = chronic lymphocytic leukemia; EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; ESCC = esophageal
     squamous cell carcinoma; GC = gastric cancer; GEJC = gastroesophageal junction cancer; HCC = hepatocellular
     carcinoma; MAA = marketing aothorization application; MCL = mantle cell lymphoma; MEK = mitogen-activated protein
     kinase (MAPK)/Extracellular-signal regulated kinase (ERK); mTOR = Mammalian target of rapamycin; MZL = marginal
     zone lymphoma; NPC = nasopharyngeal cancer; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; R/R = relapsed/refractory; SLL =
     small lymphocytic lymphoma; UC = urothelial carcinoma; VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; WM =
     Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia


We commercialize the following internally developed cancer medicines:


BRUKINSA ®

BRUKINSA is a next-generation small molecule inhibitor of BTK designed to maximize BTK occupancy and
minimize off-target binding effects. Zanubrutinib is an orally active inhibitor that covalently binds to BTK, resulting in
irreversible inactivation of the enzyme.


We are marketing BRUKINSA in the United States, China, Europe, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and other
markets.




14     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


In the United States, BRUKINSA received accelerated approval as a treatment for mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) in
adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy (November 2019), and has since also been approved
for patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (WM) and relapsed or refractory (R/R) marginal zone lymphoma
(MZL) who have received at least one anti-CD20-based regimen. The MCL and MZL indications were approved
under accelerated approval based on overall response rate. Continued approval for these indications may be
contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. In January 2023, BRUKINSA
was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of adult patients with CLL or small
lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL).


In Europe, BRUKINSA has received approval from the European Commission for the treatment of adult patients with
WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of patients unsuitable for chemo-
immunotherapy, as well as for the treatment of patients with MZL and for the treatment of patients with CLL.


In China, BRUKINSA has received conditional approval for adult patients with MCL who have received at least
one prior therapy and adult patients with CLL or SLL who have received at least one prior therapy and for the
treatment of patients with R/R WM. In addition, a supplemental new drug application (“sNDA”) has been accepted
for review by the China National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) for the treatment of adult patients with
treatment-naïve CLL or SLL and WM. In December 2021, we announced the inclusion of BRUKINSA for R/R WM in
the updated National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) by the China National Healthcare Security Administration
(“NHSA”). Currently, all three approved indications for BRUKINSA are included in the NRDL.


BRUKINSA is approved across several indications in more than 65 markets as of February 2023.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           15
BUSINESS


Market Opportunity


Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and Hodgkin’s lymphoma. In 2022, estimated global revenues for BTK
inhibitors were approximately US$8.5 billion according to published reports. Global revenues are projected to be
more than US$20 billion in 2026, according to published reports.


Tislelizumab

Tislelizumab is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor programmed cell
death protein 1 (PD-1) that we specifically designed to minimize binding to Fc receptor gamma (FcγR), which is
believed to play an essential role in activating phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T
effector cells.


Tislelizumab is approved in China in ten indications, including full approval for the first-line treatment of patients
with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with
high PD-L1 expression in combination with fluoropyrimidine and platinum chemotherapy, first-line treatment of
patients with advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in combination with chemotherapy, for first-
line treatment of patients with advanced non-squamous NSCLC in combination with chemotherapy, for second-
or third-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC who progressed on prior platinum-
based chemotherapy, for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell
carcinoma (ESCC) who have disease progression following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy,
and for first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal cancer (NPC). The NMPA also
granted conditional approval for the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma (cHL) who received at
least two prior therapies, for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC)
with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or
within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, for the treatment
of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) who have received at least one systemic therapy, for patients with
previously treated, locally advanced unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch
repair-deficient (dMMR) solid tumors. Full approval for these indications is contingent upon results from ongoing
randomized, controlled, confirmatory clinical trials. Tislelizumab was included in the NRDL in 2020 for cHL and UC,
in 2021 for non-squamous NSCLC, squamous NSCLC and HCC, and in 2022 for locally advanced or metastatic
NSCLC, for MSI-H solid tumors, for locally advanced or metastatic ESCC following progression or intolerance to
prior first-line chemotherapy, and for first-line recurrent or metastatic NPC.




16      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


In addition, we have submitted two supplemental Biologics License Applications (“sBLAs”) for tislelizumab that are
under review by the Center for Drug Evaluation of the NMPA, including for patients with first-line unresectable or
metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), and in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients
with unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.


We are evaluating tislelizumab in a broad pivotal clinical program for both solid tumor and hematological
indications, both globally and in China. We have initiated or completed 17 potentially registration-enabling clinical
trials in China and globally, including 13 Phase 3 trials and four pivotal Phase 2 trials.


In January 2021, we announced a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture
and commercialize tislelizumab in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the EU, UK, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland,
Liechtenstein, Russia and Japan (the “Novartis Territory”). We retained worldwide rights to commercialize outside of
the Novartis Territory and with our proprietary products in combination with tislelizumab.


In the United States, we have filed a BLA with the FDA for tislelizumab as a treatment for patients with unresectable
recurrent locally advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic therapy. In addition, Novartis has disclosed
plans to submit additional marketing applications in its territory.


Market Opportunity


Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody medicines had revenues of approximately US$36 billion in 2022 based
on public reports. The 2022 China PD-1/L1 market (net revenue) was approximately US$2.2 billion.


Global revenues are projected to be more than US$50 billion by 2025 according to published reports, driven by
multiple factors including indication expansion, approvals and adoptions in earlier lines of therapies, further market
penetration, and extension of duration of therapy.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT         17
BUSINESS


Pamiparib

Pamiparib is a selective small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1 (PARP1) and PARP2 enzymes.
Pamiparib has demonstrated pharmacological properties such as brain penetration and PARP-DNA complex
trapping in preclinical models. Pamiparib is currently in global clinical development as a monotherapy or in
combination with other agents for a variety of solid tumor malignancies. To date, more than 1,300 patients have
been enrolled in clinical trials of pamiparib.


In China, pamiparib received conditional approval for treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA) mutation-
associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with two
or more lines of chemotherapy in May 2021. Full approval for this indication is contingent upon results from ongoing
corroborative trials confirming the clinical benefit of pamiparib in this population. Pamiparib was included in the
2021 NRDL in its approved indication.


We are currently commercializing, or plan to commercialize, the following cancer medicines in China under an
exclusive license from Amgen:


XGEVA ®

XGEVA (denosumab) is an antibody-based RANK ligand (RANKL) inhibitor that was approved globally for the
prevention of skeletal-related events (“SREs”) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and in patients
with multiple myeloma, and for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents with giant cell tumor of
bone (GCTB). XGEVA is approved in over 70 countries worldwide. In China, XGEVA received conditional approval
in the GCTB indication in May 2019 and received conditional approval for the SRE indications in November 2020.
We began marketing XGEVA in China in July 2020. In December 2020, we announced the inclusion of XGEVA in the
NRDL for the treatment of GCTB, which was successfully renewed for inclusion in 2023.


BLINCYTO ®

BLINCYTO (blinatumomab), a bispecific CD-19 directed CD3 T-cell engager, is the first and only approved bi-
specific T-cell engager (BiTE) immunotherapy. It has been approved in 60 countries for use in patients with acute
lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). In China, BLINCYTO received conditional approval as a treatment for adult patients
with R/R ALL in December 2020 and was conditionally approved in April 2022 for pediatric patients with R/R B-cell
precursor ALL. We began commercializing BLINCYTO in August 2021.


KYPROLIS ®

KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), a proteasome inhibitor, has been approved in over 60 countries for use in patients with
R/R multiple myeloma (MM). It was approved in China as a treatment for patients with R/R MM in July 2021 and
we began commercializing KYPROLIS in January 2022. KYPROLIS was included on the NRDL beginning in March
2023 for its approved indication in China.




18      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


We commercialize the following cancer medicines in China under an exclusive license from BMS:


REVLIMID ®

REVLIMID (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory medicine that was approved in China in 2013 for the
treatment of multiple myeloma (MM) in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients who have received at
least one prior therapy. In February 2018, REVLIMID received NMPA approval of a new indication for the treatment
of MM in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients with previously untreated MM who are not eligible for
transplant.


REVLIMID was listed on the NRDL in June 2017. In November 2019, we announced that REVLIMID received formal
inclusion on the NRDL in China for R/R multiple myeloma. In November 2020 our sNDA for the use of REVLIMID
in combination with rituximab in adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma was approved by the
NMPA.


VIDAZA ®

VIDAZA (azacitidine for injection) is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects
of DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression. VIDAZA was approved in China in April
2017 for the treatment of intermediate-2 and high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), chronic myelomonocyte
leukemia (CMML) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with 20% to 30% blasts and multi-lineage dysplasia. In
January 2018, VIDAZA became commercially available in China.


In addition to REVLIMID and VIDAZA, we previously commercialized ABRAXANE® (paclitaxel albumin-bound
particles for injectable suspension), a solvent-free chemotherapy approved for use in certain patients with
metastatic breast cancer, in China until March 2020. On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation,
sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and
is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract
manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to
us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE in China. We have not had any
sales of ABRAXANE since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE. We have initiated
an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and
conditions of the license and supply agreement.


We are commercializing or planning to commercialize the following medicines in China under an exclusive license
from EUSA Pharma:


SYLVANT ®

SYLVANT (siltuximab), an interleukin-6 (IL-6) antagonist, was approved as a treatment for patients with idiopathic
multicentric Castleman disease (iMCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human
herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. SYLVANT was approved in China in December 2021 for the treatment of adult
patients with multicentric Castleman disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and
human herpes virus-8 (HHV-8) negative, also known as idiopathic MCD (iMCD).



                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           19
BUSINESS


QARZIBA ®▼

QARZIBA (dinutuximab beta), a mouse-human chimeric monoclonal GD2 antibody, was granted conditional
approval by the NMPA for the treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above
who have previously received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as patients with a history of relapsed or refractory (R/R)
neuroblastoma with or without residual disease. We began commercializing QARZIBA in December 2021.


We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Bio-Thera:


POBEVCY ® (BAT1706)

POBEVCY is a biosimilar to Avastin (bevacizumab) developed by Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd., a commercial-stage
biopharmaceutical company located in Guangzhou, China. In China, Avastin is approved for the treatment of
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, liver cancer and NSCLC.


POBEVCY was approved by the NMPA in China in November 2021 and launched in late 2021 for the treatment of
patients with advanced, metastatic or recurrent NSCLC and metastatic colorectal cancer.


We have acquired the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize POBEVCY in China, including Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan. Bio-Thera submitted a marketing application to the EMA and a BLA to the FDA in November
2020.


Reimbursement and Market Access


Our sales are largely dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement by third party payors.
In many markets these third parties are government health systems and in some markets such as the United States
there are also private payors such as private health insurers and health systems. In 2022, we commercialized our
products in 60 markets.




20      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                           BUSINESS


In China, there is one main payor, the government’s national health care coverage system, which provides Basic
Medical Insurance to the majority (greater than 95%) of China’s approximately 1.4 billion people. There are three
types of coverage plans in China at the national level that depend on if a resident lives in an urban or rural setting
and if they are employed. The different plans have different characteristics in terms of how the plan is paid for and
what it covers. Coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals in China comes under the purview of the NHSA,
which oversees the NRDL. The NRDL is composed of three lists. The ‘A’ and ‘B’ list are commonly referred to as
the ‘regular’ lists. The A list generally includes older, off-patent medicines, while the B list generally includes newer
medicines, some with remaining patent protection, which are reimbursed at a lower rate compared to the A list. In
2017, a third list was added to the system, often referred to as the ‘C’ list or the ‘negotiation’ list. This list generally
includes newer innovative medicines which are accepted on the list after successful negotiation between the NHSA
and the company. Typically, inclusion on the C list is accompanied by a discount to the prevailing list price in China
for the medicine at the time of inclusion. The NRDL price for a medicine is its prevailing price in China, but the
actual reimbursement rate that is used can be modified at the provincial level. Innovatively, in the 2022 NRDL, a
price bidding process for non-exclusive drugs was undertaken on the C list to set the national reimbursement price
benchmark.


Several of our medicines are listed on the NRDL. In the most recent NRDL list announced in January 2023, the
following medicines were included in the NRDL, effective March 1, 2023:


•     Tislelizumab in nine of its eligible approved indications:


      –     For the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous non-small cell
            lung cancer (NSCLC) who are negative for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and anaplastic
            mesenchymal lymphoma kinase (ALK) mutations and have progressed after or are intolerant of prior
            chemotherapy with platinum-containing regimens; and adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic
            squamous NSCLC who are negative or unknown for EGFR and ALK mutations and have progressed
            after or are intolerant of prior chemotherapy with platinum-containing regimens (approved in January
            2022 and included in the NRDL in 2023);


      –     For the treatment of adult patients with advanced unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-
            high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors: patients with advanced colorectal
            cancer with disease progression after prior treatment with fluoropyrimidines, oxaliplatin and irinotecan;
            patients with other advanced solid tumors with disease progression after prior treatment and no
            satisfactory alternative treatment options (approved in March 2022 and included in the NRDL in 2023);




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT             21
BUSINESS


     –     For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
           who have progressed after or are intolerant of prior first-line standard chemotherapy (approved in April
           2022 and included in the NRDL in 2023);


     –     As a first-line treatment for patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal cancer (approved in
           June 2022 and included in the NRDL in 2023);


     –     For use in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy as a first-line treatment in patients
           with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC),
           with EGFR genomic tumor aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative (approved in June
           2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021);


     –     For the treatment of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) who have been previously treated
           with at least one systemic therapy (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in
           2021);


     –     For use in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin as a first-line treatment in patients with
           unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC (approved in January 2021 and included
           in the NRDL in 2021);


     –     For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) with PD-
           L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy
           or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy
           (conditionally approved in April 2020 and included in NRDL in 2020); and


     –     For the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma (cHL) who have received at least two
           prior therapies (conditionally approved in December 2019 and included in the NRDL in 2020).




22       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


•   BRUKINSA in all three of its approved indications:


    –    For the treatment of adult patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (WM) who have received at
         least one prior therapy (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021);


    –    For the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally
         approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020); and


    –    For the treatment of adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)/small lymphocytic
         lymphoma (SLL) who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally approved in June 2020 and
         included in the NRDL in 2020).


•   Pamiparib in its approved indication:


    –    For the treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA) mutation-associated recurrent advanced
         ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with two or more lines of
         chemotherapy (conditionally approved in May 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021).


•   KYPROLIS in its approved indication as of March 1, 2023:


    –    For the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at
         least two prior therapies, including a proteasome inhibitor and an immunomodulatory agent.


•   XGEVA was successfully renewed in NRDL as of March 2023 in its approved indication:


    –    For the treatment of patients with giant cell tumor of the bone (GCTB) that is unresectable or where
         surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity (first included in NRDL in 2020).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT      23
BUSINESS


Additionally, two of our medicines were listed in past NRDLs: REVLIMID was included in the 2017 NRDL negotiation
list and later received formal inclusion in the 2019 B list, while VIDAZA was listed in the 2018 NRDL negotiation list
and later received formal inclusion to the 2020 B list.


In 2018, China started a new program to centrally purchase non-exclusive medicines for the nation’s health care
system called “volume-based procurement”, or “group purchasing organization” or “4+7” when the program was
first piloted in 11 major cities. After the 2018 pilot program, it was implemented nationally in 2019. It is a tender-
based system that provides guaranteed volume for lowered pricing. Participation in the program requires a
product to have passed a generic quality consistency evaluation, which in turn requires passing a bioequivalence
comparison to the reference listed drug (RLD). The system offers a major portion of a market’s volume to winning
bidders. More than one company can win a given tender, and more guaranteed volume is awarded as more bidders
win. The system is still evolving and, as such, the exact terms of how many bidders win and what amount of volume
are won and at what price is also evolving.


It is common in China for pharmaceutical companies to employ patient assistance programs to help patients afford
their innovative medicines. Usually these programs have been offered to patients who are self-paying. A typical
program provides a certain number of free doses to patients after a certain number of doses have been paid for.
Usually these programs end when a medicine is included in the NRDL. We offer these types of patient assistance
programs to our patients.


In the United States, most health insurance coverage is provided by private insurers, often accessed via employer-
sponsored plans, and the two main public insurance programs, Medicare and Medicaid. All three types of programs
usually have some type of coverage for pharmaceutical products. Often this is through a pharmacy benefit
manager. The structure of the pharmacy benefit can be quite different for different beneficiaries depending on the
negotiations between plan sponsors and plan purchasers. There is no central list of covered pharmaceuticals in the
United States, as there is no single payer system. As such, the prices paid for pharmaceuticals in the United States
can vary.


We offer patient assistance programs in the United States under our myBeiGene program. This program seeks
to enhance access to BRUKINSA by assisting with obtaining reimbursement, co-pay assistance when allowed,
temporary supply of free product for insurance delays, and free product assistance for some uninsured and
underinsured patients. The programs also seek to support patients and caregivers by providing education and
information about BRUKINSA and its approved indications, nurse advocates, and connecting patients to sources of
support such as support groups and transportation/lodging assistance.




24     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                             BUSINESS


OUR PIPELINE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our internally-discovered drug candidates as of February 27, 2023:


      ASSET           PROGRAM                      PHASE 1                  PHASE 2                                     PHASE 3

                monotherapy                                                                            R/R CLL/SLL

                + rituximab                                                                            TN MCL and R/R MZL
 Zanubrutinib
                +/- venetoclax                                                                         TN CLL/SLL

                + obinutuzumab                               R/R FL

                                                                                                       2L advanced ESCC, 1L HCC, 2L/3L NSCLC
                monotherapy
                                                             Previously treated HCC, R/R cHL

                + chemotherapy                                                                         1L advanced ESCC, 1L GC/GEJC, 1L NPC

                + zanidatamab +
 Tislelizumab                                                                                          1L GEA
                chemotherapy

                                                                                                       2L NSCLC
                + sitravatinib
                                    Solid tumors

                + fruquintinib                               Solid tumors

                                                                                                       1L PD-L1 high NSCLC

                + tislelizumab                               2L PD-L1+ESCC, 2/3 L cervical cancer

                                    Solid tumors

 Ociperlimab    + tislelizumab +
                                                             1L NSCLC
                chemotherapy

                + tislelzumab                                                                          LA NSCLC (PD-L! +)
                + concurrent
                                                             1L LS-SCLC
                chemoradiotherapy




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.                 •        2022    ANNUAL REPORT                      25
BUSINESS


       ASSET               PROGRAM                             PHASE 1                             PHASE 2                PHASE 3

                     + tislelizumab +/- LBL-
 Surzebiclimab                                                                     Solid tumors
                     007

 BGB-A445            + tislelizumab             Solid tumors

                     + tislelizumab             Solid tumors

 BGB-10188           +/- zanubrutinib           B-cell lymphoid malignancies

                     +/- tislelizumab           B-cell malignancies

 BGB-15025           + tislelizumab             Solid tumors

                     monotherapy                                                   1L maintenance platinum-sensitive GC
 Pamiparib
                     + temozolomide             Solid tumors

 BGB-3245            monotherapy                Solid tumors with BRAF mutations

 Lifirafenib         + mirdametinib             Solid tumors

                     monotherapy                                                   R/R MCL, R/R CLL/SLL

                     +/- zanubrutinib           Mature B-cell malignancies

                     + azacitidine +/-
 BGB-11417                                                                         Myeloid malignancies
                     posaconazole

                     + dexamethasone +/-
                                                                                   R/R multiple myelome with t (11;14)
                     carfilzomib

 BGB-16673           monotherapy                B-cell malignancies

 BGB-23339           monotherapy                Inflammation and immunology

 BGB-24714           +/- chemotherapy           Solid tumors

 BGB-B167            +/- tislelizumab           Solid tumors


Abbreviations: cHL = classical Hodgkin lymphoma; CLL = chronic lymphocytic leukemia; ESCC = esophageal squamous-cell
carcinoma; FL = follicular lymphoma; GC = gastric cancer; GEA = gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma; GEJC = gastroesophaegeal
junction cancer; HCC = hepatocellular carcinoma; MCL = mantle cell lymphoma; MZL = marginal zone lymphoma; NPC =
nasopharyngeal carcinoma; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; R/R = relapsed/refractory; SCLC = small cell lung cancer; SLL =
small lymphocytic lymphoma; TN = treatment treatment-naïve




26             BEIGENE, LTD.             •     2022       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                 BUSINESS


The following table summarizes the status of our in-licensed drug candidates as of February 27, 2023:


        Partner                     Molecule/Asset                    Indications            Phase           Commercial Rights
                        Sotorasib                          Solid tumors, CRC, NSCLC         Phase 3   China
                        tarlatamab ^^                      SCLC                             Phase 2   China
                        acapatamab ^^                      Prostate cancer, NSCLC           Phase 1   China
                        AMG 176                            Hematologic malignancies         Phase 1   China
                        AMG 427 ^^                         AML                              Phase 1   China
                        AMG 509                            Prostate cancer                  Phase 1   China
                        AMG 199 ^^                         GC/GEJC                          Phase 1   China
                        AMG 650                            Solid tumors                     Phase 1   China
                        AMG 256                            Solid tumors                     Phase 1   China
                        Sitravatinib † + Tislelizumab      NSCLC                            Phase 3   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        Sitravatinib † + Tislelizumab      HCC, GC/GEJC                     Phase 2   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        Sitravatinib † + Tislelizumab      Solid tumors                     Phase 1   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        Zanidatamab + chemo + Tislelizumab GEA                              Phase 3   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        Zanidatamab (monotherapy)          BTC                              Phase 2   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        Zanidatamab                        BC, GC, GEA                      Phase 2   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        ZW49                               HER2 expressing cancers          Phase 1   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        BGB-3245    1
                                                           Solid tumors                     Phase 1   Asia
                        SEA-CD70                           MDS, AML                         Phase 1   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        DKN-01 + Tislelizumab + Chemo      GC/GEJC                          Phase 2   Asia, Australia, New Zealand
                        LBL-007 + Tislelizumab             Advanced solid tumors            Phase 2   Ex-China
                        ABI-H3733                          Chronic hepatitis B virus        Phase 1   China

^ BiTE® molecule; ^^ Half-life extended BiTE®; † XmAb® is a registered trademark of Xencor, Inc. Mirati is also conducting its
own clinical studies with sitravatinib, including the Phas3 SAPPHIRE trial in non Sq NSCLC; †† ZW25; 1 By MapKure, a JV with
SpringWorks


Abbreviations: AML = acute myelogenous leukemia; BC = breast cancer; BTC = biliary tract cancers; CRC = colorectal cancer; GC
= gastric cancer; GEA = gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma; GEJC = gastroesophaegeal junction cancer; HCC = hepatocellular
carcinoma; MDS = myelodysplastic syndromes; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; SCLC = small cell lung cancer




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT                  27
BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL- AND CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


A description of our commercial- and clinical-stage drug candidates and clinical data from selected clinical trials
is set forth below. Historically, we have made available, and we intend to continue to make available, clinical data
and/or topline results from clinical trials of our drug candidates in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”), and the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”), copies of which are available on the Investors section of our website.


Commercial-Stage
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), a BTK Inhibitor


We are currently evaluating zanubrutinib in a broad pivotal clinical program globally to treat a number of B-cell
malignancies. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood and
lymph node compartments in patients. Zanubrutinib is the only BTK inhibitor to demonstrate superior progression-
free survival versus IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), an approved BTK inhibitor.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

We have announced BRUKINSA approvals around the world, including in the United States, China, the EU, the
U.K., Canada, Australia, South Korea and Switzerland. As of December 2022, 26 additional marketing authorization
applications for BRUKINSA have been submitted and are under review, including by BeiGene and with support
from our five distribution partners: Adium Pharma in Latin America and the Caribbean, NewBridge Pharmaceuticals
in the Middle East and North Africa, Erkim in Turkey, Nanolek in Russia, and Medison in Israel.


Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that BRUKINSA has a best-in-class profile, and we are running a
broad global pivotal program in multiple indications, including 10 registration or registration-enabling clinical trials.
Five of the 10 trials are Phase 3 and five are designed to be registration-enabling Phase 2 trials.




28     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


We have reported results from the monotherapy head-to-head Phase 3 trial versus ibrutinib in WM (ASPEN,
NCT03053440), which has been included in several filings globally. We have also reported results from the Phase 3
trial comparing BRUKINSA to bendamustine and rituximab in patients with treatment-naïve (TN) CLL/SLL (SEQUOIA,
NCT03336333) and the head-to-head Phase 3 trial in R/R CLL/SLL versus ibrutinib (ALPINE, NCT03734016).
Both trials are the basis for our approvals in CLL in the U.S. and EU. Our fourth Phase 3 trial is an ongoing
Phase 3 confirmatory trial in patients with TN MCL (NCT04002297). Our fifth Phase 3 trial is an ongoing Phase 3
confirmatory trial in patients with R/R follicular lymphoma (FL) or R/R MZL (NCT05100862). Additionally, we have
five filed or ongoing Phase 2 trials that are designed to be registration-enabling, including four monotherapy studies
in R/R MCL, R/R WM, R/R CLL/SLL (NCT03206970, NCT03332173, NCT03206918), and R/R MZL (MAGNOLIA,
NCT03846427) and an ongoing pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination with GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab) in patients with
R/R FL (ROSEWOOD, NCT03332017). Data from the ROSEWOOD trial were presented at the European Hematology
Association (EHA) 2022, meeting its primary endpoint. Finally, we are also investigating zanubrutinib in several
combination studies in MCL, MZL and CLL/SLL, including a Phase 3 trial in combination with venetoclax in front-
line CLL/SLL.


We continue to pursue regulatory approvals for BRUKINSA globally. Besides our recent approvals in CLL/SLL in the
United States (January 2023) and EU (November 2022) we expect continued regulatory decisions for some of our
global filings this year, including potential additional approvals in more than 10 markets.


Tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 Antibody


Tislelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 that is currently
being evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally and for which we plan to commence additional pivotal trials as a
monotherapy and in combination with standard of care to treat various solid and hematological cancers.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

BeiGene has initiated or completed 21 potentially registration-enabling clinical trials in China and globally, including
13 Phase 3 trials and four pivotal Phase 2 trials intended to support regulatory submissions globally and in China.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT          29
BUSINESS


Our trials in lung cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial evaluating tislelizumab as a second- or third-line treatment compared to docetaxel in
      patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC (NCT03358875);


•     Two Phase 3 trials in China evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy in squamous
      and non-squamous NSCLC (NCT03594747 and NCT03663205, respectively);


•     A Phase 3 trial in China in 1L SCLC evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy
      (NCT04005716); and


•     A Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab in combination with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as
      neoadjuvant treatment for patients with NSCLC (NCT04379635).


Our trials in liver cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial comparing tislelizumab with sorafenib as first-line treatment for patients with HCC
      (NCT03412773); and


•     A global single-arm pivotal Phase 2 trial in second or third line unresectable HCC (NCT03419897).


Our trials in gastric cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined with
      chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with gastric cancer (NCT03777657).


Our trials in lymphoma include:


•     A Phase 3 trial in China comparing tislelizumab to salvage chemotherapy in patients with relapsed or
      refractory classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL; NCT04486391); and


•     A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with relapsed or refractory cHL (NCT03209973).




30      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Our trials in urothelial carcinoma include:


•    A Phase 3 trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (NCT03967977);
     and


•    Phase 2 trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial bladder cancer (NCT04004221).


Our trials in ESCC include:


•    A global Phase 3 trial comparing tislelizumab with chemotherapy as second-line treatment for patients with
     advanced ESCC (NCT03430843);


•    A global Phase 3 trial of tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with
     ESCC (NCT03783442); and


•    A Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab versus placebo in combination with chemoradiotherapy in patients with
     localized ESCC (NCT03957590).


Finally, our trials in solid tumors and nasopharyngeal cancer include:


•    A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors (NCT03736889); and


•    A Phase 3 trial in China and Thailand of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined
     with chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with nasopharyngeal cancer (NCT03924986).


As of December 2022, we had enrolled over 11,000 subjects in clinical trials of tislelizumab in 31 geographies,
including more than 4,000 subjects outside of China. These studies include 11 multi-regional registrational trials that
are designed for global regulatory approvals. Data from our trials thus far suggested that tislelizumab was generally
well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of tumor types.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT            31
BUSINESS


Pamiparib, a PARP1 and PARP2 Inhibitor


Pamiparib is a selective small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1 (PARP1) and PARP2 enzymes
that is being evaluated as a potential monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment of various solid tumors.
We believe that pamiparib has the potential to be differentiated from other PARP inhibitors because of its brain
penetration, greater selectivity, strong DNA-trapping activity, and good oral bioavailability demonstrated in
preclinical models.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

In China, pamiparib received conditional approval in May 2021 for treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA)
mutation-associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been
treated with two or more lines of chemotherapy. Full approval for this indication is contingent upon results from
ongoing corroborative trials confirming the clinical benefit of pamiparib in this population.


In addition, our clinical development program includes a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance therapy in patients with
platinum-sensitive recurrent OC (NCT03519230), a Phase 2 trial in first-line platinum-sensitive GC maintenance
(NCT03427814), and a Phase 1b trial in combination with temozolomide in solid tumors (NCT03150810).


Clinical-Stage
Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217), a TIGIT Inhibitor


Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217) is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody directed against TIGIT.
An immune checkpoint molecule, ociperlimab is currently being investigated in two global Phase 3 clinical trials,
the AdvanTIG-301 (NCT04866017) and AdvanTIG-302 (NCT04746924) trials, in combination with tislelizumab in
NSCLC. As of December 2022, more than 1,600 subjects have been enrolled across the ociperlimab development
program, which includes eight global trials in patients with lung cancers, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, and
cervical cancer.


In December 2021 we announced an option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop,
manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab in North America, Europe, and Japan, as discussed further below
under “Novartis Collaboration — Option Collaboration and License Agreement for Ociperlimab ”.


We have completed patient enrollment in the AdvanTIG-202 trial (NCT04693234) in patients with previously treated
recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer. We expect to initiate additional pivotal clinical trials and announce data
from Phase 2 trial expansion cohorts in 2023 to inform our subsequent development for ociperlimab.




32     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Lifirafenib (BGB-283) and BGB-3245, Inhibitors of RAF


Lifirafenib is an investigational novel small molecule inhibitor with RAF monomer and dimer inhibition activities.
Lifirafenib has shown antitumor activities in preclinical models and in cancer patients with tumors harboring BRAF
V600E mutations, non-V600E BRAF mutations or KRAS/NRAS mutations. We have been developing lifirafenib
for the treatment of cancers with aberrations in the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), pathway, including
BRAF gene mutations and KRAS/NRAS gene mutations where first generation BRAF inhibitors are not effective. We
believe that lifirafenib as monotherapy or in combination with other agents may have potential for treating various
malignancies such as melanoma, NSCLC, and endometrial cancer.


BeiGene is working together with SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (SpringWorks) in a global clinical collaboration
and has initiated a Phase 1b clinical trial (NCT03905148) to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and preliminary efficacy
of lifirafenib in combination with SpringWorks’ investigational MEK inhibitor, mirdametinib (PD-0325901), in patients
with advanced solid tumors.


In addition to the collaboration, BeiGene and SpringWorks formed a separate company, MapKure, LLC, to develop
BGB-3245, an investigational, selective next-generation RAF kinase inhibitor discovered by BeiGene scientists.
MapKure has an ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of BGB-3245 (NCT04249843) in patients with advanced or refractory
tumors harboring specific v-RAF murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B (B-RAF) genetic mutations.


Sitravatinib, a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor


In January 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (Mirati) for the
development, manufacturing and commercialization of Mirati’s sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan and certain
other countries), Australia and New Zealand. Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor,
which potently inhibits receptor tyrosine kinases, including RET, TAM family receptors (TYRO3, Axl, MER), and split
family receptors (VEGFR2, KIT). Sitravatinib is being evaluated by Mirati in multiple clinical trials to treat patients
who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a Phase 3 SAPPHIRE trial of sitravatinib
in NSCLC initiated in 2019. In 2022, as part of our collaboration with Mirati, we initiated patient enrollment for a
Phase 2 clinical trial of sitravatinib in combination with tislelizumab in locally advanced unresectable or metastatic
ESCC that progressed on or after anti-PD-L1 antibody therapy (NCT05461794).




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            33
BUSINESS


We are evaluating sitravatinib in multiple clinical trials including a Phase 3 trial combined with tislelizumab in NSCLC
(NCT04921358).


BGB-11417, a Small Molecule Bcl-2 Inhibitor


BGB-11417 is an investigational small molecule Bcl-2 inhibitor. We have completed preclinical and investigational
new drug (IND) -enabling studies of BGB-11417, which demonstrated potent activity and high selectivity against the
pro-apoptotic protein Bcl-2. The molecule appears to be more potent than venetoclax and shows the potential to
overcome resistance to venetoclax. Further, it is more selective than venetoclax for Bcl-2 relative to Bcl-xL. Finally,
we believe that it is well-positioned to be combined with BRUKINSA. Phase 1 clinical data for non-Hodgkin’s
lymphoma, CLL, acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and multiple myeloma (MM) (NCT04883957, NCT04277637,
NCT04771130, and NCT04973605) were presented at ASH 2022. We initiated patient dosing in a Phase 2 study to
evaluate BCL-2 inhibitor BGB-11417 in patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma (NCT05471843)
and relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia or small lymphocytic lymphoma (NCT05479994) in 2022
and expect data readouts from ongoing studies in 2023.


BGB-A445, an OX40 Agonist Antibody


BGB-A445 is an investigational agonistic antibody directed to the OX40 antigen. BGB-A445 is a non-ligand
competing antibody that does not disrupt OX40 to OX40 ligand engagement. Preclinical experiments showed that
BGB-A445 has increasing effectiveness at higher doses versus an antibody that was ligand-competing, which
showed falling effectiveness at higher doses. BGB-A445 has also showed in preclinical tests the potential to be
combined with several agents, such as tislelizumab, as well as a TLR9 agonist, a PI3K inhibitor, sitravatinib, and
chemotherapy. We have an ongoing Phase 1 trial (NCT04215978) of BGB-A445 in combination with tislelizumab in
patients with advanced solid tumors and initiated tumor-specific dose expansion cohorts in a Phase 1 monotherapy
trial (NCT04215978) in patients with solid tumors in 2022. We initiated patient dosing in a Phase 2 basket trial in
melanoma, renal cell cancer and bladder cancer (NCT05661955).




34     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


ZW25 (Zanidatamab), a bispecific HER2-targeted antibody


Zanidatamab, a novel investigational Azymetric™ bispecific antibody targeting HER2, is currently in late-stage
clinical development with Zymeworks Inc. BeiGene has development and commercial rights to zanidatamab in
Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. We are participating in three ongoing clinical studies with
zanidatamab. The first is a Phase 1/2 study (NCT04215978) in HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer. The breast
cancer arm combines zanidatamab with docetaxel, and the gastric cancer arm combines zanidatamab with our
PD-1 inhibitor tislelizumab and chemotherapy. The second study HERIZON-BTC-01 (NCT04466891) is a Phase 2b
study in patients with advanced or metastatic HER2-amplified biliary tract cancers (BTC) in which zanidatamab is
being used as monotherapy. Positive topline results from this trial were announced in 2022. We initiated a global
Phase 3 clinical trial (NCT05152147) examining zanidatamab in combination with chemotherapy with and without
tislelizumab in HER2-positive gastroesophageal cancer in late 2021. We completed enrollment in 2L biliary tract
cancer in 2022.


Surzebiclimab (BGB-A425), a TIM-3 Inhibitor


Surzebiclimab (BGB-A425) is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against T-cell
immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3 (TIM-3). We have an ongoing Phase 1/2 trial (NCT03744468) of
surzebiclimab in combination with tislelizumab in various solid tumors.


BGB-15025, a Small Molecule HPK1 Inhibitor


BGB-15025 is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of HPK1, which is a key negative feedback regulator of
TCR signaling. Inhibition of HPK1 leads to enhanced T-cell activation pre-clinically. In addition, preclinical studies
showed that BGB-15025 exhibits combination activity with tislelizumab and has a wide therapeutic window. We
initiated a Phase 1 trial (NCT04649385) of BGB-15025 alone and in combination with tislelizumab in patients with
advanced solid tumors in 2021. This trial is being conducted in multiple countries globally. We expect to initiate
dose-expansion for BGB-15025 in 2023.


BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted CDAC


BGB-16733 is an investigational BTK-targeting chimeric degradation activation compound (CDAC) active against
both wild-type and mutant BTK. BGB-16673 has demonstrated preclinical antitumor activity in models with
wild-type BTK and models with BTK inhibitor-resistant mutations commonly observed in patients who have
progressed on prior BTK inhibitor treatment. A Phase 1 open-label, dose-escalation, and dose-expansion trial
(NCT05006716) in adult patients with relapsed/refractory (R/R) B-cell malignancies is currently enrolling.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT            35
BUSINESS


BGB-23339, a TYK2 inhibitor


BGB-23339 is a potent, highly selective, allosteric, investigational tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor discovered
and being developed by BeiGene. TYK2 is a member of the JAK family and functions as a critical mediator in
cytokine signaling pathways implicated in multiple immune-mediated disorders. Designed to target the regulatory
pseudokinase (JH2) domain on TYK2, BGB-23339 has demonstrated strong selectivity in preclinical studies with
potent inhibition of interleukin (IL)-12, IL-23, and Type 1 interferons (IFNs)—pro-inflammatory cytokines that play
a determinant role in the induction of inflammation. BGB-23339 is currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical
study (NCT05093270).


BGB-24714, a SMAC mimetic


BGB-24714 is an investigational Second Mitochondrial-derived Activator of Caspase (SMAC) mimetic currently
enrolling in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05381909) as monotherapy or in combination with paclitaxel in advanced
solid tumors.


BGB-B167, a CEA x 4-1BB bispecific


BGB-B167 is an investigational first-in-class CEA x 4-1BB bispecific antibody. It is currently enrolling in a Phase 1
clinical trial (NCT05494762) as a monotherapy and in combination with tislelizumab in patients with selected CEA-
expressing advanced or metastatic solid tumors, including colorectal cancer (CRC).


BGB-10188 (PI3K inhibitor)


BGB-10188 is an investigational PI3K inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT04282018) as
monotherapy or in combination with BRUKINSA in hematology malignancies, or in combination with tislelizumab in
solid tumors.




36     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS


We have a proprietary biology research platform that has allowed us to research and develop both small molecules
and biologic molecules. In the last decade, this platform has generated more than 10 clinical stage assets, including
three internally-developed molecules that have been approved by regulatory bodies in the United States, China, EU
and other markets, with other filings pending globally and planned to be submitted. The platform is a full-process
technology system spanning from early discovery to commercialization of oncology medicines based on multiple
drug technology platforms that can be applied to oncology and other fields. We have core technology platforms for
the development of small molecule and antibody medicines and the manufacturing of our own and potentially other
medicines. Currently, we have over 60 pre-clinical programs and we believe the majority have best-in-class or first-
in-class potential.


We anticipate advancing multiple our preclinical drug candidates into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe
that we have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with our preclinical candidates to target multiple points in the
cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop companion diagnostics that will help identify patients who are
most likely to benefit from the use of our medicines and drug candidates.


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY


We manufacture our medicines and drug candidates internally and in some cases with the help of third-party CMOs.
The manufacturing of our medicines and drug candidates is subject to extensive regulations that impose various
procedural and documentation requirements governing recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls,
personnel, quality control, and quality assurance, among others. Our manufacturing facilities and the facilities of
the CMOs we use to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates operate under current good manufacturing
practice regulations (“cGMP”) conditions. cGMP regulations are requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals
that will be used in humans.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT            37
BUSINESS


Our Manufacturing Facilities


We have manufacturing facilities for small molecule drugs and large molecule biologics in Suzhou and Guangzhou,
China, respectively, to support the commercialization and potential future demand of our internally developed or in-
licensed products.


Our manufacturing facility in Suzhou is over 13,000 square meters and consists of a manufacturing base for
small molecule drug products with an annual production capacity of about 100 million tablets and capsules and
a biologics clinical development production facility with 2 x 500 liters capacity to produce biologics candidates
for clinical supply. The facility meets or exceeds design criteria of the United States, EU, and China regulatory
requirements. The facility has received a manufacturing license to produce commercial volumes of BRUKINSA
and pamiparib for the China market. As a result of our growing commercial and clinical demands, we have broken
ground on a new small molecule manufacturing facility nearby in Suzhou that will have the capability to produce up
to 600 million solid oral dosages annually. This approximately 50,000 square meter facility is expected to replace
our current Suzhou site and support our growing pipeline of small molecule medicines and drug candidates.


We continue to invest in our state-of-the-art commercial-scale manufacturing facility in Guangzhou of approximately
100,000 square meters for the manufacturing of large molecule biologics. Phases 1 and 2 of the facility were
completed in September 2019 and December 2020, respectively, with 24,000 liters of single use disposable
capacity. Additionally, total capacity has been increased to 54,000 liters, with an additional expansion of 10,000
liters expected in the second quarter of 2023, which will bring the final capacity to 64,000. Phase 1 is currently
approved for the end-to-end commercial production of tislelizumab for the China market. We have purchased
an adjacent tract of land to the south of the current site and initiated the next phase of expansion to support our
growing pipeline of large molecule medicines and drug candidates.


We have also commenced construction on our commercial-stage manufacturing and clinical R&D campus at the
42-acre site at the Princeton West Innovation Park in Hopewell, New Jersey. The property, located strategically in
the Interstate 95 corridor of New Jersey, with a deep and rich talent pool, has more than one million square feet of
developable real estate for potential future expansion to cover our existing medicines and pipeline.




38     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Contract Manufacturing Organizations


We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third-party CMOs and CROs for the
production of some drug products and drug substances and the supply of raw materials to meet the commercial,
clinical, and preclinical needs of our medicines and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that
the production qualifications, facilities, and processes of the third-party suppliers engaged by us comply with
relevant regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operational guidelines. We select our third-party
suppliers carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production
capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules,
and business terms.


We have commercial supply and related agreements with most of our manufacturing service providers. For
example, we entered into a commercial supply agreement with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”) to
produce BRUKINSA at Catalent’s Kansas City, Missouri site for clinical and commercial use in the United States
and other countries outside of China. We currently source the active pharmaceutical ingredient for BRUKINSA
from a supplier in China and are in the process of bringing online an additional source of supply outside of China.
In addition, we entered into a commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals
(China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) for tislelizumab, which is being manufactured at Boehringer Ingelheim’s
facility in Shanghai, China. Additionally, our collaboration agreements with Novartis include the right for Novartis to
manufacture tislelizumab and ociperlimab for its territory, to be managed by Novartis following tech transfer, and
our right to conduct a specified percentage of production at our planned U.S. manufacturing site, subject to the
terms of the agreements. For our commercial and clinical stage products in-licensed from Amgen, BMS and others,
we rely on the licensors and their manufacturing facilities or their CMOs for the supply of those medicines and drug
candidates.


Our agreements with the outsourced suppliers engaged by us generally set out terms, including product quality or
service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection
and acceptance criteria. We are generally allowed to return any products that fail to meet specified quality
standards. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Typically, outsourced suppliers request
settlement of payment within 30 days from the date of invoice. Either party may terminate the agreements by
serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            39
BUSINESS


We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from various suppliers who we believe have
sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities in Beijing and
Suzhou include active pharmaceutical ingredients custom-made by our third-party CROs and excipients, which are
commercially available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies.
The core raw materials used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility are genetically modified cell lines that we
have co-developed and licensed from Boehringer Ingelheim and other third parties.


We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term, dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. We pay for our purchases of raw materials on credit. Credit periods granted to us
by our suppliers generally range from 30 to 60 days. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for any defects in
our finished products.


AMGEN COLLABORATION


Collaboration Agreement


On October 31, 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered
into a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (as amended, the “Amgen
Collaboration Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for
commercializing Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong
Kong, Macao and Taiwan) for a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China,
as specified in the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA® commencing
following the transition of operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement,
we have the option to retain one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in
China. The parties have agreed to equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s
commercialization period. After expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not
retained will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit
royalties on net sales in China of each product for an additional five years.




40     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global clinical development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered mid-
single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China, other than LUMAKRAS™ (sotorasib)
(AMG 510), on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid
patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of
such product in the country of sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in
the world.


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, we will have the right to commercialize the product for
seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, we will have
the right to retain approximately one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than AMG
510, to commercialize for as long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year
commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to received tiered
mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to
specified exclusivity requirements in China and the rest of the world.


Recently, in connection with our ongoing assessment of the Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions,
we determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for
BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Collaboration Agreement to (i) stop
sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and
ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the anticipated termination
of AMG 510 from the Collaboration Agreement.


BeiGene, Ltd. has guaranteed certain obligations of BeiGene Switzerland under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement.


The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties.
The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant
to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon
the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or
subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial
objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event it
suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to
continue development of the pipeline product in China.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            41
BUSINESS


Share Purchase Agreement


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen (as amended, the “Share Purchase Agreement”),
we issued to Amgen 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of BeiGene, Ltd. on January
2, 2020, representing approximately 20.5% of our then outstanding shares, for an aggregate purchase price of
US$2.78 billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.


Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen has agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the
earliest of (a) the fourth anniversary of the closing, (b) the expiration or termination of the Collaboration Agreement
and (c) a change of control of BeiGene, Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the date on which it holds less than 5% of our then
outstanding shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters presented for shareholder
approval until the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing and (b) the expiration of the standstill period, all
under specified circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-
up period and (ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed not to sell shares representing more
than 5% of our then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period. Under the terms of the Share Purchase
Agreement, Amgen will also have specified registration rights upon expiration of the lock-up. Additionally, we have
agreed to use reasonable best efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to participate in subsequent new
securities offerings upon the same terms and conditions as other purchasers in the offering in an amount needed
to allow Amgen to hold up to 20.6% of our shares, subject to applicable law and HKEx rules and other specified
conditions.




42     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


On March 17, 2020, BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Share Purchase Agreement in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which
agreement was restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to
the Restated Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional
ADSs in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately
20.6% of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if
Amgen’s interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase
Option (i) is exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by us under
our equity incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) is subject to annual approval by our independent shareholders
each year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen and its
affiliates collectively own less than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s
sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes
to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) December 1, 2023. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting
period.


NOVARTIS COLLABORATION


Collaboration and License Agreement for Tislelizumab


On January 11, 2021, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, entered into a Collaboration
and License Agreement, which became effective on February 26, 2021 (the “Novartis Collaboration and
License Agreement”) with Novartis, pursuant to which Novartis will have the right to develop, manufacture and
commercialize tislelizumab in the United States, Canada, Mexico, member countries of the European Union, United
Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Russia, and Japan (the “Licensed Territory”).


Under the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$650 million
from Novartis. Additionally, we are eligible to receive up to US$1.3 billion upon the achievement of regulatory
milestones, US$250 million upon the achievement of sales milestones, and tiered royalties based on percentages
of annual net sales of tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory ranging from the high-teens to high-twenties, with
customary reductions in specified circumstances. Royalties are payable on a country-by-country basis from the
time of the first commercial sale until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of
regulatory exclusivity, or 10 years after the first commercial sale of tislelizumab in the country of sale.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT        43
BUSINESS


Under the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement, we and Novartis have agreed to jointly develop
tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period
and for commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies may conduct clinical trials to
explore potential combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments. We will be responsible for funding
the ongoing clinical trials of tislelizumab, and Novartis has agreed to fund any new registrational, bridging, or
post-marketing studies in the Licensed Territory. Subject to specified conditions, both parties have agreed to
jointly fund other new clinical trials in the Licensed Territory agreed by the parties, provided that each party will
be responsible for funding clinical trials evaluating tislelizumab in combination with its own- or third-party cancer
treatments. We will initially be responsible for supplying tislelizumab to Novartis, with Novartis having the right to
conduct manufacturing for its use in the Licensed Territory after successful transfer of the manufacturing process.
In addition, we have an option to co-detail the product in the United States, Canada and Mexico, on an indication-
by-indication basis, funded in part by Novartis. Each party retains the worldwide right to commercialize its propriety
products in combination with tislelizumab. We retain the rights to manufacture and supply a specified percentage of
commercial supply of tislelizumab from our planned U.S. manufacturing facility to be built in Hopewell, New Jersey,
subject to the terms of the agreement.


The Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants
by the parties. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement will expire on a country-by-country basis upon expiration
of the royalty term in such country and in its entirety upon the expiration of all applicable royalty terms in all
countries in the Licensed Territory. We may terminate the agreement in its entirety upon written notice (i) if Novartis
challenges the licensed BeiGene patents, or (ii) if Novartis files a biologics license application for its anti-PD-1
antibody, spartalizumab, in the Licensed Territory, and we do not elect to include spartalizumab as a licensed
product under the agreement or Novartis does not divest the product candidate, in which case Novartis would pay
us a specified termination fee. The agreement may be terminated by Novartis upon 120 days’ prior written notice
if delivered before first commercial sale or 180 days’ prior written notice if delivered following first commercial sale
of tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory, or by either party upon the other party’s bankruptcy or uncured material
breach.




44     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


Option, Collaboration and License Agreement for Ociperlimab


On December 19, 2021, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH entered into an Option, Collaboration and License Agreement
(the “Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement”) with Novartis, pursuant to which we have granted
Novartis an exclusive time-based option to receive an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
our investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory.


Under the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$300
million from Novartis and are eligible to receive an additional payment of US$600 million or US$700 million upon
exercise by Novartis of an exclusive time-based option prior to mid-2023 or late-2023, respectively, subject to
receipt of required antitrust approval. Additionally, following option exercise, we are eligible to receive up to US$745
million upon the achievement of regulatory approval milestones, US$1.15 billion upon the achievement of sales
milestones, and tiered royalties based on percentages of annual net sales of ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory
ranging from the high-teens to mid-twenties, with customary reductions in specified circumstances. Royalties are
payable on a country-by-country basis from the time of the first commercial sale until the latest of the expiration
of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or 10 years after the first commercial sale of
ociperlimab in the country of sale.


Under the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement, during the option period, Novartis has agreed to
initiate, conduct and fund additional global clinical trials of ociperlimab in combination with tislelizumab in selected
tumor types and we have agreed to expand enrollment in two ongoing trials. Additionally, following the option
exercise, the companies have agreed to jointly develop ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory, with Novartis sharing
development costs of global trials and responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
commercialization upon regulatory approvals in the Licensed Territory. In addition, both companies may conduct
clinical trials globally to explore potential combinations of ociperlimab with other cancer treatments. We will initially
be responsible for supplying ociperlimab to Novartis, with Novartis having the right to conduct manufacturing
for its use in the Licensed Territory after successful transfer of the manufacturing process. Following approval,
we have agreed to provide 50% of the co-detailing and co-field medical efforts in the United States and have an
option to co-detail up to 25% in Canada and Mexico, in each case funded in part by Novartis. Each party retains
the worldwide right to commercialize its proprietary products in combination with ociperlimab, as is the case with
tislelizumab under the parties’ existing collaboration agreement. We retain the rights to manufacture and supply a
specified percentage of commercial supply of ociperlimab from our planned U.S. manufacturing facility to be built in
Hopewell, New Jersey, subject to the terms of the agreement.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT             45
BUSINESS


The Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and
covenants by BeiGene and Novartis. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement will expire on a country-by-country
basis upon the expiration of the royalty term in such country. The Novartis Option, Collaboration and License
Agreement will expire in its entirety upon the expiration of all applicable royalty terms under the agreement in all
countries in the Licensed Territory. The agreement may be terminated by Novartis upon 120 days’ prior written
notice if delivered before first commercial sale or 180 days’ prior written notice if delivered following first commercial
sale of ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory, or by either party upon the other party’s bankruptcy or uncured
material breach. BeiGene may terminate the agreement in its entirety upon written notice if Novartis challenges
the licensed BeiGene patents. Either party may terminate the agreement in its entirety effective immediately upon
written notice to the other party (i) if the option terminates or expires, or (ii) in the event that the license effective
date has not occurred within six months after the date of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act filing,
subject to extension.


CELGENE LICENSE AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT


On July 5, 2017, we and Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of BMS, entered into a License and
Supply Agreement, which we refer to as the China License Agreement and which became effective on August 31,
2017, pursuant to which we were granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote BMS’s approved cancer
therapies, REVLIMID®, VIDAZA® and ABRAXANE® in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. In addition,
if Celgene decides to commercialize a new oncology product through a third party in the licensed territory during
the first five years of the term, we have a right of first negotiation to obtain the right to commercialize the product,
subject to certain conditions. We subsequently assigned the agreement to our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland.


On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE ® in China supplied to
us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China.
This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States.
Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our
license to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do
not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting
that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.




46     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


The term of the China License Agreement is 10 years and may be terminated by either party upon written notice in
the event of uncured material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, or if the underlying regulatory approvals for
the covered products are revoked. BMS also has the right to terminate the agreement with respect to REVLIMID® at
any time upon written notice to us under certain circumstances.


The China License Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and confidentiality and mutual
indemnification provisions.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our medicines, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an
important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below.
We have filed patent applications and obtained patents in the United States and other countries and regions, such
as China and Europe, relating to our medicines and certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional
patent protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We rely on trade secrets to protect
aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection,
including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-
licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our development programs.


As of January 30, 2023, we owned 48 issued U.S. patents, 32 issued China patents, a number of pending U.S.
and China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications internationally. In addition, we
owned pending international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), which we plan to file
nationally in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as additional priority PCT applications. With respect
to any issued patents in the United States and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to
extend the patent expiration date, provided that we meet the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent
term extensions. For example, in the United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five years
for one of the patents covering a drug product once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact duration of the
extension depends on the time that we spend in clinical studies as well as getting approval from the FDA. In China,
the Amended PRC Patent Lawprovides a patent term extension of up to five years, similar to the United States.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            47
BUSINESS


The key patents for our medicines and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of January 30, 2023, are summarized
below:


Molecule                          Territory      General Subject Matter                                   Expiration1


BRUKINSA® (Zanubrutinib)          U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2034
                                  U.S.           Use for the treatment of autoimmune diseases                   2034
                                  U.S.           Use for the treatment of B-cell proliferative disorder         2034
                                  U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2037
                                  China          Compound and composition                                       2034


Tislelizumab                      U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  U.S.           Use for the treatment of cancer                                2033
                                  U.S.           Antibodies and use for the treatment of cancer                 2033
                                  U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                  China          Antibodies                                                     2033


Pamiparib                         U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2031
                                  U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2031
                                  U.S.           Use for the treatment of cancer                                2031
                                  U.S.           Compositions                                                   2031
                                  U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2036
                                  U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2038
                                  China          Compound and composition                                       2031
                                  China          Use for the treatment of cancer                                2031
                                  China          Crystalline forms                                              2036


Ociperlimab                       U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2038

(1)   The expected expiration does not include any additional term for patent term extensions




48       BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


We currently have two in-licensed medicines in China from BMS. The key patents for them in China as of January
30, 2023 are summarized below:


Product                         Territory     General Subject Matter                                       Expiration


REVLIMID® (lenalidomide)        China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023
                                China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023
                                China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023
                                China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023


VIDAZA® (azacitidine)           China         No patent                                                           N/A


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize three medicines in China. The key patents
for them in China as of January 30, 2023 are summarized below:


Product                         Territory     General Subject Matter                                       Expiration


XGEVA® (denosumab)              China         Antibodies                                                        2022
BLINCYTO (blinatumomab)
           ®
                                China         Use for the treatment of pediatric acute lymphoblastic            2029
                                              leukemia
KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib)         China         Compound and Composition                                          2025


Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is limited.
REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® face competition from generic medications, and we may face similar competition for our
medicines and any approved drug candidates even if we successfully obtain patent protection. The scope, validity
or enforceability of our or our collaborators’ patents may be challenged in court or other authorities, and we or they
may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able
to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse effect on any potential
sales of that product. Additionally, in China, the NMPA may approve a generic version of a brand-name medicine
that still has patent protection, such as has occurred with REVLIMID®. Under our license agreements with BMS and
Amgen, they retain the responsibility for, but are not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for
these in-licensed products. As such, any issued patents may not protect us from generic or biosimilar competition
for these medicines.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            49
BUSINESS


The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, including the United States and China, the term of an issued patent is generally 20 years from the
earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a
patent’s term may be lengthened in some cases by a patent term adjustment, which extends the term of a patent to
account for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), in excess of a patent
applicant’s own delays during the prosecution process, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed
over a commonly owned patent having an earlier expiration date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can
be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost in obtaining FDA regulatory approval. However, the
restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must
not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. In China, the Amended PRC Patent Law provides both patent term
adjustment and patent term extension, similar to the United States.


In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.


We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect aspects of our
technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors and invention assignment agreements
with our employees. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by
maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology
systems.


Additionally, we currently own a number of registered trademarks and pending trademark applications. We currently
have registered trademarks for BeiGene, our corporate logo and product names and logos in the United States,
China, the EU and other jurisdictions, and we are seeking further trademark protection for BeiGene, our corporate
logo, product names and logos, and other marks in jurisdictions where available and appropriate.




50        BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


COMPETITION


We operate in a highly competitive environment and our marketed products face intense competition in regulated
markets around the world. Our main competitors include other global research-based biopharmaceutical companies
as well as smaller regional and local companies. These companies participate in one or more activities including the
development, production, and promotion of products that are intended to treat diseases or indications that are like
products we currently market or are in the process of developing to market. For example:


BRUKINSA – Conventional methods of treating lymphomas vary according to the specific disease or histology,
but generally include chemotherapy, antibodies directed at CD20, a molecular marker found on the surface of
B-cells, and, less frequently, radiation. Recently, significant progress has been made in the development of new
therapies for lymphomas, including BTK inhibitors. The BTK inhibitor IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), marketed by AbbVie
and Janssen, was first approved by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received
at least one prior therapy. Since that time, ibrutinib has been approved in over 90 countries and regions and has
expanded its indications. Another BTK inhibitor, AstraZeneca’s CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib), was approved by
the FDA in 2017 under accelerated approval for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received at least
one prior therapy, and in November 2019 for use in adults with CLL/SLL as a single agent or in combination
with obinutuzumab. On January 27, 2023, the FDA approved Lilly’s JAYPIRCA™ (pirtobrutinib, a reversible BTK
inhibitor) for the treatment of adult patients with R/R MCL after at least two lines of systemic therapy, including a
BTK inhibitor. In China, BRUKINSA competes with IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), which received approval in 2017, and
YINUOKAI® (orelabrutinib) from Innocare, which was approved in 2020.


Tislelizumab – A number of PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody medicines have been approved by the FDA. These include
Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), BMS’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ® (atezolizumab),
AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Pfizer and Merck Sereno’s BAVENCIO® (avelumab), Regeneron and Sanofi’s
LIBTAYO® (cemiplimab), and GSK’s JEMPERLI® (dostarlimab). In the global setting, several PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody
agents are in late-stage clinical development in addition to tislelizumab. In China, as of February 1, 2023, there
are nine other approved PD-1 antibodies: OPDIVO® (nivolumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Junshi’s
TUOYI® (toripalimab), Innovent’s TYVYT® (sintilimab), Hengrui’s AIRUIKA® (camrelizumab), Akeso’s ANNIKE®
(penpulimab), Gloria’s YUTUO® (zimberelimab), Henlius’s HANSIZHUANG® (serplulimab) and Lepu’s PUYOUHENG®
(pucotenlimab). There are four approved PD-L1 antibody agents: AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Roche’s
TECENTRIQ® (atezolizomab), CStone’s ZEJIEMEI® (sugemalimab), and Alphamab’s ENWEIDA® (envafolimab).
Akeso’s PD-1xCTLA-4 bispecific antibody, KAITANNI ® (cadonilimab) was approved in China. There are
approximately 40 more PD-1 and PD-L1 agents in clinical development in China.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT            51
BUSINESS


Pamiparib – We are competing with multiple PARP inhibitors in China. AstraZeneca received approval for olaparib
in August 2018. Zai Labs obtained development and commercial rights for niraparib in China, and its NDA was
approved by the NMPA in December 2019. Fluzoparib from Hengrui/Hansoh was approved in December 2020.


Ociperlimab – We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies developing TIGIT antibodies, including Agenus,
Arcus, BMS, Compugen, Roche/Genentech, Innovent, iTeos Therapeutics, Merck KGaA, Mereo BioPharma,
Seagen, Junshi, Bio-Thera and Akeso. To our knowledge, there are currently no approved anti-TIGIT antibodies and
the most advanced agent is in Phase 3 development.


Many of the larger companies we compete with are well-capitalized and dedicate a significant number of financial
resources to support their research and development, while using business development to supplement their
internal pipelines. As a result, we must continuously invest and gain experience in the development, acquisition,
and marketing of innovative and branded medicines and drug candidates to compete effectively in both current and
future markets. This requires us to devote substantial funds and resources to R&D to prevent or slow the erosion of
the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development.


The main forms of competition include efficacy, safety, and cost. The long-term success of our products depends
on our ability to effectively demonstrate the value that each one of them offers to physicians, patients, and third-
party payers. This requires a much greater use of a direct sales force to realize significant revenues. We also have
and will continue to enter into co-promotion, contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties,
for example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum
market penetration.




52     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


The following section includes the most significant factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and
operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained
in this annual report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the “Management Discussion and
Analysis” section of this annual report before deciding to invest in our ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares. The
occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and
RMB Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy
and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these
treatments to the exclusion of our medicines. If our medicines do not achieve and maintain an adequate level
of market acceptance, the sales of our medicines may be limited and we may not generate significant product
revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our medicines will depend on a
number of factors, including: the clinical indications for which our medicines are approved; physicians, hospitals,
cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our medicines safe and effective; government agencies,
professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians’ groups, private health
and science foundations, and organizations recommending our medicines and reimbursement; the perceived
advantages and relative cost of alternative treatments; the prevalence and severity of any side effects; product
labeling, including limitations or warnings, or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities; the timing of
market introduction of our medicines as well as competitive medicines; the availability of adequate coverage,
reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; and the effectiveness of our sales and
marketing efforts.


Even if our medicines achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over
time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our medicines, are more
cost effective or render our medicines obsolete.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           53
RISK FACTORS


We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to
market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


We became a commercial-stage company in 2017, when we entered into a license and supply agreement
with Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a Bristol Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), to commercialize three of BMS’s
approved cancer therapies, in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). In October 2019, we entered
into a collaboration with Amgen for its commercial-stage oncology products and a portfolio of clinical – and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. We received the first approvals for our internally developed drug
candidates in late 2019 in the United States, in 2020 in China, and in 2021 in Europe. Given this, we have limited
experience in commercializing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines, including building and managing
a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement,
and managing distributors and a sales force for our medicines. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize
our medicines may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with
substantial experience in launching medicines.


If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing, and commercial distribution
capabilities for any or all of our medicines in any country or region, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements
regarding the sales and marketing of our medicines. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales
forces. We would have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue
from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our medicines ourselves.


There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully maintain internal sales
and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to
successfully commercialize any medicine, and as a result, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales
revenue.


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


The development and commercialization of new medicines is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell medicines or are
pursuing the development of medicines for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our medicines
or developing our drug candidates. For example, BRUKINSA, tislelizumab, and pamiparib face substantial
competition, and some of our products face or are expected to face competition from generic therapies. Potential
competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing, and commercialization.




54     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
medicines that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less
expensive than our medicines. Our competitors also may obtain approval from regulatory authorities for their
medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a
strong market position before we are able to enter the market and/or slow our regulatory approval.


Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved medicines than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and
marketing personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed
prior treatments and may be small.


In markets with approved therapies, we have and expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later
stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those medicines that prove
to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second-line therapy and potentially as
a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our medicines and drug candidates, even if approved, would be
approved for second-line or first-line therapy.


Our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these diseases in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our medicines and drug candidates, may prove to be inaccurate or based on imprecise data. Further,
new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. The number of patients may turn
out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our medicines and
drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our medicines and drug candidates.
Even if we obtain significant market share for our medicines and drug candidates, because the potential target
populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional
indications, including use as a first- or second-line therapy.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT             55
RISK FACTORS


If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to
achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement, our commercial success and business
operations could be adversely affected.


Our ability or the ability of any third parties with which we collaborate to commercialize our medicines successfully
will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these medicines is available on adequate terms, or
at all, from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. In the
United States and markets in other countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part
of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Sales
of our medicines will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs
of our medicines will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare
management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage
insurers and other third-party payors. Without third-party payor reimbursement, patients may not be able to obtain
or afford prescribed medications. Third-party payors also are seeking to encourage the use of generic or biosimilar
products or entering into sole source contracts with healthcare providers, which could effectively limit the coverage
and level of reimbursement for our medicines and have an adverse impact on the market access or acceptance of
our medicines. In addition, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided to prescribing physicians by third
party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians’ willingness and ability to prescribe our
products.


A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-
party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular
medications.


In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors.
As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party
payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific,
clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our medicines on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance
that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. The principal decisions about reimbursement for new
medicines are typically made by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (the “CMS”). They decide whether
and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to
follow CMS to a substantial degree. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether
the product is: a covered benefit under its health plan; safe, effective and medically necessary; appropriate for the
specific patient; cost-effective; and neither experimental nor investigational.




56     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA or comparable
regulatory authorities in other countries. Even if we obtain coverage for a given medicine, the resulting
reimbursement rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments
that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate
reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our medicines. Patients are
unlikely to use our medicines unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant
portion of the cost of the medicine. Because some of our medicines and drug candidates have a higher cost of
goods than conventional therapies and may require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that coverage and
reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.


Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from
countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Furthermore, payment methodologies
may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives.


We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and,
if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must
calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price.
Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely.


In China, drug prices are typically lower than in the United States and Europe, and until recently, the market has
been dominated by generic drugs. Government authorities regularly review the inclusion or removal of medicines
from China’s National Drug Catalog for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity
Insurance, or the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), or provincial or local medical insurance
catalogues for the National Medical Insurance Program, and the tier under which a medicine will be classified,
both of which affect the amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those medicines.
There can be no assurance that our medicines and any approved drug candidates will be included in the NRDL or
provincial reimbursements lists, or if they are, that they will be included at a price that allows us to be commercially
successful. Products included in the NRDL have typically been generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs
similar to our medicines and drug candidates have historically been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL
due to the affordability of the government’s Basic Medical Insurance, although this has been changing in recent
years. For example, BRUKINSA, tislelizumab, pamiparib and XGEVA have been included in the NRDL. While the
demand for these medicines has generally increased after inclusion in the NRDL, there can be no assurance that
demand will continue to increase and such increases will be sufficient to offset the reduction in the prices and our
margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We prepare for the NRDL negotiations in China for our eligible medicines/indications annually. If any of these
medicines/indications are not included in the NRDL or included at a significantly lower price, the revenues for such
medicines could be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT           57
RISK FACTORS


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any medicine that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any medicine which we commercialize.
Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our medicines may be particularly difficult because of the higher
prices often associated with medicines administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not
available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any medicine and
drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved medicines, and coverage may be more
limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for
reimbursement does not imply that any medicine will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs,
including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new medicines, if
applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary
according to the use of the medicine and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost medicines that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other
services. Net prices for medicines may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict imports of
medicines from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Our inability to promptly
obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our medicines
and any new medicines that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results,
and our overall financial condition.


We intend to seek approval to market our medicines and drug candidates in the United States, China, Europe and
in other jurisdictions. In some countries, such as those in Europe, the pricing of drugs and biologics is subject
to governmental control, which can take considerable time even after obtaining regulatory approval. Market
acceptance and sales of our medicines will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and
reimbursement from third-party payors for our medicines and may be affected by existing and future health care
reform measures.


We have operations in the United States, China, Europe, and other markets and plan to expand in these and
new markets on our own or with collaborators, which exposes us to risks of conducting business in international
markets.


We are currently developing and commercializing or plan to commercialize our medicines in international markets,
including China, Europe and other markets outside of the United States, either on our own or with third party
collaborators or distributors. Our international business relationships subject us to additional risks that may
materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:


•     efforts to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties in connection with our
      international sales, marketing and distribution efforts may increase our expenses or divert our management’s
      attention from the acquisition or development of drug candidates;




58     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


•    difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;


•    potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;


•    unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of normal trade
     status between China and the United States or actions taken by U.S. or China governmental authorities on
     companies with significant operations in the U.S. and China, such as us;


•    economic weakness, including inflation;


•    compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling abroad;


•    the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;


•    currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;


•    workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;


•    failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
     regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws; and


•    business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, disease
     or public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes,
     typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires.


These and other risks, including the risks described in “Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC”, may
materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue in international markets.


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our medicines or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.


Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our medicines, which do not meet our
or our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit
medicine may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer
harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit medicines sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition,
thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold
through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022       ANNUAL REPORT      59
RISK FACTORS


We depend substantially on the success of the clinical development of our medicines and drug candidates. If
we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize
our medicines and drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially
harmed.


Our business depends on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our medicines
and other drug candidates we may develop. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial
resources in the development of our medicines and drug candidates. The success of our medicines and drug
candidates depends on several factors, including:


•    successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials, as well as completion of preclinical studies;


•    favorable safety and efficacy data from our clinical trials and other studies;


•    receipt of regulatory approvals;


•    the performance by CROs or other third parties we may retain of their duties to us in a manner that complies
     with our protocols and applicable laws and that protects the integrity of the resulting data;


•    obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory
     exclusivity;


•    ensuring that we do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the valid patent, trade secret or other
     intellectual property rights of third parties;


•    successfully launching our medicines and drug candidates, if and when approved;


•    obtaining favorable reimbursement from third-party payors for our medicines and drug candidates, if and
     when approved;




60     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


•     competition with other products;


•     continued acceptable safety profile following regulatory approval; and


•     manufacturing or obtaining sufficient supplies of our medicines, drug candidates and any competing
      drug products that may be necessary for use in clinical trials for evaluation of our drug candidates and
      commercialization of our medicines.


If we do not achieve and maintain one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience
significant delays in our ability or be unable to obtain additional regulatory approvals for and/or to successfully
commercialize our medicines and drug candidates, which would materially harm our business and we may not be
able to generate sufficient revenues and cash flows to continue our operations.


Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier
studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain.
Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical
trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim
results of a trial may not be predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to
show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical
trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials
of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols,
differences in the size and type of the patient populations, including genetic differences, patient adherence to the
dosing regimen and other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the
case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites
and additional countries involved in such trials. A number of companies in our industry have suffered significant
setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising
results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be favorable.


Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable efficacy and durability of anti-tumor responses, not all patients
may benefit. For certain drugs, including checkpoint inhibitors, and in certain indications, it is likely that the majority
of patients may not respond to the agents at all, some responders may relapse after a period of response, and
certain tumor types may appear particularly resistant.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT             61
RISK FACTORS


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous unexpected
events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or
commercialize our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards (“IRBs”), or
ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at
a prospective trial site; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with CROs and trial sites, the terms of
which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly; manufacturing issues, including problems
with manufacturing, supply quality, compliance with GMP, or obtaining sufficient quantities of a drug candidate
for use in a clinical trial or for commercialization; clinical trials of our drug candidates may produce negative or
inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or
abandon drug development programs; the number of patients required for clinical trials of our drug candidates may
be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or patients may drop out at
a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors, including clinical investigators, may fail to comply with
regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; we might have to
suspend or terminate clinical trials of our drug candidates for various reasons, including a finding of a lack of clinical
response or other unexpected characteristics or a finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable
health risks; regulators, IRBs or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate
clinical research or not rely on the results of clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with
regulatory requirements; the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and
the supply or quality of our medicines and drug candidates, companion diagnostics or other materials necessary
to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates or commercialization of our medicines may be insufficient or
inadequate.


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates, or not obtain regulatory
approval at all; obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; have the drug removed from the
market after obtaining regulatory approval; be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; be subject
to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or be unable to obtain reimbursement or
obtain reimbursement at a commercially viable level for use of the drug.


Significant clinical trial delays may also increase our development costs and could shorten any periods during which
we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to market
before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business and
results of operations.




62     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We have and may
continue to experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the
size and nature of the patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, competition from
competing companies, and natural disasters or public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic.


Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to
us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being
conducted by one of our competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is
limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors
use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Even
if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result
in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent
completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.


Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with such
regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


All jurisdictions in which we conduct or intend to conduct our pharmaceutical-industry activities regulate these
activities in great depth and detail. We are currently focusing our activities in the major markets of the United
States, China, Europe, and other select countries and regions. These geopolitical areas all strictly regulate the
pharmaceutical industry, and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of
product development and approval, manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However,
there are differences in the regulatory regimes-some minor, some significant-that make for a more complex
and costly regulatory compliance burden for a company like ours that plans to operate in each of these regions.
Additionally, the NMPA’s reform of the medicine and approval system may face implementation challenges. The
timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing our medicines and
drug candidates in a timely manner.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT             63
RISK FACTORS


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with appropriate laws and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements
at any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject us to
administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending
applications, withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations
could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the
importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled
by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s
contract manufacturing facility in the United States. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE since the suspension
and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE. Additionally, although we have obtained regulatory approvals
of our medicines, regulatory authorities could suspend or withdraw these approvals. In any event, the receipt of
regulatory approval does not assure the success of our commercialization efforts for our medicines.


We may be subject to anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse
laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions, which
could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished
sales.


Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any
products for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud and
abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”),
and physician payment sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we are subject to patient privacy regulation by both the
federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.


Additionally, we are subject to state equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others,
some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare services reimbursed by any third-party
payor, not just governmental payors, but also private insurers. These laws are enforced by various state agencies
and through private actions. Some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply
with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct that restrict the payments made to healthcare providers and
other potential referral sources. Several states and local laws also impose other marketing restrictions or require
pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state, require drug manufacturers to
report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers,
and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. In addition, the approval, commercialization,
and other activities for our medicines and drug candidates outside the United States subjects us to non-U.S.
equivalents of the healthcare laws such as those mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws. As with the state
equivalents mentioned above, some of these non-U.S. laws may be broader in scope. There are ambiguities as
to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we fail to comply with an applicable state law
requirement, we could be subject to penalties.




64       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


It is possible that we may make grants to independent charitable foundations that help financially needy patients
with their premium, co-pay, and co-insurance obligations. If we choose to do so, and if we or our vendors or
donation recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws or regulations in the operation of these
programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties, or other criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions or
enforcement actions. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls and procedures will be sufficient to protect
against acts of our employees, business partners, or vendors that may violate the laws or regulations of the
jurisdictions in which we operate. Regardless of whether we have complied with the law, a government investigation
could impact our business practices, harm our reputation, divert the attention of management, increase our
expenses, and reduce the availability of foundation support for our patients who need assistance.


Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal FCA as well as under the false claims laws of several
states. Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of
fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these
laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that
our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will
involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices
may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or
other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible
exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages,
individual imprisonment, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring
of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate
integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Furthermore, if
any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we do business are found to be not in compliance
with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from
government funded healthcare programs, which may adversely affect our business.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT            65
RISK FACTORS


If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or
other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties,
sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and growth prospects.


We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B program, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs,
Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”) pricing program, and the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, which require us
to disclose average manufacturer pricing, and, in the future may require us to report the average sales price for
certain of our drugs to the Medicare program. Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs,
are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts.
Furthermore, regulatory and legislative changes, and judicial rulings relating to these programs and policies (including
coverage expansion), have increased and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance,
have been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, particularly if CMS or another agency challenges the approach we take in our implementation.
For example, in the case of our Medicaid pricing data, if we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter
was incorrect or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are generally obligated to resubmit
the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due. Such restatements increase our costs
and could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations also may
affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products under the 340B program and give rise to an
obligation to refund entities participating in the 340B program for overcharges during past quarters impacted by a
price recalculation.


Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product
information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average
sales price, if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or if we are found to have charged 340B
covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. Additionally, our agreement to participate in the
340B program or our Medicaid drug rebate agreement could be terminated, in which case federal payments may
not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part D for our covered outpatient drugs. Additionally, if we overcharge
the government in connection with our arrangements with FSS or Tricare Retail Pharmacy, we are required
to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract
overcharges can result in allegations against us under the FCA and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds
to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and
time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and growth prospects.




66     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Further, legislation may be introduced that, if passed, would, among other things, further expand the 340B program
to additional covered entities or would require participating manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted
pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting, and any additional future changes to the definition of average
manufacturer price or the Medicaid rebate amount could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively
impact our results of operations. Additionally, certain pharmaceutical manufacturers are involved in ongoing
litigation regarding contract pharmacy arrangements under the 340B program. The outcome of those judicial
proceedings and the potential impact on the way in which manufacturers extend discounts to covered entities
through contract pharmacies remain uncertain.


The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience delays
or are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially
harmed.


Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United
States, to the satisfaction of FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is
safe, pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the new drug application (“NDA”) or biologics license
application (“BLA”) must include comprehensive information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls
(“CMC”) for the drug candidate. Obtaining approval of an NDA or BLA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain
process, and approval may not be obtained. If we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA, the FDA decides whether to
accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain that a submission will be accepted for filing and
review by the FDA.


Regulatory authorities outside of the United States, such as the NMPA and EMA, also have requirements for
approval of medicines for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those areas. Regulatory
requirements, approval processes and review periods can vary from country to country and could delay or prevent
the introduction of our drug candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory
authorities in other countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory
approval will be obtained in any other country. Seeking regulatory approvals outside of the United States could
require additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. For all of these
reasons, we may not obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            67
RISK FACTORS


The processes required to obtain approval by the FDA, the NMPA, the EMA, and other comparable regulatory
authorities is complex, costly, unpredictable and typically takes many years following the commencement of
preclinical studies and clinical trials and depends on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of
the regulatory authorities. Regulatory approval is never guaranteed. Furthermore, we have limited experience in
obtaining regulatory approvals for our drug candidates, including preparing the required materials for regulatory
submission and navigating the regulatory approval process. As a result, our ability to successfully obtain regulatory
approval for our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we
were a company with substantial experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.


Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:


•    failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;


•    failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
     and potent for its proposed indication;


•    failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;


•    reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;


•    disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;


•    changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
     or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;


•    regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
     regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
     candidates or other products;


•    failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
     requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;


•    a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory inspections of our development activities,
     regulatory filings or manufacturing operations, whether as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other
     reasons, or our failure to satisfactorily complete such inspections;


•    our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
     and


•    clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
     conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.




68     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


For example, in June 2022, the FDA extended the Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date for the sNDA for
BRUKINSA as a treatment for adult patients with CLL or SLL by three months to January 2023, to allow time to
review additional clinical data submitted by us, which was deemed a major amendment to the sNDA. In July 2022,
the FDA deferred action on the BLA for tislelizumab as a second-line treatment for patients with unresectable or
metastatic ESCC. In the FDA’s general advice letter communicating the deferral of action, the FDA cited only the
inability to complete inspections due to COVID-19 related restrictions on travel as the reason for the deferral and
did not provide a new anticipated action date as they continue to monitor the public health situation and travel
restrictions.


Delays in the completion of a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates will increase our costs, slow down our drug
development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues
for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.
In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials
may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates.


Our development activities, regulatory filings and manufacturing operations also could be harmed or delayed
by a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the FDA, or governments and regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions. Since March 2020 when foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold,
the FDA has been working to resume pre-pandemic levels of inspection activities, including routine surveillance,
bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary
for approval and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the
FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the agency has stated that it generally
intends to issue, depending on the circumstances, a complete response letter or defer action on the application
until an inspection can be completed. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of companies announced receipt
of complete response letters due to the FDA’s inability to complete required inspections for their applications.
Regulatory authorities outside the U.S. may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. If the FDA or other health
authorities are delayed or unable to complete required regulatory inspections of our development activities,
regulatory filings or manufacturing operations, or we do not satisfactorily complete such inspections, our business
could be materially harmed.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            69
RISK FACTORS


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
including in China. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted
at all. The FDA will generally not consider the data from a foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND unless (i)
the trial was well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, including requirements for
the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials in a way
that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, safety, and
well-being of trial subjects are protected, and (ii) the FDA is able to validate the data from the trial through an onsite
inspection, if necessary. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the sole basis for
marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone
unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed
by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need
for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such as inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able
to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial
requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering must be met. Many foreign
regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the
applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that
the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S.
or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data,
it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in
drug candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction.


Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
medicines and drug candidates.


Our medicines and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping,
conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-marketing information,
including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable regulatory
authorities in China, Europe and other regions. As such, we and our collaborators will be subject to ongoing review
and periodic inspections to assess compliance with applicable post-approval regulations. Additionally, to the extent
we want to make certain changes to the approved medicines, product labeling, or manufacturing processes, we will
need to submit new applications or supplements to regulatory authorities for approval.




70     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the United States, ensuring that quality control and
manufacturing procedures conform to GMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will
be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments
made in any NDA, BLA or other marketing application, and previous responses to any inspection observations.
Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of
regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. The failure to comply with these
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA
suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was
subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. We have not had any sales of
ABRAXANE since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE.


The regulatory approvals for our medicines and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and
may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the medicine may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, which could adversely affect the medicine’s commercial potential or contain requirements
for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the medicine or
drug candidate. The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may also require a REMS program
or comparable program as a condition of approval of our drug candidates or following approval, as is the case
with REVLIMID®. In addition, if the FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority approves our drug
candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including, for example, submissions of safety and other post-
marketing information and reports, establishment registration, as well as continued compliance with GMP and good
clinical practice (“GCP”) for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT      71
RISK FACTORS


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or withdraw
marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the drug
reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our medicines or drug candidates or
with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions
to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to
assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other
potential consequences include, among other things:


•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our medicines, withdrawal of the product from the market,
     or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;


•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;


•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;


•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our medicines and drug candidates;
     and


•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications
and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA,
NMPA, EMA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted
that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in
the United States or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly evolving. If we are
slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if
we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.




72     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In addition, if we obtain accelerated approval or conditional approval of any of our drug candidates, as we
have done with the accelerated approval of BRUKINSA in the United States and China and certain approvals of
tislelizumab, pamiparib, XGEVA, BLINCYTO, KYPROLIS and QARZIBA in China, we will be required to conduct
a confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also be required to conduct post-marketing
safety studies. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 (“FDORA”) recently granted the FDA the authority
to require, as appropriate, that a post-approval confirmatory study or studies be underway prior to granting
accelerated approval or within a specified time period after the date accelerated approval is granted. FDORA also
gave the FDA increased authority to withdraw approval of a drug granted accelerated approval on an expedited
basis if the sponsor fails to conduct such studies in a timely manner or such studies fail to verify clinical benefit.
While operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions that we would not be subject
to upon receiving regular approval. For example, the FDA generally requires that all advertising and promotional
materials be submitted to the FDA for review prior to dissemination or publication for products receiving accelerated
approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product.


Even if we are able to commercialize our medicines and any approved drug candidates, the medicines may
become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform
initiatives, which could harm our business.


The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new therapeutic products vary
widely from country to country. Historically, products launched in Europe do not follow price structures of the
U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Countries in Europe provide options to restrict the range
of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the
prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries
may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate
to currently available therapies. Countries may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead
adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on
the market.


Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries,
the pricing review period begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In some non-U.S. markets,
prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval
is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a drug in a particular country, but then be subject to
price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the drug and negatively impact our revenues and results of
operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            73
RISK FACTORS


Our ability to commercialize our medicines successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which
reimbursement for these medicines and related treatments will be available on adequate terms, or at all, from
government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. For additional
information, please see the section of this annual report titled “Risk Factors — Risk Factors Risks Related to Clinical
Development and Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates — If we or any third parties with which
we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to achieve and maintain coverage and adequate
level of reimbursement, our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.”


Furthermore, there continues to be scrutiny from federal and state governments over the way drug manufacturers
set prices for their marketed products. For example, there are ongoing Congressional investigations, legislation, and
regulations to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, set patient spending caps for Medicare
beneficiaries, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and
manufacturer’s patient programs, reform federal and state government program reimbursement methodologies
for drug products, allow importation of lower-priced drugs from Canada, and set prices based on international
reference pricing in other countries. While some of these measures can be done through agency rulemaking, most
will require statutory changes by Congress. While addressing drug pricing and patient affordability remains a top
priority for Congress, it remains to be seen if any agreement can be reached on a legislative solution. It is therefore
unclear if any regulations or legislation will be enacted to implement changes to drug pricing or federal and state
government reimbursement programs or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug
candidates, if any, may be.


In China, the government launched a national program for volume-based, centralized drug procurement with
minimum quantity commitments in an attempt to negotiate lower prices from drug manufacturers and reduce
the price of drugs. Under the program, one of the key determining factors for a successful bid is the price.
The government will award a contract to the lowest bidders who are able to satisfy the quality and quantity
requirements. The successful bidders will be guaranteed a sale volume for at least a year. A volume guarantee
gives the winner an opportunity to gain or increase market share. The volume guarantee is intended to make
manufacturers more willing to cut their prices to win a bid. It may also enable manufacturers to lower their
distribution and commercial costs. Many types of drugs are covered under the program, including drugs made by
international pharmaceutical companies and generics made by domestic Chinese manufacturers. For example, in
January 2020, ABRAXANE and its generic forms were included in the program. We won the bid and became one
of the three companies who were awarded a government contract, with a price for sales of ABRAXANE under the
government contract that would have been significantly lower than the price that we had been charging. On March
25, 2020, the NHSA removed ABRAXANE from the volume-based procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision to
suspend the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE, which has adversely impacted our business and results of
operations. In August 2020, VIDAZA® and its generic forms were included for bidding in the program. We did not
win the bid for VIDAZA, which has resulted in the drug being restricted from use in public hospitals, which account
for a large portion of the market, and a decline in sales revenue. Moreover, the program may change how generic
drugs are priced and procured in China and is likely to accelerate the replacement of originator drugs with generics.
We cannot be sure whether there will be any changes to the program in the future. The implementation of the
program may negatively impact our existing commercial operations in China as well as our strategies on how to
commercialize our drugs in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.




74     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Although China adopted changes to its patent law to include patent term extension and an early resolution
mechanism for pharmaceutical patent disputes, key provisions of the law remain unclear and/or subject to
implementing regulations. The absence of effective regulatory exclusivity for pharmaceutical products in China
could further increase the risk of early generic or biosimilar competition with our medicines in China.


In the United States, a law commonly referred to as “Hatch-Waxman Act” provides the opportunity for patent-
term restoration of up to five years to reflect patent term lost during certain portions of product development and
the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides for patent linkage, pursuant to which
FDA will stay approval of certain follow-on new drug applications during the pendency of litigation between the
follow-on applicant and the patent holder or licensee, for a period of up to 30 months. Finally, the Hatch-Waxman
Act provides for regulatory exclusivity that can prevent submission or approval of certain follow-on marketing
applications. For example, U.S. law provides a five-year period of exclusivity to the first applicant to obtain approval
of a new chemical entity and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations to previously approved active
ingredients where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical trials to obtain approval for the modification.
Similarly, the Orphan Drug Act provides seven years of market exclusivity for certain drugs to treat rare diseases.
These provisions, which are designed to promote innovation, can prevent competing products from entering the
market for a certain period of time after marketing approval for the innovative product.


In China, however, laws on data exclusivity (referred to as regulatory data protection) are still developing. The PRC
Patent Law (as amended in 2020, the “Amended PRC Patent Law”) contains both patent term extension and a
mechanism for early resolution of patent disputes. Accordingly, NMPA and NIPA jointly issued the Implementation
Measures for the Early Settlement Mechanism of Drug Patent Disputes (for Trial Implementation). However,
the provisions for patent term extension are unclear and/or remain subject to the approval of implementing
regulations that are still in draft form or have not yet been proposed, leading to uncertainty about their scope and
implementation. Until the relevant implementing regulations for patent term extension in the Amended PRC Patent
Law are implemented, and until data exclusivity is adopted and implemented, we may be subject to earlier generic
or biosimilar competition in China than in the United States and other jurisdictions with stronger regulatory data
protection for pharmaceutical products.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our medicines and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.


Undesirable adverse events (“AEs”) caused by our medicines and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval, or could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of
our trials or patient experience following approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our
trials could be suspended or terminated and regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of,
or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT             75
RISK FACTORS


As is typical in the development of pharmaceutical products, drug-related AEs and serious AEs (“SAEs”) have
been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these events have led to patient deaths. Drug-related AEs or SAEs
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial and could result in product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial condition and prospects
significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and our press releases and scientific and
medical presentations released from time to time we disclose clinical results for our drug candidates, including
the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as of the date of the data cutoff used in such
report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless required by applicable law. Also, a number
of immune-related adverse events (“IRAEs”) have been associated with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors
such as tislelizumab, including immune-mediated pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis
and renal dysfunction, skin adverse reactions, and encephalitis. These IRAEs may be more common in certain
patient populations (potentially including elderly patients) and may be exacerbated when checkpoint inhibitors are
combined with other therapies.


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our medicines and drug candidates, or caused by our medicines
and drug candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative
consequences, including:


•    regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;


•    we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the medicine;


•    regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the medicine, or we may determine to do
     so even if not required;


•    regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;


•    we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) for the drug, as is the case
     with REVLIMID, or, if a REMS is already in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or
     to develop a similar strategy as required by a regulatory authority;


•    we may be required to conduct post-marketing studies; and


•    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.


Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.




76     BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our medicines,
we may be unable to market such medicine or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages,
and our business could be materially harmed.


We plan to develop certain of our medicines and drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If a regulatory
authority revokes its approval of the other therapeutic that we use in combination with our medicines or drug
candidates, we will not be able to market our medicines or drug candidates in combination with such revoked
therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our
medicines and drug candidates in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be
required to redesign or terminate the applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result
in a supply shortage of any component of our combination medicines or drug candidates, we may not be able
to complete clinical development of our drug candidates on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience
disruptions in the commercialization of our approved medicines. For example, we have in-licensed drug candidates
from third parties to conduct clinical trials in combination with our drug candidates. We may rely on those third
parties to manufacture the in-licensed drug candidates and may not have control over their manufacturing process.
If these third parties encounter any manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays and are not able to supply
sufficient quantities of drug candidates, our drug combination study program may be delayed. For additional
information, please see the section of this annual report titled “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Reliance on
Third Parties — We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our
business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so
at acceptable quality levels or prices.”


Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain regulatory approval
of and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and affect the prices we may obtain.


In the United States, China, Europe and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and
regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of
our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our medicines
and any drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. We expect that healthcare reform measures may
result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any
approved medicine. For example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) was signed into
law. The IRA includes several provisions that may impact our business to varying degrees, including provisions that
create a US$2,000 out-of-pocket cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries, impose new manufacturer financial liability
on all drugs in Medicare Part D, allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D pricing for
certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition, require companies to pay rebates
to Medicare for drug prices that increase faster than inflation, and delay the rebate rule that would require pass
through of pharmacy benefit manager rebates to beneficiaries. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or
other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation
of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue,
attain profitability, or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT             77
RISK FACTORS


Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and
promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will
be enacted, or whether any regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such
changes on the regulatory approvals of our medicines and drug candidates may be.


For example, in the United States, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative
challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and there could be additional challenges and amendments
to the Affordable Care Act in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital


We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
losses for the foreseeable future and may not become profitable.


Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly capital-intensive and speculative. It entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or
become commercially viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a
result, we have incurred losses in each period since our inception, except in the third quarter of 2017 and the first
quarter of 2021, when we were profitable due to revenue recognized from up-front license fees from collaboration
agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of US$7.1 billion. Substantially all of our
operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and
from selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.


We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, although we expect these losses to decrease
in the near term as product sales growth exceeds expense growth. We expect expenses to continue to increase
as we continue to expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and our
manufacturing facilities, commercialize our medicines and launch new medicines, if approved, maintain and expand
regulatory approvals, contribute up to US$1.25 billion to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen pipeline
assets under our collaboration agreement, and commercialize the medicines that we have licensed from Amgen,
BMS and other parties and any other medicines that we may successfully develop or license. Typically, it takes
many years to develop one new drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating patients. In
addition, we will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. We will also incur costs in
support of our growth as a global biotechnology company. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on
the number and scope of our drug development programs and the associated costs of those programs, the cost of
our manufacturing activities, the cost of commercializing our approved products, our ability to generate revenues
and the timing and amount of milestones and other payments we make or receive with arrangements with third
parties. If we fail to achieve market acceptance for our medicines or if promising drug candidates fail in clinical
trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance, we may never become
profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent
periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair
our ability to raise capital, maintain our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts,
expand our business or continue our operations.




78     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


Our portfolio of drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and
availability of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can
provide us with product sales revenue. Additionally, we are investing in the manufacturing and commercialization
of our approved medicines. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our
operating activities used US$1.5 billion, US$1.3 billion and US$1.3 billion of net cash during the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from operating activities
in 2022, 2021 and 2020 primarily due to our net losses of US$2.0 billion, US$1.5 billion and US$1.6 billion,
respectively. Although we recorded positive net cash flows from operating activities in 2017, primarily due to the
upfront fees received from the BMS collaboration, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate positive
cash flows from operating activities in the future.


Our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by the negative net cash flows, and
we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our operations. If we resort to
other financing activities to generate additional cash, we will incur financing costs and we cannot guarantee that we
will be able to obtain the financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we raise financing by issuing further
equity securities your interest in our company may be diluted. If we have negative operating cash flows in the
future, our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.


We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on drug discovery, advancing the clinical development of our
drug candidates, contributing to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen pipeline assets, developing our
manufacturing capabilities and securing drug supply, and launching and commercializing our and our collaborators’
medicines and any additional drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, including building and
maintaining a commercial organization to address markets in China, the United States and other countries.


Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of medicines in China licensed from BMS, and
since the fourth quarter of 2019, we have generated revenues from our internally developed medicines. These
revenues are not sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity requirements,
based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, we believe
that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments may not be sufficient to enable us to complete
all global development or launch all of our current medicines and drug candidates for the currently anticipated
indications and to invest in additional programs. Accordingly, we may require further funding through public or
private offerings, debt financing, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources.


With uncertainty in the capital markets, adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay,
reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain
additional funding when we need it could seriously harm our business.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT            79
RISK FACTORS


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.


We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect your rights as a holder of our shares. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance
of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain
additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity,
limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that
could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of additional equity securities, or
the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. In the event that we enter
into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable
terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug
candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future
potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.


We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We do not regularly engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates
between particular foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against
currencies in countries in which we operate could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We cannot
predict the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.


The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy proposed or adopted by
the PRC, Australia and other governments. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC, Australia, other
governments outside the U.S. and U.S. government policies may impact the exchange rate of the RMB and the
U.S. dollar or any other currencies in the future. There remains significant international pressure on China to adopt a
more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government, which has threatened to label China as a “currency
manipulator,” which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.




80     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our
operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for
dividends or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative
effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.


In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain approval from or registration with appropriate
government authorities or designated banks before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All
of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects, and could reduce the value of, and any dividends payable on, our shares in foreign currency terms.


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of,
or defaults by, our distributors and customers, and an impairment in the carrying value of our short-term
investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.


We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase, as will the breadth of the entities to which
we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific distributors and customers
that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult
to detect or foresee.


Also, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent the
maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents of US$3.9 billion, restricted cash
of US$5.5 million and short-term investments of US$665.3 million as of December 31, 2022, most of which are
deposited in financial institutions outside of China. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from
the STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus
for the STAR Offering as well as our proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board
of directors. Although our cash and cash equivalents in China are deposited with various major reputable financial
institutions, the deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial
insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits
back in full. As of December 31, 2022, our short-term investments consisted of U.S. Treasury securities.


Although we believe that the U.S. Treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit
worthiness of these institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the U.S. market, could lead to
significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT           81
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates through
intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights is not sufficiently broad, third
parties may compete against us.


Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our medicines, drug candidates and proprietary
technology from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including
patent rights. We seek to protect the medicines, drug candidates and technology that we consider commercially
important by filing patent applications in the United States, the PRC, Europe and other territories, relying on trade
secrets or pharmaceutical regulatory protection or employing a combination of these methods. This process
is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all
necessary or desirable patents and/or patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. As a result,
we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive drugs in all such
fields and territories.


Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of reasons, including known
or unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty of the underlying invention or
technology. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output
in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with
parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our
employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors
and any other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a
patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of
discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United
States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases, not at all.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending
patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, the PRC
and the United States have adopted the “first-to-file” system under which whoever first files a patent application
will be awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. Under the first-to-file system, third parties
may be granted a patent relating to a technology which we invented.




82      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


In addition, under the PRC Patent Law, any organization or individual that applies for a patent in a foreign country
for an invention or utility model accomplished in China is required to report to the National Intellectual Property
Administration, or NIPA, for security examination. Otherwise, if an application is later filed in China, the patent right
will not be granted.


The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope
can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we license or own currently or in the future issue
as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors
or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition,
the patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex
legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance,
scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain.


The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents
may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States, the PRC and other countries. We may be
subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the
“USPTO”) or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes
review, or interference proceedings or similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions challenging our patent rights or the
patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the
scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our medicines or drug candidates and
compete directly with us without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize medicines
or drug candidates without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party patent rights. Moreover,
we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention
or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of
our invention or other features of patentability of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result
in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable,
which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and
products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology, medicines, and drug candidates. Such
proceedings also may result in substantial costs and require significant time from our scientists and management,
even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our medicines or
drug candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other
third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in
a non-infringing manner.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT             83
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is
limited. For example, the approved cancer therapies we have licensed from BMS in China face competition from
generic medications, and we may face similar competition for our approved medicines even if we successfully
obtain patent protection. Manufacturers of generic drugs may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of
our patents, and we may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a
result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse
effect on any potential sales of that product. The issued patents and pending patent applications, if issued, for
our medicines and drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as described in “Business-Intellectual
Property” of this annual report. Upon the expiration of our issued patents or patents that may issue from our
pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert such patent rights against potential competitors and our
business and results of operations may be adversely affected.


Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates,
patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug candidates are
commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us with sufficient rights to
exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Moreover, some of our patents and
patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with or licensed from third parties. If we are unable to
obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners’ interest in such patents or patent applications, such
co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors
could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-
owners or the licensors of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation
may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position,
business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects.


We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. If we fail to adequately
protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be impaired and our business could be
materially harmed.


Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drugs or drug candidates in all countries throughout
the world could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our intellectual property rights in some countries can have
a different scope and strength than in the United States. In addition, the laws of certain countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws do, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical
products. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries
outside the United States, or from selling or importing drugs made using our inventions in and into the United States
or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent
protection to develop their own drugs and further, may export otherwise infringing drugs to non-U.S. jurisdictions
where we have patent protection, but where enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States.
These drugs may compete with our medicines and drug candidates and our patent rights or other intellectual
property rights may not be effective or adequate to prevent them from competing. In addition, we may not be able
to enforce patents that we in-license from third parties, who may delay or decline to enforce patents in the licensed
territory.




84      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


We currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be
the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the
same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our primary brands, we may be required to
change our brand names, which could materially adversely affect our business. Moreover, as our products mature,
our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors will increase, and as a result, if we are
unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or
otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.


We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be
commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may
be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop.


We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive,
time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our medicines and drug candidates could be
found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before government patent authorities.


Competitors may infringe our patent rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.
To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our
intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of our own intellectual
property rights or the proprietary rights of others. This can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims that we
assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us challenging
the validity or enforceability of our patents or alleging that we infringe their intellectual property rights.


In addition, generic drug companies may in the future file an Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) with
the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of our products, or our competitors’ products, before
the expiration of the patents covering such products, which may trigger ANDA litigation over the associated
patent. Settlements and related licensing agreements resulting from ANDA litigation can be challenged and have
the potential to generate additional litigation which can be costly. The success of such litigation depends on
the strength of the patents covering the branded product and the manufacturer’s ability to prove infringement.
The outcome of such litigation is inherently uncertain and may result in potential loss of market exclusivity for
the product which may have a significant financial impact on product revenue. Furthermore, the Federal Trade
Commission (“FTC”) has brought lawsuits to challenge ANDA litigation settlements as anti-competitive. If we
engage in ANDA litigation, we may also face an FTC challenge with respect to the related settlement which may
result in additional expense or penalty.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT         85
RISK FACTORS


Many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce
and/or defend their intellectual property rights than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able
to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. An adverse result in any
litigation proceeding could put our patents, as well as any patents that may issue in the future from our pending
patent applications, at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because
of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that
some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.


In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are
commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability
of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad,
even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-
grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings. Such
proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and
protect our medicines or drug candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability
is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no
invalidating prior art of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If
a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and
perhaps all, of the patent protection on our medicines or drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could
have a material adverse impact on our business.


We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in
countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.


If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and
time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our medicines or drug
candidates.


Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the valid patents and other intellectual
property rights of third parties. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent applications
belonging to third parties that exist in fields of our medicines and drug candidates. There may also be third-party
patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we operate,
additional patents are likely to issue that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation
and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents
are issued, the risk increases that our medicines and drug candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the
patent rights of others.




86     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Third parties may assert that we are using technology in violation of their patent or other proprietary rights. Defense
of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and divert our technical
personnel, management personnel, or both from their normal responsibilities. Even in the absence of litigation, we
may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license is available, it could
impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.


If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may be
subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one
or more of our medicines and drug candidates. In the event of a successful claim against us of infringement or
misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may have to pay substantial damages, including
treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement, pay royalties or redesign our infringing
medicines and drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and cost. In the event of an
adverse result in any such litigation, or even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third
parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our medicines or drug candidates. Any such license
might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. In the event that we are unable to obtain such a license, we
would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our medicines and drug candidates, which
could harm our business significantly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent
infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay
royalties and other fees that could significantly harm our business.


We are aware of patents in the U.S. and some other jurisdictions with claims covering certain antibodies that are
relevant to tislelizumab for which patents are expected to expire in 2023 or 2024; complexes of irreversible BTK
inhibitors that are relevant to BRUKINSA for which the patent is expected to expire in 2027; the use of PARP
inhibitors to treat certain cancers that are relevant to pamiparib for which patents are expected to expire between
2027 and 2031; and the use of TIGIT antagonist in combination with PD-1 binding antagonist to treat cancers
that are relevant to the use of ociperlimab in combination with tislelizumab for which patents are expected to
expire in 2034. Although we believe that the relevant claims of these patents would likely be held invalid, we can
provide no assurance that a court or an administrative agency would agree with our assessment. If the validity of
the relevant claims of one or more of these patents were to be upheld upon a validity challenge, and our related
medicine was approved for sale in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents, we would need a
license to commercialize the medicine in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents. In addition,
depending upon the circumstances, we may need licenses for jurisdictions outside of the United States where we
wish to commercialize a particular medicine before the expiration of corresponding patents covering that medicine.
In such cases, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license or licenses on commercially
reasonable terms or at all, which could materially and adversely affect our business.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            87
RISK FACTORS


Even if litigation or other proceedings are resolved in our favor, there could be public announcements of the results
of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive
these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the market price of our shares. Such
litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for
development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial
or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to
sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial
resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.


Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document
submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent
protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements.


Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent agencies in
several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and other patent agencies require compliance with
a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application
process. Although an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means
in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment
or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant
jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application
include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to
properly legalize and submit formal documents. In any such event, our competitors might be able to enter the
market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.


If we do not obtain patent term extension and regulatory exclusivity for our medicines, our business may be
materially harmed.


Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our medicines and drug
candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-
Waxman Act. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due
diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing
to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover,
the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. In addition,
although the Amended PRC Patent Law includes patent term extension, the patent term extension provision of the
law is unclear and/or remains subject to the approval of implementing regulations that are still in draft form and
soliciting comments, leading to uncertainty about its scope and implementation. As a result, the patents we have
in the PRC are not yet eligible to be extended for patent term lost during clinical trials and the regulatory review
process. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is less than we request, our
competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed.




88     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our
medicines or drug candidates.


The laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to
obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There could be
changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights or our other intellectual
property rights.


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade
secrets of their former employers.


In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
medicines and drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.


Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these
employees, including members of our senior management, executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and in
some cases non-competition agreements in connection with their previous employment. Although we try to ensure
that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be
subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets
or other proprietary information, of any such employee’s former employer. If we fail in defending any such claims,
in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we
are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to
management.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT            89
RISK FACTORS


In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the
development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may
be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that
we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of such intellectual
property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may
lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel.


If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights
from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could
be required to pay monetary damages or could lose license rights that are important to our business.


We have entered into license agreements with third parties providing us with rights under various third-party
patents and patent applications. These license agreements impose diligence, development or commercialization
timelines and milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our
obligations under our current or future license agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate
these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any medicine or
drug candidate that is covered by the licenses provided for under these agreements or we may face claims for
monetary damages or other penalties under these agreements. Such an occurrence could diminish the value of
these products and our company. Termination of the licenses provided for under these agreements or reduction or
elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements
with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements.


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business
could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at
acceptable quality levels or prices.


Although we manufacture commercial supply of tislelizumab, zanubrutinib, and pamiparib at our manufacturing
facilities in China, and are constructing a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New
Jersey and a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China, we continue to rely on outside vendors
to manufacture supplies and process some of our medicines and drug candidates. For example, we have entered
into a commercial supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer Ingelheim and entered into a commercial
supply agreement for BRUKINSA with Catalent. In addition, we generally rely on our collaboration partners and their
third-party manufacturers for supply of in-licensed medicines in China. We have limited experience in manufacturing
or processing our medicines and drug candidates on a commercial scale. Additionally, we have limited experience
in managing the manufacturing process, and our process may be more difficult or expensive than the approaches
currently in use.




90     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Although we intend to use our own manufacturing facilities, we also intend to use third parties as part of our
manufacturing process and for the clinical and commercial supply of our medicines and drug candidates. Our
anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:


•    we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
     manufacturers is limited and regulatory authorities must evaluate and/or approve any manufacturers as part
     of their regulatory oversight of our medicines and drug candidates. This evaluation would require new testing
     and GMP-compliance inspections by regulatory authorities;


•    our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our medicines and drug candidates,
     and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement and maintain the
     infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates;


•    our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our medicines and drug candidates or
     produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. This may, in the
     future, require us to transfer manufacturing technology to a different manufacturer or use a different process,
     each of which would be both time consuming and costly and potentially require us to conduct comparative
     studies to determine bioequivalence of the new and prior manufacturers’ products or the new and old
     processes;


•    manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding
     state agencies in the United States to ensure strict compliance with good manufacturing practice (“GMP”)
     requirements and other government regulations and by other comparable regulatory authorities for
     corresponding non-U.S. requirements. Manufacturers may be unable to comply with these GMPs which
     may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension, delay or withdrawal of product
     approval, or product seizure or recall. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers’ compliance with
     these regulations and requirements;


•    we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to some of the technology used and
     improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our medicines and
     drug candidates;


•    raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
     other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
     component defects;


•    our contract manufacturers and drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their business,
     including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier
     systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or
     pandemics; and


•    manufacturing partners may require us to fund capital improvements to support scale-up of manufacturing
     and related activities to the extent our drug candidates or medicines become approved for commercial sale.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           91
RISK FACTORS


For example, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China
supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in
China. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United
States. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from
ABRAXANE.


Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development of our drug candidates or commercialization of
our medicines. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our medicines and
drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable,
patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our
company until deficiencies are remedied.


Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business.


Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our medicines and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of
our medicines and drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience
manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political
environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with
their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our medicines for commercial sale and our drug candidates to
patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could
delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and,
depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical
trials completely.




92     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
arrangements.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration agreements and may enter into additional collaboration, licensing
arrangements, or strategic alliances with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research,
development and commercialization efforts. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and
other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders,
or disrupt our management and business.


In August 2017, we acquired Celgene’s commercial operations in China and an exclusive license to Celgene’s
(now BMS’s) commercial cancer portfolio in China, REVLIMID, VIDAZA and ABRAXANE. On March 25, 2020,
the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to us by BMS, and the
drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was
based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. We have not had any
sales of ABRAXANE since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE. We have initiated
an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and
conditions of the license and supply agreement.


In 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its commercial-stage oncology
products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline
products. In January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting Novartis
rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab in North America, Japan,
the EU, and six other European countries. In December 2021, we entered into an option, collaboration and license
agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor, ociperlimab,
in North America, Europe, and Japan.


Our strategic collaborations with Amgen, Novartis and BMS involve numerous risks. We cannot be certain that
we will achieve the financial and other benefits that led us to enter into the collaborations. Moreover, we may not
achieve the revenue and cost synergies expected from our collaborations for their commercial products in China,
and our management’s attention may be diverted from our drug discovery and development business. These
synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. If we achieve the expected
benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Lastly, strategic collaborations can be
terminated for various reasons. For example, our strategic collaboration with Celgene for the development and
commercialization of tislelizumab, which we entered into in connection with the license agreement in 2017, was
terminated in June 2019 in advance of the acquisition of Celgene by BMS, and we received a termination notice in
October 2021 to terminate our license agreement for ABRAXANE in China.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           93
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, from time to time, we may enter into joint ventures with other companies. Establishment of a joint
venture involves significant risks and uncertainties, including (i) our ability to cooperate with our strategic partner, (ii)
our strategic partner having economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and (iii)
the potential that our strategic partner may be unable to meet its economic or other obligations, which may require
us to fulfill those obligations alone.


We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-
consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic collaboration
or other alternative arrangements for our medicines and drug candidates because they may be deemed to be at
too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our medicines and drug
candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or commercial viability. If and
when we collaborate with a third party for development and commercialization of a medicine or drug candidate,
we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that medicine or drug candidate
to the third party. For any medicines or drug candidates that we may seek to in-license from third parties, we may
face significant competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies with greater resources or
capabilities than us, and any agreement that we do enter may not result in the anticipated benefits.


Collaborations involving our medicines and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the
following:


•     collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
      collaboration;


•     collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates and medicines or
      may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
      changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other
      external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;


•     collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
      abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
      candidate for clinical testing;


•     collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
      indirectly with our medicines or drug candidates;


•     a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more medicines may not commit sufficient
      resources to their marketing and distribution or may set prices that reduce the profitability of the medicines;


•     collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
      property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
      jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;




94      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


•    disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
     development or commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or
     arbitration that diverts management attention and resources;


•    collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
     further development or commercialization of the applicable medicines and drug candidates; and


•    collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our medicines and drug candidates that
     results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to
     commercialize such intellectual property.


As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, licensing arrangements or
strategic alliances for our medicines and drug candidates if we are unable to successfully integrate such products
with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect
our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will be able to fulfill
all of our contractual obligations in a timely manner or achieve the revenue, specific net income or other goals
that justify such transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis,
on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or delay its
development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or
reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or
commercialization activities at our own expense.


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
adversely affected.


We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our approved medicines. For example, we rely on sole third-party
distributors to distribute some of our in-licensed approved medicines in China and multiple third-party distributors
for the distribution of our internally developed medicines. We also expect to rely on third-party distributors to
distribute our other internally developed and in-licensed medicines, if approved. Our ability to maintain and grow
our business will depend on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery
of our medicines. However, we have relatively limited control over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our
medicines in the manner we contemplate. For example, while we have long-standing business relationship with our
sole distributor for the in-licensed products from BMS, the agreement we entered into with our sole distributor can
be terminated by either party upon six months’ written notice. If price controls or other factors substantially reduce
the margins our distributors can obtain through the resale of our medicines to hospitals, medical institutions and
sub-distributors, they may terminate their relationship with us. While we believe alternative distributors are readily
available, there is a risk that, if the distribution of our medicines is interrupted, our sales volumes and business
prospects could be adversely affected.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            95
RISK FACTORS


If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial
condition could be adversely affected.


Before a third party can begin commercial manufacture of our medicines, they are subject to regulatory inspections
of their manufacturing facilities, processes and quality systems. Due to the complexity of the processes used to
manufacture drug and biological products, any potential third-party manufacturer may be unable to initially pass
regulatory inspections in a timely or cost-effective manner in order for us to obtain regulatory approval. If contract
manufacturers do not pass their inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities, our commercial supply of drug
product or substance will be significantly delayed and may result in significant additional costs, including the
delay or denial of any marketing application for our drug candidates or disruption in sales. In addition, drug and
biological manufacturing facilities are continuously subject to inspection by regulatory authorities, before and after
drug approval, and must comply with GMPs. Our or our collaborators’ contract manufacturers may encounter
difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel.
In addition, contract manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in accordance
with applicable regulatory requirements, or the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury,
product liability claims, product shortages, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing
or delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. If a third-party manufacturer
with whom we or our collaborators’ contract is unable to comply with manufacturing regulations, we may also be
subject to fines, unanticipated compliance expenses, recall or seizure of our drugs, product liability claims, total or
partial suspension of production and/or enforcement actions, including injunctions, and criminal or civil prosecution.
These possible sanctions could materially adversely affect our financial results and financial condition. On March
25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to us by BMS, and
the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was
based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. We have not had any
sales of ABRAXANE since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE. We have initiated
an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and
conditions of the license and supply agreement.




96     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


We have a collaboration agreement with Amgen pursuant to which we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate
on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China, and the
global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen’s clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
pipeline products. Amgen has paused or stopped development of some of the pipeline assets due to portfolio
prioritization, and the parties expect that the development plan for the pipeline assets will continue to evolve over
time. Additionally, Amgen has advised us that its applications to the Human Genetic Resources Administration
of China (“HGRAC”) to obtain approval to conduct clinical studies in China for the pipeline assets, including its
application for LUMAKRAS (sotorasib) (“AMG 510”), a first-in-class KRAS G12C inhibitor, were delayed between
2020 and 2022. Approval from the HGRAC is required for the initiation of clinical trials involving the collection of
human genetic materials in China. In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Collaboration Agreement
cost-share contributions, we determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer
commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Collaboration
Agreement to (i) stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting
January 1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the
anticipated termination of AMG 510 from the Collaboration Agreement. We do not expect the HGRAC delay to
affect the conduct of the clinical trials in China for our drug candidates, other than assets that are part of the Amgen
collaboration. The Amgen collaboration involves numerous risks, including unanticipated costs and diversion of
our management’s attention from our other drug discovery and development business. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s oncology products in China, which could
disrupt our business and harm our financial results.


We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and our business could be
substantially harmed.


We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely to some extent upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage
data and provide other services for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We rely on these parties
for execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the
applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does
not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators
are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by regulatory authorities for all
of our drug candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with
applicable GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed
unreliable and regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our
marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with drug product produced under
GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would
delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigations and enforcement
actions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            97
RISK FACTORS


If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.


Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


At the beginning of 2022, we had approximately 8,000 employees, and we ended the year with more than 9,000
employees, an increase of 15%. We expect to continue our growth. Most of our employees are full-time. As our
research, development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must add a significant
number of additional managerial, operational, drug development, clinical, regulatory affairs, manufacturing, sales,
marketing, financial and other personnel in the United States, China, Europe and other regions. Our recent growth
and any anticipated future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management,
including:


•    identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;


•    managing the growth in our research, clinical operations, commercial, and supporting functions;


•    managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and regulatory review process for
     our drug candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to third parties; and


•    improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures.


Our future financial performance and our ability to develop and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates
will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any future growth, and our
management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in
order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.




98     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.


If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully implement
the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and,
accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.


Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory board, and director; John V. Oyler,
our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors; Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., our President,
Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China; and the other principal members of our management and
scientific teams play a critical role in the Company’s operation and development. Although we have employment
agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives
from terminating their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any of our
executives or other employees. The loss of the services of any of these persons could impede the achievement of
our research, development and commercialization objectives.


To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have
provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest over time or based on performance
conditions. The value to employees of these equity grants that may be significantly affected by movements in
our share price that are beyond our control and may be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from
other companies. Although we have employment agreements or offer letters with our key employees, any of our
employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice.


Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to
assist us in formulating and executing our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization
strategy. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede
the achievement of our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm
our ability to successfully implement our business strategy.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT             99
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, replacing executives, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.


We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.


Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the collection
and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be complex and stringent, and many are subject
to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business
practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.


Regulatory authorities around the world have implemented industry-specific laws and regulations that affect the
collection and transfer of personal data. For example, in China, the Regulation on the Administration of Human
Genetic Resources promulgated by the State Council (the “HGR Regulation”), which became effective in 2019,
applies to activities that involve sampling, biobanking, use of HGR materials and associated data, in China, and
provision of such to foreign parties. The HGR Regulation prohibits both onshore or offshore entities established
or actually controlled by foreign entities and individuals from sampling or biobanking any China HGR in China and
require approval for the sampling of certain HGR and biobanking of all HGR by Chinese parties. Approval for any
export or cross-border transfer of the HGR material is required, and transfer of China HGR data by Chinese parties
to foreign parties or entities established or actually controlled by them also requires the Chinese parties to file,
before the transfer, a copy of the data to the HGR administration for record. The HGR Regulation also requires that
foreign parties ensure the full participation of Chinese parties in international collaborations and all records and
data must be shared with the Chinese parties. For information about applications under the HGR Regulation for
clinical studies in China that are part of the Amgen – BeiGene Collaboration, see the risk factor entitled “If we are
not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected benefits of the
collaboration will not materialize.”




100        BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Further to the draft HGR implementing rules, the Cyberspace Administration of China (“CAC”) released the final
Measures of Cross-Border Data Transfer Security Assessment on July 7, 2022 (effective as of September 1,
2022), under which any transfer of certain “important data” out of China shall trigger a security assessment to be
conducted by the government. The term “important data” is a broadly defined term under the Cybersecurity Law
and Data Security Law, and further clarifications need to be put in place by the government before international
companies could find a practical way to comply. However, under the latest draft Important Data Identification
Guidance, HGR data is classified as “important data,” and if the guidance is finalized as is, it can be expected that
this new cross-border data transfer rule may create considerable additional regulatory burdens on international
companies’ human gene-involved R&D activities in China (i.e., adding a third layer of CAC’s regulatory approval in
addition to HGRAC’s and NMPA’s).


If the Chinese parties fail to comply with data protection laws, regulations and practice standards, and our research
data is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could result in a loss
of our confidential information and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. It is possible that
these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our or our collaborators’ practices,
potentially resulting in suspension of relevant ongoing clinical trials or the initiation of new trials, confiscation
of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines, disgorgement of illegal gains, or temporary or
permanent debarment of our or our collaborators’ entities and responsible persons from further HGR projects and,
consequently, a de-facto ban on the debarred entities from initiating new clinical trials in China. So far, the HGR
administration has disclosed a number of HGR violation cases. In one case, the sanctioned party was the Chinese
subsidiary of a multinational pharmaceutical company that was found to have illegally transferred certain HGR
materials to CROs for conducting certain unapproved research. In addition to a written warning and confiscation
of relevant HGR materials, the Chinese subsidiary of the multinational pharmaceutical company was requested
by the HGR administration to take rectification measures and at the same time banned from submitting any HGR
applications until the HGR administration was satisfied with the rectification results, which rendered it unable to
initiate new clinical trials in China until the ban was lifted. In another case, a public hospital was found to have
illegally transferred certain HGR data to a university in Europe, and that hospital was eventually subject to the same
ban.


To further tighten the control of China HGR, the Chinese government adopted amendments to the Criminal Code,
effective as of March 1, 2021, which criminalize the illegal collection of China HGR, the illegal transfer of China
HGR materials outside of China, and the transfer of China HGR data to foreign parties or entities established or
actually controlled by them without going through security review and assessment. An individual who is convicted
of any of these violations may be subject to public surveillance, criminal detention, a fixed-term imprisonment of
up to 7 years, and/or a criminal fine. On April 15, 2021, the Biosecurity Law became effective. The Biosecurity
Law establishes an integrated system to regulate biosecurity-related activities in China, including the security
regulation of HGR and biological resources. The Biosecurity Law for the first time expressly declared that China
has sovereignty over its HGR and further endorsed the HGR Regulation by recognizing the fundamental regulatory
principles and systems established by it over the utilization of Chinese HGR by foreign entities in China. Although
the Biosecurity Law does not provide any specific new regulatory requirements on HGR, as it is a law adopted by
China’s highest legislative authority, it gives China’s major regulatory authority of HGR, i.e., the Ministry of Science
and Technology, significantly more power and discretion to regulate HGR and it is expected that the overall
regulatory landscape for Chinese HGR will evolve and become even more rigorous. In addition, the interpretation
and application of data protection laws in China and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux.



                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          101
RISK FACTORS


We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public
going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to
significant penalties, including fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays in
completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or
interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


We currently have manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Guangzhou, and Suzhou, China. We are also constructing
a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey, United States, and a new
small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China. These facilities may encounter unanticipated delays and
expenses due to a number of factors, including regulatory requirements. If construction or expansion, regulatory
evaluation and/or approval of our facilities are delayed, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of
our medicines and drug candidates, which would limit our development and commercialization activities and our
opportunities for growth. Cost overruns associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us
to raise additional funds from other sources. For example, we may not be able to complete the construction and
validation of and obtain regulatory approval for the new manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey, the
new manufacturing campus in Suzhou and manufacturing facility expansion in Guangzhou in a timely or economic
manner.


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” our
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection in connection with clinical development and new drug approvals
and ongoing, periodic inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure
compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements. Historically, some manufacturing facilities in China have
had difficulty meeting the FDA’s, NMPA’s or EMA’s standards. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to
such GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products
for clinical or commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent
filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our medicines. We
also may encounter problems with the following:


•     achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory
      agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield and costs;


•     shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors; and


•     ongoing compliance with GMP regulations and other requirements of the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other
      comparable regulatory agencies.




102    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of
approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or medicines, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.


Developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities.
Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.


To supply commercial quantities for our marketed products, produce our medicines in the quantities that we
believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand, and to supply clinical drug material to support the
continued growth of our clinical programs, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by
a significant factor over the initial level of production, which will require substantial additional expenditures and
various regulatory approvals and permits. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our medicines
in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand.


If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly
or inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted
loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any medicines manufactured at that facility. Any interruption in manufacturing
operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or
commercialization. Any disruption that impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates or medicines in a
timely manner could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property, plant and equipment in amounts
we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to
reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug
candidates and medicines if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities
or processes.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           103
RISK FACTORS


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal
controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these
requirements.


As a public company listed in the United States, Hong Kong and Shanghai, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the listing rules of the
Nasdaq Stock Market, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange, and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with applicable requirements.
These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance
practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements.
Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities
more time-consuming and costly.


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we
must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and
expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the market price of our shares
could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, HKEx, China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”),
SSE or other applicable regulatory authorities, and our business could be harmed.


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.


From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic collaborations, including licensing or
acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-
process or potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including:


•     increased operating expenses and cash requirements;


•     the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;


•     the issuance of our equity securities;


•     assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
      associated with integrating new personnel;




104    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


•    the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
     such a strategic merger or acquisition;


•    retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
     relationships;


•    risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
     party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals; and


•    our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
     undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.


In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or strategic collaborations, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or
incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant
future amortization expense. For example, in connection with our transaction with Amgen, we issued to Amgen a
total of 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs in January 2020, representing 20.5% of the then issued
share capital of the Company after giving effect to the share issuance, which resulted in Amgen becoming our
largest shareholder and the ownership of our existing shareholders being diluted.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), and other regulations and rules with
respect to mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger
and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex. For example, the M&A Rules
require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the “MOFCOM”) be notified in advance of any change-of-control
transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is
concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have impact on the national economic security,
or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark
or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law of the PRC, which was amended in
June 2022 and became effective as of August 1, 2022, and the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of
Concentrations of Undertakings issued by the State Council, the concentration of business undertakings by way
of mergers, acquisitions or contractual arrangements that allow one market player to take control of or to exert
decisive impact on another market player must also be notified in advance to the State Administration for Market
Regulation (the “SAMR”) when the threshold is crossed and such concentration shall not be implemented without
the clearance of prior notification. In addition, the Measures for Security Review of Foreign Investment jointly issued
by the National Development and Reform Commission and MOFCOM and the Regulations on Implementation of
Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors (the “Security
Review Rules”) issued by the MOFCOM specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national
defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire the de
facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the
MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by structuring the transaction
through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT          105
RISK FACTORS


We may also be subject to similar review and regulations in other jurisdictions, such as the laws and regulations on
foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United
States (the “CFIUS”) and other agencies, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (the
“FIRRMA”), which became effective in February 2020.


Furthermore, according to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if a Chinese overseas listed company issues
overseas listed securities to acquire assets, such issuance would be subject to filing requirements with the CSRC.


In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
consuming, and any required approval or filing processes, including obtaining approval from or filing with
CFIUS, the SAMR, the MOFCOM, the CSRC or other agencies may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such
transactions. It is unclear whether those complementary businesses we may acquire in the future would be deemed
to be in an industry that raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns.


However, CFIUS, SAMR, MOFCOM, CSRC or other government agencies may publish explanations in the future
determining that certain complementary business is in an industry subject to the security review, in which case our
future acquisitions in the United States and the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control
arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our business
or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely
affected.


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits us from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also
subject to the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. The anti-bribery laws in
China generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. As our business has
expanded, the applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.




106    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of United States, PRC or other countries’ anti-corruption and related laws. Although we have
policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply with anti-bribery laws,
there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees and intermediaries from
engaging in bribery activities. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail
to comply with applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur
criminal or civil penalties, including but not limited to imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, suspension of our ability
to do business with the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from
participation in government healthcare programs, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.


If we or our CROs or contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) fail to comply with environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on our business.


We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and waste. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into operation
after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the
risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use
of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and such liability could exceed our
insurance coverage. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.


In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development,
manufacturing or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in
substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           107
RISK FACTORS


Our information technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer
security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization
efforts.


Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our contractors
and collaborators, are vulnerable to damage from internal or external events, such as computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures, which can
compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems. Although to our knowledge we have not
experienced any material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause
interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our research, development, manufacturing,
regulatory and commercialization efforts and our business operations.


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property,
and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems
and outsourced vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information,
including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information.
Because information systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of our operating activities,
shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or vendors that provide information systems, networks, or
other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer hacking,
phishing attacks, ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters
(including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events could cause loss of data, damage
to systems and data and leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access important data needed to
operate our business. Our contractors and collaborators have and in the future may face similar risks, and service
disruptions or security breaches of their systems could adversely affect our security, leave us without access to
important systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information or expose our confidential data.
In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be
sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant events could result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our
reputation or a loss of revenues. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any
losses associated with such events.




108        BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data
and/or systems. Like other companies, we and our third-party vendors have on occasion experienced, and will
continue to experience, threats to our or their data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing,
business email compromise attacks, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these
threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our information technology systems or those of our
vendors occurs, we could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond
to these threats or breaches and to repair or replace information systems or networks and could suffer financial
loss or the loss of valuable confidential information. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or
claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and
use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure
of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed
to prevent these events from occurring, and we have processes to identify and mitigate threats, the development
and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating
as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover,
despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As we outsource more
of our information systems to vendors, engage in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely
more on cloud-based information systems, the related security risks will increase and we will need to expend
additional resources to protect our technology and information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that
our internal information technology systems or those of our contractors and collaborators, as well as our and their
efforts to implement adequate security and control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against breakdowns,
service disruptions, data deterioration or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being
stolen or corrupted in the event of a cyberattack, security breach, ransomware, industrial espionage attack or
insider threat attack that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of
critical, proprietary, private, confidential or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business
or reputational harm to us.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           109
RISK FACTORS


Our failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions
and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.


In the United States, Europe, China, and many other jurisdictions where we operate, we are subject to laws and
regulations that address privacy, personal information protection and data security at both the federal and State
levels. Numerous laws and regulations, including, without limitation, privacy laws (such as the European Union’s
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or similar laws), security breach notification laws (such as Australia’s
amendment to the Privacy Act), health information privacy laws (such as the United States’ Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) and the Human Genetic Resources Administration of China’s rules),
and consumer protection laws (such as the United States’ Federal Trade Commission’s unfair or deceptive
practices rules or California’s Consumer Privacy Act and California’s Privacy Rights Act), govern the collection,
use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. A subset of these laws also have
strict requirements governing the cross-border transmission of personal information (see — “Compliance with the
Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”), Cybersecurity Review Measures,
Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PIPL”), regulations and guidelines
relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other future laws and regulations may entail
significant expenses and could materially affect our business .”).


The legal and regulatory landscape around data privacy is rapidly changing with countries and states passing
new laws and regulations every year. Tracking and complying with these laws and regulations requires significant
time and expenses and could materially affect our business. By way of example and without limitation, these laws
may require updating of contracts, informed consent forms, clinical trial protocols and privacy notices; changes to
company procedures; limiting what personal information we collect, who has access to it and how/where we use
it; performing internal assessments; changes to the security and hosting solution of our systems; specific reporting
and remediation efforts in the event of a data breach; and even opening our business up for external assessments
by government bodies.


Given the variability and evolving state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the
new requirements, and we may face challenges in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in
their interpretation. Additionally, we may experience a reportable data breach (see —” Our information technology
systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result
in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization efforts ”). Any failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to significant administrative, civil or criminal
fines or other penalties and negatively impact our reputation. For severe violations, in some countries these laws
even allow courts and government agencies to delay or halt transfer of personal information, require deletion of
personal information, or even order we stop collection of personal information in that country. All of these could
materially harm our business, prospects, and financial condition or even disrupt our operations.


These laws apply not just to us, but also to those vendors working on our behalf, as well as our business partners.
Any actual or perceived failure of them to comply with these laws and regulations could impact the services they
provide to us, our collaborations with them and our reputation; additionally, there is a risk of liability flowing to us
under certain contractual and/or legal conditions.




110    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Compliance with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”),
Cybersecurity Review Measures, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PIPL”), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other
future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business.


China has implemented extensive data protection, privacy and information security rules and is considering a
number of additional proposals relating to these subject areas. We face significant uncertainties and risks related to
these laws, regulations and policies, some of which were only recently enacted, and the interpretation of these legal
requirements by government regulators as applied to biotechnology companies like us. For example, we do not
maintain, nor do we intend to maintain in the future, personally identifiable health information of patients in China.
We do, however, collect and maintain de-identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical trials in compliance
with local regulations. This data could be deemed “personal data” or “important data” by government regulators.
With China’s growing emphasis of its sovereignty over data derived from China, the outbound transmission of de-
identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical trials may be subject to the new national security legal regime,
including the Data Security Law, the Cyber Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Cyber Security
Law”), the PIPL, and various implementing regulations and standards.


China’s Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted based on “data
classification and hierarchical protection system” for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities in China
from transferring data stored in China to foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior
approval by the relevant PRC authority. The classification of data is based on its importance in economic and social
development, as well as the degree of harm expected to be caused to national security, public interests, or the
legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations if such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, or
illegally acquired or used.


The Cyber Security Law requires companies to take certain measures to ensure the security of their networks and
data stored on their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides that companies adopt an MLPS, under
which network operators are required to perform obligations of security protection to ensure that the network is
free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being disclosed, stolen or
tampered. The CAC released draft amendments to the Cyber Security Law in September 2022, which propose to
impose more stringent legal liabilities for violations. Under the MLPS, entities operating information systems must
have a thorough assessment of the risks and the conditions of their information and network systems to determine
the level to which the entity’s information and network systems belong, from the lowest Level 1 to the highest
Level 5 pursuant to a series of national standards on the grading and implementation of the classified protection of
cybersecurity. The grading result will determine the set of security protection obligations that entities must comply
with and when relevant government authority examination and approval is required.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          111
RISK FACTORS


Under the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law, we are required to establish and maintain a comprehensive
data and network security management system that will enable us to monitor and respond appropriately to data
security and network security risks. We are obligated to notify affected individuals and appropriate Chinese
regulators of and respond to any data security and network security incidents. Establishing and maintaining such
systems takes substantial time, effort and cost, and we may not be able to establish and maintain such systems
as fully as needed to ensure compliance with our legal obligations. Despite our investment, such systems may not
adequately protect us or enable us to appropriately respond to or mitigate all data security and network security
risks or incidents we may face.


Furthermore, under the Data Security Law, data categorized as “important data,” which will be determined by
governmental authorities in the form of catalogs, is to be processed and handled with a higher level of protection.
The notion of important data is not clearly defined by the Cyber Security Law or the Data Security Law. In order to
comply with the statutory requirements, we will need to determine whether we possess important data, monitor
the important data catalogs that are expected to be published by local governments and departments, perform
risk assessments and ensure we are complying with reporting obligations to applicable regulators. We may also be
required to disclose to regulators business sensitive or network security-sensitive details regarding our processing
of important data and may need to pass the government security review or obtain government approval in order to
share important data with offshore recipients, which can include foreign licensors, or share data stored in mainland
China with judicial and law enforcement authorities outside of mainland China. If judicial and law enforcement
authorities outside mainland China require us to provide data stored in mainland China, and we are not able to pass
any required government security review or obtain any required government approval to do so, we may not be able
to meet the foreign authorities’ requirements. The potential conflicts in legal obligations could have adverse impacts
on our operations in and outside of mainland China. PRC regulatory authorities have also enhanced the supervision
and regulation of cross-border data transmission. The Data Security Law prohibits entities and individuals in China
from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval
from competent PRC authority, and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation
of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fines, suspension of relevant business,
and revocation of business permits or licenses. Moreover, the CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security
Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission, which became effective as of September 1, 2022. According to
these measures, personal data processors are subject to security assessment prior to any cross-border transfer
of data if the transfer involves (i) important data; (ii) personal information transferred overseas by operators of
critical information infrastructure or a data processor that has processed personal data of more than one million
persons; (iii) personal information transferred overseas by a data processor who has already provided personal
data of 100,000 persons or sensitive personal data of 10,000 persons overseas since January 1 of last year; or (iv)
other circumstances as requested by the CAC. Any cross-border data transfer activities conducted in violation of
the Measures for the Security Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission before the effectiveness of these
measures are required to be rectified by March 2023. Though these measures have already taken effect, substantial
uncertainties still exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of these measures in practice and how
they will affect our business operation.




112    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


The CAC has taken action against several Chinese internet companies listed on U.S. securities exchanges for
alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information of Chinese data subjects.
According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law of the People’s
Republic of China (the “National Security Law”), the Cyber Security Law and the Cybersecurity Review Measures.
Effective February 15, 2022, the CAC, together with 12 other PRC governmental authorities, promulgated the
Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, pursuant to which critical information infrastructure operators procuring
network products and services and online platform operators carrying out data processing activities, which affect or
may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review. In addition, online platform operators possessing
personal information of more than one million users seeking to be listed on foreign stock markets must apply for
a cybersecurity review. The relevant competent governmental authorities may also initiate a cybersecurity review
against the relevant operators if the authorities believe that the network product or service or data processing
activities of such operators affect or may affect national security. There are still uncertainties as to the exact scope
of network product or service or data processing activities that will or may affect national security, and the PRC
government authorities may have discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these measures.


Additionally, the CAC published the draft Administrative Regulations on Cyber Data Security (“Draft Cyber Data
Security Regulations”), pursuant to which data processors shall apply for cybersecurity review if they engage in (i)
merger, reorganization or division of internet platform operators with significant data resources related to national
security, economic development or public interests that affects or may affect national security; (ii) overseas listing
while processing over one million users’ personal information; (iii) Hong Kong listing that affects or may affect
national security; or (iv) other data processing activities that affect or may affect national security. The Draft Cyber
Data Security Regulations further require data processors processing important data or going public overseas to
conduct annual data security self-assessment and submit an assessment report to the CAC before January 31 each
year. As the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations were released only for public comment, the final version and the
effective date thereof may be subject to change with substantial uncertainty.


It is unclear how widespread the cybersecurity review requirement and the enforcement action will be and what
effect they will have on the life sciences sector generally and the Company in particular. China’s regulators may
impose penalties for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of operations, and the imposition of any
such penalties on our business could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations, prospects and the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares, and could lead to
our delisting from the Nasdaq. As of the date of this report, we have not received any notice from any Chinese
regulatory authority identifying us as a “critical information infrastructure operator,” “online platform operator”
or “data processor,” or requiring us to go through the cybersecurity review procedures pursuant to the Revised
Cybersecurity Review Measures and the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations. However, there remains uncertainty
as to how the regulations if enacted as currently proposed, will be interpreted or implemented and whether the
Chinese regulatory authorities will adopt additional regulations. We intend to closely monitor the evolving laws and
regulations in this area and take all reasonable measures to mitigate compliance risks, we cannot guarantee that
our business and operations will not be adversely affected by the potential impact of the Revised Cybersecurity
Review Measures, the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations or other laws and regulations related to privacy, data
protection and information security.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          113
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of the PRC promulgated the PIPL, which
expands data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by
organizations and individuals in China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of
China if such processing is for purposes of providing products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the
behavior of, persons in China. The PIPL also provides that critical information infrastructure operators and personal
information processing entities that process personal information meeting a volume threshold are also required
to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment for any
export of such personal information. Lastly, the PIPL contains proposals for significant fines for serious violations of
up to RMB50 million, or 5% of annual revenues from the prior year, and penalties, including that companies found
to have violated the PIPL may be ordered to suspend any related activity.


Interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and
their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation or changes in
enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and the PIPL could significantly
increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or even
prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we
may operate in the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations
relating to privacy, data protection and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform
could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related
implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with such law or regulation, or any compromise of
security that results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the
perception or allegation that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our
reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines,
suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private claims or litigation, any of which could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our practices are not
subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created
by the Data Security Law and the recent Chinese government actions could materially adversely affect our ability,
on favorable terms, to raise capital in the U.S. and other markets in the future.




114    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, manufacture, sale
and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.


We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, manufacture,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, manufacture, promote, sell and distribute our products
may be subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses
and certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or parties on whom we rely to obtain
any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business, there can
be no assurance that we or parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by public health crises, natural
catastrophes, or other disasters outside of our control.


Our global operations and those of our third-party contractors and collaborators expose us to natural or man-
made disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, explosions, public health crises, such as epidemics
or pandemics, terrorist activity, wars, or other business interruptions outside of our control. Furthermore, we do
not maintain any insurance other than property insurance for some of our buildings, vehicles and equipment.
Accordingly, unexpected business interruptions resulting from disasters could disrupt our operations and thereby
result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. For example, our Guangzhou manufacturing facility was hit
by a typhoon in 2019 and although the typhoon did not cause material damage to the facility, the boundary area
and the adjacent land were flooded, causing a power outage for a few days. Afterwards, we built a gutter along the
boundary and installed waterproof electricity cables to fortify the facility and to help prevent future interruptions. A
significant disruption at either our Guangzhou or Suzhou manufacturing facilities, even on a short-term basis, could
impair our ability to timely produce products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position and results of operations.


Our production process requires a continuous supply of electricity. We have encountered power shortages
historically in China due to restricted power supply to industrial users during summers when the usage of electricity
is high and supply is limited or as a result of damage to the electricity supply network. Because the duration of
those power shortages was brief, they had no material impact on our operations. Longer interruptions of electricity
supply could result in lengthy production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and
the loss of production in progress. Any major suspension or termination of electricity or other unexpected business
interruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          115
RISK FACTORS


We also rely in part on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our medicines and drug candidates.
Our ability to obtain supplies of our medicines and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these
suppliers are affected by man-made or natural disasters, public health epidemics or other business interruptions
which could cause us to delay or cease development or commercialization of some or all of our medicines and drug
candidates. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research
and development of our drug candidates, and they may be affected by such business interruptions, government
shutdowns or withdrawn funding. For example, the ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can
be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, the ability to hire and retain
key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review
times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and
other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development
activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and
other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by
necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. If a prolonged government shutdown
occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact
our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue
our operations.


In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business and
our financial performance, including causing a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory
inspections of our development activities, regulatory filings or manufacturing operations. Our clinical development
and commercial efforts could be delayed or otherwise negatively impacted, as patients may be reluctant to go
to the hospitals to receive treatment, or our regulatory inspections or regulatory filings and approvals could be
delayed. We have already experienced delays in clinical trial recruitment. Additionally, the commercial or clinical
supply of our medicines and drug candidates could be negatively impacted due to reduced operations or a
shutdown of our or our third-party manufacturing facilities, distribution channels and transportation systems, or
shortages of raw materials and drug product.




116    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control
the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns.
The extent to which such measures are removed or new measures are put in place will depend upon how the
pandemic evolves, as well as the distribution of available vaccines, the rates at which they are administered and
the emergence of new variants of the virus. As needed, we have taken precautionary measures intended to help
minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including temporarily requiring many employees to work remotely
or suspending or limiting non-essential travel worldwide for our employees. These measures could negatively
affect our business. For instance, temporarily requiring all employees to work remotely may induce absenteeism
or employee turnover, disrupt our operations or increase the risk of a cybersecurity incident. COVID-19 has also
caused volatility in the global financial markets and threatened a slowdown in the global economy, which may
negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic may continue to impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain,
such as the duration of the pandemic, the severity of COVID-19, including the continued emergence of new variants,
developments or perceptions regarding the safety of vaccines, or any additional preventative and protective actions
taken to contain the pandemic or treat its impact. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at
this time and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks, included related environmental regulation, could
have a material adverse impact on our business operations, clients and customers.


The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to assess and predict. Our business and the activities of our
clients and customers could be impacted by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk
either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy,
including related environmental regulation of companies with respect to risks posed by climate change.


The physical impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and
severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to
health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other
adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities
and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the
operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. Furthermore, related environmental regulation
as a response to climate change could result in additional costs in the form of taxes and investments of capital to
maintain complacent with such laws. We bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or
destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may
be attributable to climate change and could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position or
results of operation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          117
RISK FACTORS


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.


We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our medicines in the United
States, China, Europe and other markets, and for the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug
candidates globally. For example, we may be sued if our medicines or drug candidates cause or are perceived to
cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any
such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to
warn of dangers inherent in the medicine, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be
asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain
indemnification from our collaborators for product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:
decreased demand for our medicines; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability
to continue clinical trials; initiation of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion
of our management’s time and resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product
recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available
insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize any medicine or drug candidate; and a decline in
our share price.


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.




118    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


We are subject to the risks and challenges of doing business globally, which may adversely affect our business
operations.


Our business is subject to risks and challenges associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our
business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a
specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes in laws
and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies and
procedures to operating environments different from that of the United States; difficulty of effective enforcement
of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in certain countries;
enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection measures or disputes,
import or export licensing requirements, and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges; laws
and regulations on foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the CFIUS and other agencies;
the effects of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; the impact of public health
epidemics on employees, our operations and the global economy; restrictions on international travel and commerce;
and significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates. In addition, in 2017 the United Kingdom Financial
Conduct Authority (“UKFCA”), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), announced that it
will no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator after 2021. On
November 30, 2020, the UKFCA announced a partial extension of this deadline, indicating its intention to cease the
publication of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings immediately following December 31, 2021, and
the remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. While various
replacement reference rates have been proposed, an alternative reference rate to LIBOR has not yet been widely
adopted. As such, the replacement of LIBOR could have an adverse effect on the market for, or value of, LIBOR-
linked financial instruments. Failure to manage these risks and challenges could negatively affect our ability to
expand our businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT         119
RISK FACTORS


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.


The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification
intended to address concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) and other perceived international tax
avoidance techniques as a result of both coordinated actions by governments, such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive
Framework on BEPS, and unilateral measures designed by individual countries. For example, the Cayman Islands
has enacted the International Tax Co-operation (Economic Substance) Law (2020 Revision) (the “Economic
Substance Law”), which originally took effect on January 1, 2019, and which is accompanied by Guidance on
Economic Substance for Geographically Mobile Activities (Version 2.0; April 30, 2019) published by the Cayman
Islands Tax Information Authority. The Economic Substance Law embraces a global initiative to combat BEPS
and demonstrates the continued commitment of the Cayman Islands to international best practice. The Economic
Substance Law provides that relevant entities that existed before January 1, 2019 and that had been conducting
relevant activities by that date must comply with the economic substance requirements from July 1, 2019, and
relevant entities that are established from January 1, 2019 onwards must comply with the requirements from
the date they commence the relevant activity. Although we believe that we currently are not obliged to meet the
economic substance requirements under the Economic Substance Law, we cannot predict any changes to the
legislation or its interpretation in the future. If we are obliged to meet certain economic substance requirements in
the future, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are required to make changes
to our business in order to gain compliance or if we fail to comply.


We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that
our rulings are consistent with accepted tax ruling practices, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be
predicted and could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.




120    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
United States or other governments and the significant oversight and discretion the PRC government has
over the conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and
expansion strategies.


Due to our operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be
influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes in
government relations between China and the United States or other governments. There is significant uncertainty
about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies, treaties,
government regulations and tariffs. China’s economy differs from the economies of other countries in many
respects, including with respect to the level of development, growth rate, amount of government involvement,
control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While China’s economy has experienced significant
growth over the past four decades, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic
sectors. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and
guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may have
a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected
by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable to us.
In addition, in the past the Chinese government implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases,
to manage the pace of economic growth and prevent the economy from overheating. These measures may cause
decreased economic activity in China, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.


The PRC government has the ability to exert substantial control over any offering of securities conducted
overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and, as a result, may limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless.


The PRC government has recently indicated its intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings
and other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies.
If the PRC authorities attempt to exercise such control or influence through regulation over our PRC subsidiaries,
we could be required to restructure our operations to comply with such regulations or potentially cease operations
in the PRC entirely, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any
such action, once taken by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or
continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme
cases, become worthless.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          121
RISK FACTORS


For example, the PRC government recently initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate
business operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing
supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using the variable interest entity structure, adopting new
measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
For example, in July 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Opinions on Intensifying Crack
Down on Illegal Securities Activities (the “Securities Opinions”), which emphasized the need to strengthen the
administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies
and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to
deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas listed companies.


Furthermore, in July 2021, the PRC government provided guidance on China-based companies raising capital
outside of China, including through arrangements called variable interest entities (“VIEs”). In light of such
developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to
register securities with the SEC. Most recently, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial
Measures and five relevant guidelines which will take effect from March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing
Trial Measures, where Chinese companies that have directly or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets
conduct follow-on offering of equity securities in such overseas markets, they shall fulfill the filing procedures with
and report relevant information to the CSRC. As the Overseas Listing Trial Measures have just been promulgated,
there are substantial uncertainties as to its interpretation and implementation. We cannot assure you that we would
not be deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. If we
are deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company but fail to complete the filing procedures with the
CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings or follow relevant reporting requirements thereunder, we may be subject
to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council. We are
currently evaluating the implications and potential impact of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and will continue to
closely monitor the interpretation and implementation of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. Due to our operations
in China and stock listings in and outside of China, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and any future PRC, U.S. or
other rules and regulations that place restrictions on capital raising could adversely affect our business and results
of operations and could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our ADSs or
ordinary shares to investors, and could cause the value of our ADSs or ordinary shares to significantly decline or
become worthless.




122    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


On February 24, 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on
Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the “Revised Confidentiality Provisions”), which will come into effect on March 31, 2023. According
to the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, Chinese companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings
and listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations on confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing,
either directly or through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities services providers. In the event such
materials contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, the Chinese companies shall first obtain
approval from authorities, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level with the approving
authority; in the event that such materials, if divulged, will jeopardize national security or public interest, the Chinese
companies shall comply with procedures stipulated by national regulations. The Chinese companies shall also
provide a written statement of the specific sensitive information provided when providing materials to securities
service providers, and such written statements shall be retained for inspection. As the Revised Confidentiality
Provisions were recently promulgated and has not taken effect, their interpretation and implementation remain
substantially uncertain.


Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operations, the ability
to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, since these
statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how the legislative or administrative regulation
making bodies will further respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and
interpretations will be further modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws
and regulations will have on our daily business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our
securities on a U.S., Hong Kong, or other stock exchanges. There are still substantial uncertainties as to how PRC
governmental authorities will regulate overseas listing in practice and whether we are required to obtain any specific
regulatory approvals from the CSRC, CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for our offshore offerings. If
the CSRC, CAC or other regulatory agencies later promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain
their approvals for our future offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or
at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could significantly limit or
completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, implementation of industry-wide regulations directly targeting our
operations could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors of our company face
potential uncertainty from actions taken by the PRC government affecting our business.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           123
RISK FACTORS


The audit reports included in our previous annual reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC have historically
been prepared by auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the
“PCAOB”), and as such, investors have previously been deprived of the benefits of such inspections.


Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, our auditor from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2021, is required to undergo regular
inspections by the PCAOB as an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm
registered with the PCAOB. Since Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP is located in China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB
had been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities, Ernst & Young Hua
Ming LLP has not been and is not currently inspected by the PCAOB. Additionally, because we have substantial
operations within the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was previously unable to conduct inspections without
the approval of the Chinese government authorities, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and the audit work that it has
carried out for us in the PRC has not historically been able to be inspected independently and fully by the PCAOB.


Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside the PRC have at times identified deficiencies in
those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection
process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in the PRC
prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating auditors’ audits and their quality control procedures. As a result, to
the extent that any components of our auditor’s work papers had been located in China, such work papers had
not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB. As a result, we and investors of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB
Shares had been deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors and potential
investors of our securities to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the
quality of our financial statements.


Our ADSs may be delisted and our ADSs and ordinary shares prohibited from trading in the over-the-counter
market to the extent the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is further revised or similar legislation is
enacted. The delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the
value of your investment.


As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access to audit and other information currently
protected by national law, in particular China’s, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“HFCAA”), was
signed into law in December 2020. The HFCAA states if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued
by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive
years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit securities from being traded on a national securities exchange
or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. On March 30, 2022, as expected following its adoption of
implementing rules pursuant to the HFCAA, the SEC added us to its conclusive list of issuers identified under
HFCAA, after being provisionally named as a Commission-Identified Issuer on March 8, 2022, following the filing of
our annual report on Form 10-K, which annual report was audited by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP. In December
2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“AHFCAA”) was signed into law, which
amended the HFCAA to shorten the three-year period to two years.




124    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


However, as our global business has expanded, we built substantial organizational capabilities outside of the PRC
and we have evaluated, designed and implemented business processes and control changes which has enabled
us to engage Ernst & Young LLP, located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, as our independent registered
public accounting firm for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. We expect that this will satisfy the PCAOB inspection requirements for the
audit of our consolidated financial statements, subject to compliance with SEC and other requirements prior to the
two-year deadline of the AHFCAA.


On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance
of the People’s Republic of China, for opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate completely
registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. The PCAOB staff members conducted on-
site inspections and investigations from September to November 2022. In December 2022, the PCAOB announced
that it has secured complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in
mainland China and Hong Kong and confirmed that until such time as the PCAOB issues any new determination,
there are no Commission-identified Issuers at risk of having their securities subject to a trading prohibition under
the HFCAA.


Given that Ernst and Young LLP (United States) now serves as the principal accountant to audit our consolidated
financial statements, we expect to be able to comply with the HFCAA and AHFCAA and certify that we have
retained a registered public accounting firm that the PCAOB has determined it is able to inspect or investigate,
Ernst & Young LLP (United States), which would preclude a further finding by the SEC that we are a Commission-
Identified Issuer and therefore the delisting of our ADSs from the Nasdaq Global Select Market.


Additionally, in October 2021, Nasdaq adopted additional listing criteria applicable to companies that primarily
operate in jurisdictions where local regulators impose secrecy laws, national security laws or other laws that restrict
U.S. regulators from accessing information relating to the issuer (a “Restrictive Market”). Under this rule, whether a
jurisdiction permits PCAOB inspection would be a factor in determining whether a jurisdiction is deemed by Nasdaq
to be a Restrictive Market. China will likely be determined to be a Restrictive Market and, as a result, Nasdaq may
impose on us additional continued listing criteria or deny continued listing of our securities on Nasdaq, and we
cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us
after considering the effectiveness of our auditor’s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of
personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to our audit.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          125
RISK FACTORS


However, these efforts may not be sufficient and ultimately may not be successful. We may also be subject to
enforcement under the HFCAA, the rules implementing the act that may be adopted by the SEC, and any other
similar legislation that may be enacted into law or executive orders that may be adopted in the future. Although we
are committed to complying with the rules and regulations applicable to listed companies in the United States, we
are currently unable to predict the potential impact on our listed status by any rules that may be adopted by the
SEC under the HFCAA in the future. If we failed to comply with those rules, it is possible that our ADSs would be
delisted. The risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact on the price
of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares. Delisting of our ADSs would force holders of our ADSs to sell their
ADSs or convert them into our ordinary shares, which are listed for trading on the HKEx. Although our ordinary
shares are listed in Hong Kong, investors may face difficulties in converting their ADSs into ordinary shares and
migrating the ordinary shares to Hong Kong, or may have to incur increased costs or suffer losses in order to do so.
Failure to adopt effective contingency plans may also have a material adverse impact on our business and the price
of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares.


Proceedings instituted by the SEC against five PRC-based accounting firms and any negative news about the
proceedings against these audit firms, including Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, could adversely affect the market
price of our ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares.


In 2012, the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five accounting firms in China, including Ernst &
Young Hua Ming LLP, alleging that they had refused to produce audit work papers and other documents related to
certain other PRC-based companies under investigation by the SEC. In 2014, an initial administrative law decision
was issued, censuring these accounting firms and suspending four of these firms from practicing before the SEC for
a period of six months. In 2015, each of the four PRC-based accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a fine
to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of their ability to practice before the SEC. These firms’ ability
to continue to serve their clients was not affected by the settlement. The settlement required these firms to follow
detailed procedures to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firms’ audit documents via the CSRC. If
these firms do not follow these procedures, the SEC could impose penalties such as suspensions, or it could restart
the administrative proceedings. Our audit committee has been aware of the policy restriction and communicated
with Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP to ensure compliance during the completion of our audits from fiscal year 2014
to fiscal year 2021. The settlement did not require these firms to admit to any violation of law and preserves these
firms’ legal defenses in the event the administrative proceeding is restarted. In the event that the SEC restarts
the administrative proceedings, depending upon the final outcome, listed companies in the United States with
major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC,
which could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the
Exchange Act, including possible delisting. Moreover, any negative news about the proceedings against these audit
firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding PRC-based, U.S.-listed companies and the market price of the
ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares may be adversely affected. As discussed above, we have engaged Ernst
& Young LLP, located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, as our independent registered public accounting
firm for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2022 to be filed with the SEC.




126    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations.


A large portion of our operations are conducted in China through our Chinese subsidiaries. Our Chinese subsidiaries
are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The Chinese legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for
reference but have limited precedential value.


In 1979, the Chinese government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations
governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly
enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China’s legal
system is still developing. The laws, rules and regulations are subject to interpretation and enforcement by PRC
regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, because
of the limited number of published decisions and the non-precedential nature of such decisions, and because
the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, the
interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent
and unpredictable. In addition, the legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some
of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. The regulations in
China can change quickly. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after
the occurrence of the violation.


China’s Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rule came into force in January 2020. The Foreign
Investment Law and its implementing rules embody an expected regulatory trend to rationalize China’s foreign
investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the
legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. There are still uncertainties with respect to the
interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules. For example, the
Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules provide that foreign invested entities established according
to the previous laws regulating foreign investment prior to its implementation may maintain their structure and
corporate governance for a five-year transition period. It is uncertain whether governmental authorities may require
us to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our Chinese subsidiaries in such transition
period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to meet any of these or similar regulatory requirements
could materially affect our current corporate governance practices and business operations and our compliance
costs may increase significantly. In addition, the Security Review Rules, effective from January 18, 2021, embody
China’s continued efforts to provide a legal regime for national security review comparable to similar procedures
in other jurisdictions, such as CFIUS review in the United States. There are still uncertainties with respect to the
interpretation, implementation and enforcement of the Security Review Rules. For example, national security
remains undefined and there is no clear guidance on whether the biotechnology industry requires security review
and what factors the regulatory authority may consider in determining whether there are security concerns. It is
difficult to evaluate the impact of the Security Review Rules on our existing investments or potential investments in
China.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          127
RISK FACTORS


It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. In China,
there are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or
litigations initiated outside China. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in
March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection
activities within the PRC territory. According to the Revised Confidentiality and Archives Administration Provisions,
where overseas securities regulators or relevant competent authorities request to inspect, investigate or collect
evidence from Chinese domestic companies concerning their overseas offering and listing or their securities firms
and securities service providers that undertake securities business for such Chinese domestic companies, such
inspection, investigation and evidence collection must be conducted under the cross-border regulatory cooperation
mechanism, and the CSRC or competent authorities of the Chinese government will provide necessary assistance
pursuant to bilateral and multilateral cooperation mechanism. Although the authorities in China may establish
a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to
implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities
in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of a mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. While
detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an
overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigations or evidence collection activities within China may
further increase the difficulties you face in protecting your interests. For risks associated with investing in us as
a Cayman Islands company, see also “— Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares — We
are a Cayman Islands company. Because judicial precedent regarding the rights of shareholders is more limited
under Cayman Islands law than under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law, our shareholders may have fewer
shareholder rights than they would have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in
protecting their interests.”


Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and management attention. Since administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in
interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome
of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal
systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


In addition, the PRC government has announced its plans to enhance its regulatory oversight of China-based
companies listed overseas and cross-border law enforcement cooperation. The Securities Opinions called for:


•     tightening oversight of data security, cross-border data flow and administration of classified information,
      as well as amendments to relevant regulation to specify responsibilities of overseas listed China-based
      companies with respect to data security and information security;


•     enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by China-
      based companies; and


•     extraterritorial application of China’s securities laws.




128     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


There are great uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Securities Opinions and
the newly promulgated Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The PRC government may promulgate relevant laws,
rules and regulations to impose additional and significant obligations and liabilities on overseas listed China-
based companies regarding data security, cross-border data flow, and compliance with China’s securities laws.
As a company with operations in China and stock listings in and outside of China, it is uncertain whether or how
these laws, rules and regulations and their interpretation and implementation may affect us. However, among other
things, our ability to obtain external financing through the issuance of equity securities overseas could be adversely
affected if restrictions on overseas fundraising are imposed on companies like us.


The filing or other procedures with, the CSRC or other Chinese regulatory authorities may be required in
connection with issuing our equity securities to foreign investors under Chinese law, and, if required, we cannot
predict whether we will be able, or how long it will take us, to complete such filing or other procedures. If we fail
to complete a filing with the CSRC, our future offering application may be impacted and we may be subject to
penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council.


Pursuant to the Securities Opinions, Chinese regulators are required to accelerate rulemaking related to the
overseas issuance and listing of securities outside of China, and update the existing laws and regulations related
to data security, cross-border data flow, and administration of classified information. The Securities Opinions
emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the need to strengthen
the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies.


Numerous regulations, guidelines and other measures have been or are expected to be adopted under the umbrella
of or in addition to the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law. As there are still uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and implementation of such regulatory guidance, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to
comply with new regulatory requirements relating to our future overseas capital-raising activities outside of China
and we may become subject to more stringent requirements with respect to matters including data privacy and
cross-border investigation and enforcement of legal claims.


Furthermore, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant
guidelines, which will take effect from March 31, 2023, requiring Chinese companies that have already directly
or indirectly offered and listed securities in overseas markets to fulfil their filing obligations and report relevant
information to the CSRC within three working days after conducting a follow-on offering of equity securities on
the same overseas market. As the Overseas Listing Trial Measures are newly promulgated and have not yet come
into effect, their interpretation and implementation are subject to substantial uncertainty. After the effectiveness of
the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, we may have to go through the filing process for any follow-on offerings we
conduct on the NASDAQ Global Select Market or Hong Kong Stock Exchange within three working days of the
completion of our follow-on offerings. If we fail to complete a filing with the CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings,
we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State
Council.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          129
RISK FACTORS


As of the date of this report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanction regarding completing
filing or other procedures in connection with offering our equity securities on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
or Hong Kong Stock Exchange from the CSRC or any other Chinese regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction
over our operations. However, there remains significant uncertainty as to the interpretation and implementation of
regulatory requirements related to securities offerings and other capital markets activities outside of China. If it is
determined in the future that the filing or other procedure with the CSRC or any other regulatory authority is required
for issuing our equity securities on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or Hong Kong Stock Exchange, it is uncertain
whether we will be able to and how long it would take for us to complete the filing or other procedure, despite
our best efforts. If we, for any reason, are unable to complete, or experience significant delays in completing, the
requisite relevant filing or other procedure(s), we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other Chinese regulatory
authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability
to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of funds into
China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares. In addition,
if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate new rules requiring that we obtain their approvals or
complete filing or other procedures for any future public offerings on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such requirements, if and when procedures are
established to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such a requirement could
have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares.


To operate our general business activities currently conducted in China, each of our Chinese subsidiaries is
required to obtain a business license from the local counterpart of the SAMR. Each of our Chinese subsidiaries
has obtained a valid business license from the local counterpart of the SAMR, and no application for any such
license has been denied. The pharmaceutical industry in which we operate is also highly regulated in China. Our
Chinese subsidiaries are required to obtain applicable licenses from competent Chinese government authorities
for our operations in China, including drug manufacturing licenses, drug trade license, clinical trial authorizations,
drug registration certificates, licenses for use of experimental animals, pollutant discharge licenses and permits for
urban sewage discharge into drainage pipe network. We believe our PRC subsidiaries have obtained all applicable
licenses and permits which are material to our business operations in China.




130    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions conducted by foreign investors, which
could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions set forth additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities of PRC-based companies by foreign investors more time-
consuming and complex. See also “— Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations — We incur
significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote
substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial
reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these requirements.” These rules,
among others, specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security”
concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over
domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the
rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by structuring the transaction through, among
other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements. Although we believe that our business is not
in an industry related to national security, we cannot preclude the possibility that the competent PRC government
authorities may publish explanations contrary to our understanding or broaden the scope of such security reviews
in the future, in which case our future acquisitions and investment in the PRC, including those by way of entering
into contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Moreover,
according to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the SAMR shall be notified in advance of any concentration of undertaking if
certain filing thresholds are triggered. We may grow our business in part by acquiring complementary businesses
in China. Complying with the requirements of the laws and regulations mentioned above and other PRC regulations
to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining
approval from the SAMR, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our
ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share. Our ability to expand our business or
maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely
affected.


In December 2020, the NDRC and the MOFCOM promulgated the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures,
which came into effect on January 18, 2021. Under the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, investments
in military, national defense-related areas or in locations in proximity to military facilities, or investments that would
result in acquiring the actual control of assets in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy
and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure, transport, cultural products and services, IT, Internet
products and services, financial services and technology sectors, are required to be approved by designated
governmental authorities in advance. As these measures are recently promulgated, official guidance has not been
issued by the designated office in charge of such security review yet, therefore there are great uncertainties with
respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures. If any of
our business operations were to fall under the foregoing categories, we would need to take further actions in order
to comply with these laws, regulations and rules, which may materially and adversely affect our current corporate
structure, business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           131
RISK FACTORS


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends and other
distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur.
If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC
subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside
at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the
aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed
to us as dividends until the liquidation of the enterprise. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may
allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a
staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted
from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31,
2022, these restricted assets totaled US$3.5 billion.


Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.


In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in
the fourth quarter of 2016, the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and China’s State Administration of Foreign
Exchange (“SAFE”) promulgated a series of capital control measures, including stricter vetting procedures for
domestic companies to remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments and shareholder loan
repayments.


The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting
process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and
the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of
payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.




132    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced
income of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC
resident enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign
investor’s jurisdiction of tax residency has a tax treaty with China that provides for a reduced withholding rate
arrangement and such non-PRC resident enterprises constitute the beneficiary of such income.


Pursuant to an arrangement between mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Hong
Kong Tax Treaty”) and relevant tax regulations of the PRC, subject to certain conditions, a reduced withholding tax
rate of 5% will be available for dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient holds at least 25% shares of
the PRC entities and can demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the beneficial owner of the dividends.
The China government has adopted multiple regulations which stipulate that in determining whether a non-resident
enterprise has the status as a beneficial owner, comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors
listed therein and the actual circumstances of the specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it
expressly excludes an agent or a designated payee from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” We own the
PRC subsidiaries through BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (“BeiGene HK”), a company incorporated under the
laws of Hong Kong on November 22, 2010 and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. BeiGene HK currently
does not hold a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, and there is
no assurance that the reduced withholding tax rate will be available.


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.


Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management bodies”
as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production and
operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, PRC regulations specify that
certain Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws
of foreign countries or territories and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling
shareholders, will be classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii)
financial and personnel decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes
of board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having
voting rights.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT           133
RISK FACTORS


Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of these regulations,
in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the regulations to
evaluate the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC.


We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any
of our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise. However, the tax resident status of
an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the
interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman
Islands holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable
PRC tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our
worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. If we are deemed a PRC
resident enterprise, dividends paid on our shares and any gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares
may be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident
enterprise ADS holders or shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the
case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS
holders or shareholders from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of
10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders), which may be reduced or exempted
according to relevant tax treaties between PRC and the non-PRC resident enterprise/individual ADS holders’ or
shareholders’ tax resident jurisdictions.


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.


Pursuant to Chinese regulations, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC
resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC
taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial
purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value
of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of
the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly
derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable




134    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration
of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction by direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar
arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to
be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred
and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer
relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place
of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to
available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable
tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public
stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax where such shares were acquired in a transaction
through a public stock exchange. As such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange will
not be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs originally purchased
from a stock exchange by a non-PRC resident enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC
enterprise income tax under these regulations.


There are uncertainties as to the application of these regulations, which may be determined by the tax authorities
to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are
involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation,
while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises
and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with these regulations or to establish
that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these regulations, for our previous and future
restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.


The PRC tax authorities have the discretion to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the
difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under these regulations, our income tax
costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          135
RISK FACTORS


Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.


The PRC government imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase
foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in
RMB, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated
in RMB to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of
our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to
limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities
or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our
subsidiaries.


Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local governments.
Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.


Local governments in the PRC have granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC subsidiaries
as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of
government financial incentives are determined within the sole discretion of the local government authorities and
cannot be predicted with certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have
the ability to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or
eliminate incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a project
basis and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial
incentive agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy
all relevant conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of
the continued availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of
incentives would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.




136    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-resident beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.


We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of equity
incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the PRC regulations, according to which, employees, directors,
supervisors and other management members participating in any share incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed
company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a domestic qualified
agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures.
We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our
directors and employees under PRC law. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration
requirements could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions.


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates.


A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new medicines. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China for
pharmaceutical companies has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe
our strategies regarding research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are aligned with
the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies. Any such
change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the successful
research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or medicines in China and
reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing medicines in China.


Chinese authorities have become increasingly vigilant in enforcing laws affecting the pharmaceutical industry. Any
failure by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations or obtain and maintain
required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or termination of our business activities in China.
Reports of what have come to be viewed as significant quality-control failures by Chinese vaccine manufacturers
have led to enforcement actions against officials responsible for implementing national reforms favorable to
innovative drugs (such as ours). While not directly affecting us, this macro-industry event could cause state or
private resources to be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory enforcement,
which could adversely affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities and
increase our compliance costs.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          137
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares


The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
substantial losses to you.


The trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile and fluctuate widely in
response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: announcements of regulatory
approval or a complete response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes
or delays in the regulatory review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions,
strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by
regulatory agencies with respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities;
any adverse changes to our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical
trials; the results of our efforts to acquire or license additional medicines or drug candidates; variations in the
level of expenses related to our existing medicines and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and
commercialization programs; any intellectual property infringement actions in which we may become involved;
announcements concerning our competitors or the pharmaceutical industry in general; the performance and
fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with significant business operations in China that have listed
their securities in Hong Kong, Shanghai or the United States; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing
expenses and profitability; manufacture, supply or distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations;
announcements about our results of operations that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is
enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry
metrics by third parties, including government statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or
financial analysts; changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true,
about our business, our competitors or our industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations
of exchange rates between the RMB, the U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other
transfer restrictions on our outstanding ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares; sales or perceived potential sales
of additional ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares by us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders;
general economic and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the United States, Hong Kong or Shanghai
equity markets; changes in accounting principles; trade disputes or U.S.-China government relations; and changes
or developments in the United States, PRC, EU or global regulatory environment.


In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares, regardless of our actual operating performance.




138    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of capital markets in the United States, Hong Kong and Shanghai are different, which may
cause volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares.


Our ordinary shares are listed on the HKEx in Hong Kong under the stock code “06160”, our ADSs are listed on the
Nasdaq in the United States under the symbol “BGNE”, and our RMB Shares are listed on the STAR Market in the
PRC under the stock code “688235”. Under current PRC laws and regulations, our ADSs and ordinary shares listed
on the Nasdaq and the HKEx are not interchangeable or fungible with the RMB Shares listed on the STAR Market,
and there is no trading or settlement between either the Nasdaq or the HKEx on the one hand, and the STAR
Market on the other hand. The three markets have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading
volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional
participation). As a result of these major differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB
Shares might not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due
to circumstances peculiar to its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary
shares and/or RMB Shares, and vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S., Hong Kong and
Shanghai equity markets, the historic market prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares may not be
indicative of the performance of our securities going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.


Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to an
increased incidence of securities class action litigation, particularly in our industry in recent years. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares in the public market could cause the ordinary
share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to fall.


The price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
the ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at
a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.


As of February 14, 2023, 1,356,140,180 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
863,876,312 ordinary shares were held in the form of 66,452,024 ADSs, each representing 13 ordinary shares, and
115,055,260 were RMB Shares.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            139
RISK FACTORS


We filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders on May 11, 2020,
registering 300,197,772 ordinary shares, including 224,861,338 ordinary shares in the form of 17,297,026 ADSs to
be resold by the selling shareholders identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to time.
Amgen also has specified registration rights upon expiration of a lock-up period. Furthermore, we have registered
or plan to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may issue in the future under our
equity compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share units and
under our employee share purchase plan. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be
sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares could decline.


In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs, RMB Shares, or other equity or debt
securities convertible into ordinary shares, ADSs, or RMB Shares in connection with a financing, acquisition,
license, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial
dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause the ordinary share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to decline.


The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may adversely affect the liquidity and value of
our ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares.


Our ADSs are traded on the Nasdaq, our existing ordinary shares maintained on our Cayman register in Cayman
Islands and Hong Kong register in Hong Kong, are traded on the HKEx, and our RMB Shares are traded on the
STAR Market. The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may dilute the liquidity of these
securities in one or all three markets and may adversely affect the maintenance of an active trading market for ADSs
in the United States, the ordinary shares in Hong Kong, and/or the RMB Shares in the PRC. The price of our ADSs,
ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares could also be adversely affected by trading of our securities on other markets.
We may decide at some point in the future to delist our RMB Shares from the STAR Market, and our shareholders
may approve such delisting. We cannot predict the effect such delisting of our RMB Shares on the STAR Market
would have on the market price of our ADSs on the Nasdaq or our ordinary shares on the HKEx.


We face increased regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs due to our listing on the STAR Market of the SSE.


We are subject to the applicable laws, rules and regulations governing public companies listed on the STAR Market
in addition to the various laws, rules and regulations that we are subject to in the United States and Hong Kong.
The listing and trading of our equity securities in multiple jurisdictions and multiple markets will lead to increased
compliance obligations and costs for us, and we may face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory
authorities in these jurisdictions and markets, such as inquiries, investigations, enforcement actions and other
regulatory proceedings by regulatory authorities. In addition, we may be subject to securities litigation filed with the
courts in China by the investors with respect to the RMB Shares traded on the STAR Market.




140    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares for return on your investment.


We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares as a source for any future dividend
income.


Our board of directors has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors
decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on,
among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the
amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual and
regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on
your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares will likely depend entirely upon any future price
appreciation of the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. There is no guarantee that the ordinary shares,
ADSs and/or RMB Shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. You may not realize a return on your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs
and/or RMB Shares and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares and trading
volume could decline.


The trading market for the ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do
not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease
coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares to
decline significantly.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          141
RISK FACTORS


Because we are a Cayman Islands company, our shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights than they
would have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting their interests.


We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are
governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be further amended
from time to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands.
This common law is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well
as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on courts in the Cayman Islands.
The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not
as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong Kong,
mainland China and the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities
law than Hong Kong, mainland China or the United States. In addition, some states in the United States, such as
Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands.


In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders, with the
exception that shareholders may request a copy of the current amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated articles of association to determine
whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but
are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for shareholders to
obtain the information needed to establish facts necessary for a shareholder action or to solicit proxies from other
shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman Islands company, we may not have standing to
initiate a derivative action in a Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal court. As a result, shareholders may be
limited in their ability to protect their interests if they are harmed in a manner that would otherwise enable them to
sue in a United States federal court. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
to initiate a shareholder derivative action in Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal courts.


Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the United States and a substantial
portion of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or
impossible for shareholders to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the United
States in the event that shareholders believe that their rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong
Kong, the United States or otherwise. In addition, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of
China. To the extent our directors and executive officers reside outside of China or their assets are located outside
of China, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management inside
China. Even if shareholders are successful in bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may
render them unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is
no statutory recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong or China,
although the courts of the Cayman Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits.




142    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


As a result of the above, shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as shareholders of
a Hong Kong company, a Chinese company or a U.S. company.


Voting rights of our ADS holders are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for the ADSs
will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares underlying our ADS holders’ ADSs if they do not
vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect their interests.


Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs only
in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from ADS holders
in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote the holder’s
underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum
notice period required for convening an annual general meeting is 21 calendar days and the minimum notice period
required for convening an extraordinary general meeting is 14 calendar days. When a general meeting is convened,
ADS holders may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit them to withdraw their ordinary
shares to allow them to cast their vote with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary
and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to ADS holders or carry out their voting instructions in a
timely manner. We will make reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to our ADS holders
in a timely manner, but our ADS holders may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can vote or
instruct their agent to vote their shares.


Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, ADS holders may not
be able to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs are
not voted as they requested.


Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying ADS holders’ ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if such holders do not give voting instructions to
the depositary, unless:


•     we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related voting materials;


•     we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


•     we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
      meeting; or


•     a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          143
RISK FACTORS


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if ADS holders fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, they
cannot prevent the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above,
and it may make it more difficult for such ADS holders to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares
are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association include provisions that could limit the ability
of others to acquire control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage in change-of-
control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell
their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control
in a tender offer or similar transaction.


For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue preferred
shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our board of
directors authorizes the issuance of preferred shares, the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall
and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely
affected.


Furthermore, our amended and restated articles of association permit our directors to vary all or any of the rights
attaching to any class of shares in issue without the consent of shareholders but only if such variation is considered
by the directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such holders. The amended and restated articles of
association provide that the holders must consent to any such material adverse changes in the manner set out
therein.


Because our directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each, shareholders can
only elect or remove a limited number of our directors in any given year. The length of these terms could present
an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control, which could be in the interest of our
shareholders.




144     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association designate specific courts as the sole and
exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which
could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of Cayman Islands will be the sole and exclusive forum for any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any director, officer or other employee of us to us or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time, or the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or any action asserting a claim governed by the
internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the U.S. laws). In connection with our offering and
listing on the STAR Market, our shareholders approved the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, which became effective on December 15, 2021. The Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the federal district courts of the United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In addition,
the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities is deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions; provided, however, that shareholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our
compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and rules and regulations thereunder.


These provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we
may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any shareholder bringing an
unsuccessful action against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection
with such unsuccessful action.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under certain circumstances
the fees, costs, and expenses that we incur in connection with actions or proceedings brought by any person or
entity, which we refer to as claiming parties, may be shifted to such person or entity. If a claiming party asserts
any claim; initiates any proceeding; or joins, offers substantial assistance to, or has a direct financial interest in any
claim or proceeding against us, and such claiming party or the third party that received substantial assistance from
the claiming party or in whole claim the claiming party had a direct financial interest is unsuccessful in obtaining
a judgment on the merits in which the claiming party prevails, then such claiming party shall (to the fullest extent
permitted by law) be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to all
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses, that we may incur in connection with such claim or
proceeding.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           145
RISK FACTORS


Fee-shifting articles are relatively new and untested in the Cayman Islands, the United States, Hong Kong and
mainland China. The case law and potential legislative action on fee-shifting articles are evolving and there exists
considerable uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative responses to, such articles.
The application of our fee-shifting article in connection with claims under the Cayman Islands, the United States,
Hong Kong or Chinese securities laws, if any, will depend in part on future developments of the law. We cannot
assure you that we will or will not invoke our fee-shifting article in any particular dispute. Consistent with our
directors’ fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of the Company, the directors may in their sole discretion from
time to time decide whether or not to enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the law related to
fee-shifting articles, such as ours, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with
respect to such articles, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.


If a shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment sought, the attorneys’
fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party may be significant. This fee-shifting
article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or former shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating
lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by potential
plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent our shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from representing
our shareholders at all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the management and
direction of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.


Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.


ADSs are transferable only on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may
refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary
are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law,
government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, as amended, or for any
other reason, subject to ADS holders’ right to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares.
Temporary delays in the cancellation of ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares may arise because
the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books, the transfer of ordinary shares is
blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.


In addition, holders of ADSs may not be able to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares
when they owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order
to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or
other deposited securities.




146     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions
of securities other than ADSs, and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable
beneficial owner in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.


Dealings in ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to Hong Kong
stamp duty. There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
the ADSs.


In connection with our Hong Kong public offering in 2018, we established a branch register of members in Hong
Kong (the “Hong Kong share register”). Our ordinary shares that are traded on the HKEx, including those that may
be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these ordinary shares
on the HKEx are subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS to ordinary share conversion and trading
between the Nasdaq and the HKEx, we moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share
register to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects a sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.2% of the greater of the consideration for, or the
value of, shares transferred, with 0.1% payable by each of the buyer and the seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or conversion
of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have maintained all or a
portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers.
However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-
listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is
subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong
Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of the ADSs, the
trading price and the value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          147
RISK FACTORS


Holders of ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available.


The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian
for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses.
ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that their ADSs
represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making such payments or distributions if it is unlawful or
impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a
distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act, but that
are not properly registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. The depositary is
not responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if any government approval or registration
required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made by the depositary. We have no
obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to
holders of the ADSs. This means that holders of ADSs may not receive the distributions we make on our ordinary
shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to such holders. These
restrictions may materially reduce the value of our ADSs.


Holders of ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings.


From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.




148    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares and deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares.


Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 55% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 14, 2023. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares, ADSs,
and/or RMB Shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition,
these persons could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.


A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (“PFIC”) for any taxable year
if either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of the
average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the composition of our income and assets, we believe that we were not a PFIC for the taxable year
ended December 31, 2022. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect to
each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, including our use of
proceeds from any equity offerings, and the value of our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to
the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares, which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we
may be a PFIC in any taxable year. The determination of whether we will be or become a PFIC may also depend,
in part, on how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets and the cash raised in equity offerings. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased United States income tax on gain recognized on the
sale or other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or
ADSs to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the United States federal income
tax rules. In addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          149
RISK FACTORS


Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we generally will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.


Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation” (“CFC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income for
U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income” and
investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each Ten
Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,” which
is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for U.S.
federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is
not entirely certain.


Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in the future. Holders are
urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the consequences thereof.




150     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                           FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                           2018           2019             2020           2021           2022
                                                       US$’000        US$’000           US$’000      US$’000         US$’000
Operating results
Product revenue, net                                    130,885        222,596          308,874       633,987       1,254,612
Collaboration revenue                                    67,335        205,616                –       542,296         161,309
Total revenues                                          198,220        428,212          308,874     1,176,283       1,415,921
Gross profit                                            169,515        357,022          238,217     1,011,377       1,129,446
Loss before tax                                         689,829        943,586       1,618,194      1,438,588       1,961,037
Net Loss                                                674,033        950,578      1,628,591       1,457,816       2,003,815
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                  673,769        948,628      1,624,974       1,457,816       2,003,815
Profitability
Gross margin (%)                                           86%             83%             77%            86%            80%
Net loss margin (%)                                      -340%          -222%            -527%         -124%           -142%


                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                           2018           2019            2020           2021            2022
                                                       US$’000        US$’000           US$’000      US$’000         US$’000
Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash             740,713        620,775      1,390,005       4,382,887       3,875,037
Short-term investments                               1,068,509         364,728      3,268,725       2,241,962         665,251
Working capital                                      1,697,390         862,384      3,885,491       6,014,325       3,738,550
Total assets                                         2,249,684       1,612,289      5,534,795       8,535,525      6,379,290
Total liabilities                                       496,037        633,934      1,731,514       2,402,962      1,995,935
Non-controlling interest                                 14,445         16,150                –               –              –
Total equity (deficit)                               1,753,647         978,355      3,803,281       6,132,563      4,383,355

(1)   Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
      were filed with SEC.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2022    ANNUAL REPORT           151
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OVERVIEW


We are a global biotechnology company that is developing and commercializing innovative and affordable oncology
medicines to improve treatment outcomes and access for patients worldwide.


We currently have three approved medicines that were discovered and developed in our own labs, including
BRUKINSA®, a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) for the treatment of various blood
cancers; tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various solid tumor and blood
cancers; and pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2. We have obtained approvals
to market BRUKINSA in the United States, China, EU, the UK, Canada, Australia and additional international
markets, and tislelizumab in China. By leveraging our China commercial capabilities, we have in-licensed the
rights to distribute 13 approved medicines for the China market. Supported by our global clinical development and
commercial capabilities, we have entered into collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such
as Amgen and Novartis to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


We are committed to advancing best and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-minded partners
to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Our internal clinical development
capabilities are deep, including a more than 2,700-person global clinical development team that is running close to
80 ongoing or planned clinical trials in over 50 medicines and drug candidates. This includes more than 30 pivotal
or potentially registration-enabling trials across our portfolio, including our three internally discovered, approved
medicines. We have enrolled in our clinical trials more than 18,000 subjects, of which approximately one-half have
been outside of China.


We have built, and are expanding, our internal manufacturing capabilities through our state-of-the-art biologic and
small molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand of our medicines,
and are building a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey. We also work
with high quality CMOs to manufacture our internally developed clinical and commercial products.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization of over 9,000 employees in 29
countries and regions, including the United States, China, Europe, and Australia.




152    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RECENT DEVELOPMENTS


On February 24, 2023, we announced that the NMPA granted approval for our PD-1 inhibitor, tislelizumab, in
combination with fluoropyrimidine and platinum chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with locally
advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1
expression.


On January 19, 2023, we announced that FDA approved our Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor BRUKINSA
(zanubrutinib) for the treatment of adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (“CLL”) or small lymphocytic
lymphoma (“SLL”).


On January 19, 2023, we announced that the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency granted
marketing authorizations for BRUKINSA in Great Britain for both the treatment of adult patients with CLL and the
treatment of adult patients with marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) who have received at least one prior anti-CD20-
based therapy.


On January 18, 2023, we announced that the National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) released by China’s
National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”) was updated to include four new indications for our PD-1
inhibitor tislelizumab. KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib), a proteosome inhibitor licensed-in from Amgen, is included for the
first time and XGEVA® (denosumab), a RANKL inhibitor and another Amgen asset, successfully renewed this year.
The updated NRDL will officially take effect on March 1, 2023.


On December 30, 2022, we announced that the Center for Drug Evaluation of the China National Medical Products
Administration accepted a supplemental biologics license application for tislelizumab in patients with first-line
unresectable or metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma.


On November 17, 2022, we announced that the European Commission approved BRUKINSA for the treatment of
adult patients with treatment-naïve or relapsed/refractory (“R/R”) CLL.


On November 10, 2022, we announced that BRUKINSA was approved in Brazil for the treatment of adult patients
with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (“WM”) and adult patients with R/R MZL who have received at least one
anti-CD20-based regimen.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         153
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to transform the biotech
industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients around the world.
We have made significant progress towards accomplishing this vision over our first 12 years and have five strategic
competitive advantages positioning us for success both near- and long-term:


1.    We have built one of the world’s largest, most productive and cost-effective oncology research teams
      with more than 950 scientists. Their efforts have been validated by commercial approvals, clinical data,
      and collaborations that have secured US$1.4 billion in collaboration payments to the company. We have
      successfully developed three commercially approved medicines from our internal discovery engine, including
      BRUKINSA and tislelizumab. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis or
      a first-in-class mechanism of action. Our lead medicine, BRUKINSA, has demonstrated superiority for both
      progression-free survival and overall response rate versus ibrutinib in relapsed or refractory CLL. Our broad
      pipeline also includes internally developed products with the potential to be best-in-class or first-in-class,
      including our BCL-2 inhibitor, BGB-11417, our HPK1 inhibitor, BGB-15025, and BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted
      CDAC program that has demonstrated its potential with early data. Our pipeline also includes many early-
      stage assets for targets like OX40, LAG-3, and TIM-3. We have invested in technology platforms, including
      CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, ADC, CAR-NK, and mRNA. Our
      research and innovation capabilities will ensure we discover high-quality and impactful medicines for patients.


2.    We have built a substantial global clinical development team of 2,300 people on five continents, allowing
      us to run clinical trials predominantly without reliance on third party CROs. Clinical development accounts for
      over 75% of the cost and most of the time to develop a medicine. We believe that by fully integrating these
      capabilities, we can create a strategic competitive advantage. By retaining clinical development activities
      internally, we can decrease the costs of our trials, increase enrollment speed, and leverage technology to
      ensure quality and consistency across trials and clinical sites. It also allows us to become more inclusive in the
      location and number of clinical sites to help improve the diversity of patients in our trials. Our demonstrated
      ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is one of our most important strategic competitive
      advantages and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical industry.




154    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


3.   We have built a strong commercial portfolio, centered around two cornerstone medicines, BRUKINSA
     and tislelizumab, that are becoming primary revenue sources and will support the development of our future
     pipeline and additional combination therapies. Our hematological franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which
     is supported by a broad clinical program with over 4,800 patients in 35 trials in 29 markets. We ran two
     extensive head-to-head studies versus ibrutinib with over 800 patients enrolled. We are the first and only
     BTK inhibitor to demonstrate superior efficacy versus ibrutinib, and the data from the head-to-head ALPINE
     trial were selected for the prestigious late-breaker session at the American Society of Hematology (“ASH”)
     meeting in late 2022, with simultaneous publication in The New England Journal of Medicine. Based on
     the pooled safety data generated from our trials, we have shown a very favorable safety profile, especially
     when compared to ibrutinib in cardiovascular safety, including atrial fibrillation, ventricle arrhythmia, and
     hypertension. We believe BRUKINSA allows us to build a strong position in heme-oncology with our pipeline
     medicines, including our BCL-2 inhibitor, in both monotherapy and combination settings. Our solid tumor
     franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, tislelizumab, which is currently approved in China in
     ten indications. Tislelizumab has achieved the commercial market leader position in China in the PD-1/PDL-
     1 class. Outside of China, in conjunction with our partner Novartis, we have filed applications for approval in
     the U.S. and EU. With tislelizumab and the potentially best-in-class or first-in-class pipeline assets targeting
     OX40, TIGIT, LAG-3, and TIM-3, we are well-positioned to build our immuno-oncology business and deliver
     innovative therapies and combinations to patients.


4.   We have a differentiated international commercial organization of over 3,500 people to deliver medicines
     to patients around the globe. In China, the commercial team is actively driving the uptake of our internally
     developed and partnered medicines across solid tumors and hematology. BRUKINSA and tislelizumab have
     achieved market leadership positions in China in the BTKi and PD-1/PDL-1 classes, respectively, and we have
     launched and sell more than 13 products from our business partners around the globe. In North America,
     our U.S. team has continued to grow BRUKINSA sales as we launch new indications and expand to Canada.
     In Europe, we have built a targeted commercial team focused on medical thought leaders in blood cancer
     treatments. Altogether, BRUKINSA has been approved in over 65 markets, with additional filings pending
     or planned. Our strategy is to commercialize our medicines broadly throughout the world. Our commercial
     capabilities have expanded into the Asia Pacific region through our affiliates, the Latin America region, and
     other emerging markets through distribution partners. We have built a global commercial organization that
     will drive the delivery of highly effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe, and will
     collaborate with business partners to bridge health inequities.


5.   We have financial strength. In a time when the cost of capital has risen, we are well positioned financially.
     We already have substantial revenue from our cornerstone assets, which we expect to continue to grow
     significantly in 2023 and beyond. We expect product revenue growth to outpace our operating expense
     growth in the near-term, which will allow us to continue to improve our operating leverage. We will continue
     to be thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and we are committed to generating long-term
     value.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          155
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Components of Operating Results


Revenue

Product Revenue


We generate product revenue through the sale of our three internally developed products and our in-licensed
medicines from our partners.


Revenues from product sales are recognized when there is a transfer of control from the Company to the customer.
The Company determines transfer of control based on when the product is delivered, and title passes to the
customer. Revenues from product sales are recognized net of variable consideration resulting from rebates,
chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives. Provisions for
estimated reductions to revenue are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded and are based
on contractual terms, historical experience and trend analysis.


Collaboration Revenue


We recognize collaboration revenue for amounts earned under collaborative and out-licensing arrangements. In
January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting Novartis rights to
develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in the United States, Canada, Mexico, member countries of
the European Union, United Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Russia, and Japan (the Novartis
Territory). There were two performance obligations identified at the outset of the agreement: (1) the exclusive license
to develop, manufacture, and commercialize tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory, transfer of know-how and use
of the tislelizumab trademark and (2) conducting and completing tislelizumab R&D services. Under this agreement,
we received an upfront cash payment, which was allocated between the two performance obligations identified in
the agreement based on the relative standalone selling prices of the performance obligations. The portion allocated
to the license was recognized upon the delivery of the license right and transfer of know-how. The portion of the
upfront payment allocated to the tislelizumab R&D services was deferred and is being recognized as collaboration
revenue as the tislelizumab R&D services are performed using a percentage of completion method. Estimated
costs to complete are reassessed on a periodic basis and any updates to the revenue earned are recognized on a
prospective basis.




156    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In December 2021, we expanded our collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option, collaboration and
license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor
ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, we entered into an agreement with Novartis which granted
us rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis oncology products, TAFINLAR ® (dabrafenib),
MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR® (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across
designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets.” There were three performance obligations identified
at the outset of the arrangement: (1) a material right for the option to the exclusive product license, (2) the right
to access ociperlimab in clinical trials during the option period provided to Novartis, combined with the initial
transfer of BeiGene know-how, and (3) conducting ociperlimab R&D services. The market development activities
are considered immaterial in the context of the agreements. Under this agreement, we received an upfront cash
payment, which was allocated between the three performance obligations identified in the agreement based on
the relative standalone selling prices of the performance obligations. The portion allocated to the material right was
deferred and will be recognized at the earlier of when Novartis exercises the option and the license is delivered
or the expiration of the option period. The portion of the transaction price allocated to Novartis’ right to access
ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during the option period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-how was
deferred and is being recognized over the expected option period. The portion of the transaction price allocated to
the ociperlimab R&D services was deferred and is being recognized as collaboration revenue as the ociperlimab
R&D services are performed over the expected option period.


The option exercise fee under the ociperlimab agreement is contingent upon Novartis exercising its right, and is
considered fully constrained until the option is exercised. The potential milestone payments that we are eligible to
receive under both of the Novartis collaborations were excluded from the initial transaction prices, as all milestone
amounts are variable consideration and were fully constrained due to uncertainty of achievement. Performance-
based milestones will be recognized when the milestone event is achieved or when the risk of revenue reversal is
remote. Sales-based milestones and royalties will be recognized when the underlying sales occur.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          157
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Expenses

Cost of Sales


Cost of sales includes the costs to manufacture our internally developed commercial products, as well as costs
to purchase tislelizumab from Boehringer Ingelheim. Additionally, cost of sales included the cost of in-licensed
products purchased for sale in the PRC. Costs to manufacture inventory in preparation for commercial launch of
a product incurred prior to regulatory approval are expensed to research and development expense as incurred.
Cost of sales for newly launched products will not be recorded until the initial pre-launch inventory is depleted
and additional inventory is manufactured. To date, the Company’s initial pre-launch inventory for its commercial
products has been immaterial and has not had a significant impact on the Company’s gross margin.


Research and Development Expenses


Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development activities,
conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings. Our research and
development expenses consist of:


•     expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations (CROs), CMOs, and consultants
      that conduct and support clinical trials and preclinical studies;


•     costs of comparator drugs in certain of our clinical trials;


•     manufacturing costs related to pre-commercial activities;


•     costs associated with preclinical activities and development activities;


•     costs associated with regulatory operations;


•     employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and share-based compensation expense for
      research and development personnel;


•     in-process research and development costs expensed as part of collaboration agreements entered into; and


•     other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance
      and other supplies used in research and development activities.




158    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Our current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement of our internally
developed medicines and drug candidates:


•    BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), a small molecule inhibitor of BTK;


•    tislelizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1;


•    ociperlimab, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIGIT;


•    pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2;


•    BGB-15025, an investigational hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1 (HPK1) inhibitor;


•    BGB-11417, an investigational small molecular inhibitor of Bcl-2;


•    BGB-A445, an investigational non-ligand competing OX40 monoclonal antibody;


•    BGB-16673, an investigational Chimeric Degradation Activating Compound (“CDAC”), targeting BTK;


•    BGB-A425, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3;


•    BGB-10188, an investigational PI3Kδ inhibitor;


•    BGB-23339, a potent, allosteric investigational tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor; and


•    LBL-007, a novel investigational antibody targeting the LAG-3 pathway


Research and development activities also include costs associated with in-licensed drug candidates, including:


•    R&D expense related to the co-development of pipeline assets under the Amgen collaboration agreement.
     Our total cost share obligation to Amgen is split between R&D expense and a reduction to the R&D cost share
     liability;


•    sitravatinib, an investigational, spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor, licensed from Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.
     (“Mirati”);


•    ZW25 (zanidatamab) and ZW49, two investigational bispecific antibody-based product candidates targeting
     HER2, licensed from Zymeworks Inc. (“Zymeworks”); and


•    POBEVCY® (BAT1706), a biosimilar to Avastin® (bevacizumab), licensed from Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd. (Bio-
     Thera).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          159
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We expense research and development costs when incurred. We record costs for certain development activities,
such as clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as
subject enrollment, clinical site activations or information our vendors provide to us. We expense the manufacturing
costs of our internally developed products that are used in clinical trials as they are incurred as research and
development expense. We do not allocate employee-related costs, depreciation, rental and other indirect costs to
specific research and development programs because these costs are deployed across multiple product programs
under research and development and, as such, are separately classified as unallocated research and development
expenses.


At this time, it is difficult to estimate or know for certain, the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that
will be necessary to complete the development of our internally developed and in-licensed medicines and drug
candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing such medicines and
drug candidates, including the uncertainty of:


•     successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials;


•     establishing an appropriate safety and efficacy profile;


•     establishing and maintaining commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party
      manufacturers;


•     receipt of marketing and other required approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;


•     successfully launching and commercializing our medicines and drug candidates, if and when approved,
      whether as monotherapies or in combination with our medicines and drug candidates or third-party products;


•     market acceptance, pricing and reimbursement;


•     obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our medicines and
      drug candidates;


•     continued acceptable safety and efficacy profiles of the products following approval;


•     sufficient supply of the products following approval;


•     competition from competing products; and


•     retention of key personnel.




160    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our medicines and
drug candidates would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the commercialization or
development of that medicine or drug candidate.


Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect continued substantial
investment in research and development for the foreseeable future as our discovery and development programs
progress, as we continue to support the clinical trials of our medicines and drug candidates as treatments for
various cancers and as we move these medicines and drug candidates into additional clinical trials, including
potential pivotal trials. There are numerous factors associated with the successful commercialization of any of
our medicines and drug candidates, including future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of
which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development. Additionally, future
commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control may impact our clinical development and commercial
programs and plans.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses


Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of product promotion costs, distribution costs,
salaries and related benefit costs, including share-based compensation for selling, general and administrative
personnel. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting,
auditing and tax services as well as other direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities,
travel costs, insurance and other supplies used in selling, general and administrative activities. We anticipate
that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods to support planned increases
in commercialization activities for our approved medicines, and the preparation for potential launch and
commercialization of additional in-licensed products from our collaborations and internally developed products,
if approved. We also incur significant legal, compliance, accounting, insurance and investor and public relations
expenses associated with being a public company with our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares listed for
trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Hong Kong Stock Exchange and The STAR Market of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         161
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Interest Income (Expense), Net


Interest Income


Interest income consists primarily of interest generated from our RMB-denominated cash deposits and short-term
investments in money market funds, time deposits, U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. agency securities.


Interest Expense


Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our bank loans and related party loan.


Other (Expense) Income, Net


Other (expense) income consists primarily of gains and losses recognized related to fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, gains and losses on equity investments, government grants and subsidies received that involve
no conditions or continuing performance obligations by us, unrealized gains and losses on equity securities, and
realized gains and losses on the sale of investments. We hold significant cash in the form of RMB-denominated
deposits at U.S. functional currency entities, including a large portion of the cash generated from the STAR Market
offering in December 2021. Other (expense) income includes the revaluation gains and losses of these cash
deposits based on foreign currency exchange rates.




162    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021


The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:


                                                       Year Ended December 31,                 Change
                                                              2022            2021                             %
                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Revenues
 Product revenue, net                                    1,254,612        633,987        620,625            97.9%
 Collaboration revenue                                     161,309        542,296       (380,987)          (70.3)%


Total revenues                                           1,415,921      1,176,283        239,638            20.4%


Expenses
 Cost of sales – product                                   286,475        164,906        121,569            73.7%
 Research and development                                1,640,508      1,459,239        181,269            12.4%
 Selling, general and administrative                     1,277,852        990,123        287,729            29.1%
 Amortization of intangible assets                             751            750                  1         0.1%


Total expenses                                           3,205,586      2,615,018        590,568            22.6%


Loss from operations                                    (1,789,665)    (1,438,735)      (350,930)           24.4%
 Interest income (expense), net                             52,480        (15,757)        68,237        (433.1)%
 Other (expense) income, net                              (223,852)        15,904       (239,756)      (1,507.5)%


Loss before income tax expense                          (1,961,037)    (1,438,588)      (522,449)           36.3%
Income tax expense                                          42,778         19,228         23,550           122.5%


Net loss                                                (2,003,815)    (1,457,816)      (545,999)           37.5%




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           163
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue

Total revenue increased by US$239.6 million to US$1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from US$1.2
billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in sales of our internally developed
products and in-licensed products, partially offset by a decrease in collaboration revenue, as the prior year period
included the recognition of the majority of the US$650 million upfront payment from Novartis as license revenue.


The following table summarizes the components of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,                 Changes
                                                                2022           2021                                %
                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


Product revenue                                            1,254,612        633,987         620,625          97.9%
Collaboration revenue:
  License revenue                                                   –       484,646        (484,646)       (100.0)%
  Research and development service revenue                    46,822          53,671          (6,849)       (12.8)%
  Right to access intellectual property revenue              104,994           3,979        101,015       2,538.7%
  Other                                                        9,493               –          9,493             N/A


Total collaboration revenue                                  161,309        542,296        (380,987)        (70.3)%


Total Revenue                                              1,415,921      1,176,283         239,638          20.4%


Net product revenue consisted of the following:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,                 Changes
                                                                2022           2021                                %
                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


BRUKINSA®                                                    564,651        217,987         346,664         159.0%
Tislelizumab                                                 422,885        255,119         167,766          65.8%
REVLIMID    ®
                                                              79,049          70,065          8,984          12.8%
XGEVA®                                                        63,398          45,956         17,442          38.0%
POBEVCY     ®
                                                              38,124           1,353         36,771       2,717.7%
BLINCYTO    ®
                                                              36,107          12,515         23,592         188.5%
VIDAZA®                                                       15,213          19,591          (4,378)       (22.3)%
KYPROLIS    ®
                                                              13,696               –         13,696             N/A
Pamiparib                                                      5,460           3,661          1,799          49.1%
Other                                                         16,029           7,740          8,289         107.1%


Total product revenue                                      1,254,612        633,987         620,625          97.9%



164     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Net product revenue was US$1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to US$634.0 million in
the prior year, primarily due to increased sales of BRUKINSA in the United States and China and tislelizumab in
China, in-licensed sales of Amgen’s BLINCYTO®, which we began distributing in August 2021, and XGEVA, as well
as Bio-Thera’s POBEVCY. During 2022, we continued to see increased patient demand in China for tislelizumab
and BRUKINSA due to the inclusion on the National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”), and this demand more
than offset the effect of the related price reductions.


Global sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$564.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a
159.0% increase compared to the prior year; U.S. sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$389.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to US$115.7 million in the prior year, representing growth of 237.0%. U.S. sales
accelerated in the period, driven by increased uptake in MCL, WM and MZL. BRUKINSA sales in China totaled
US$150.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing growth of 48.6% compared to the prior year,
driven by a significant increase in all approved indications, including CLL/SLL.


Sales of tislelizumab in China totaled US$422.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a
65.8% increase compared to the prior year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, new patient demand from
broader reimbursement and further expansion of our salesforce and hospital listings continued to drive increased
market penetration and market share for tislelizumab. Full year 2021 sales of tislelizumab included two negative
adjustments totaling US$45.6 million for distributor channel inventory compensation as a result of inclusion in the
March 2021 and January 2022 NRDL lists.


Product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were negatively impacted by adjustments of US$57.5
million as a result of compensating distributors for products previously sold at the pre-NRDL price, which remained
in the distribution channel, due to the first inclusion of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA, and XGEVA in the updated NRDL
effective March 1, 2021 and additional indications for tislelizumab, BRUKINSA and pamiparib effective January 1,
2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the inclusion of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA, XGEVA, and pamiparib
in the NRDL significantly increased patient demand that more than offset the net effect of price reductions as a
result of NRDL inclusion.


Collaboration revenue totaled US$161.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which US$46.8 million
was recognized from deferred revenue for R&D services performed during the year ended December 31, 2022
under both the tislelizumab and ociperlimab collaborations, US$105.0 million was recognized from deferred
revenue for Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab over the option period, and US$9.5 million was recognized related
to the sale of tislelizumab clinical supply to Novartis. Collaboration revenue totaled US$542.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, of which US$484.6 million was recognized upon delivery of the tislelizumab license right
and transfer of know-how to Novartis, US$53.7 million was recognized from deferred revenue for R&D services
performed during the year ended December 31, 2021 under both the tislelizumab and ociperlimab collaborations,
and US$4.0 million was recognized from deferred revenue for Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab over the option
period (see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report).




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT        165
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased to US$286.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from US$164.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased product sales of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA and XGEVA,
as well as initial sales of BLINCYTO®, which we began selling in August 2021, and initial sales of KYPROLIS and
POBEVCY.


Gross Margin

Gross margin on global product sales increased to US$968.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to US$469.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased product revenue
in the current year period. Gross margin as a percentage of product sales increased to 77.2% for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from 74.0% in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to proportionally higher sales mix of
global BRUKINSA sales and sales of tislelizumab in China compared to lower margin sales of in-licensed products
and lower costs per unit for both BRUKINSA and tislelizumab, partially offset by a lower average selling price for
both BRUKINSA and tislelizumab.


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$181.3 million, or 12.4%, to US$1.6 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from US$1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table summarizes
the external cost of development programs, upfront license fees, and internal research and development expense
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:


                                                              Year Ended December 31,                    Changes
                                                                      2022            2021                                %
                                                                                (US dollars in thousands)


External research and development expense:
     Cost of development programs                                 469,497          477,761           (8,264)          (1.7)%
     Upfront license fees                                           68,665          83,500          (14,835)        (17.8)%
     Amgen co-development expenses1                                 98,955         115,464          (16,509)        (14.3)%


Total external research and development expenses                  637,117          676,725          (39,608)          (5.9)%
Internal research and development expenses                      1,003,391          782,514         220,877           28.2%


Total research and development expenses                         1,640,508        1,459,239         181,269           12.4%


1.      Our co-funding obligation for the development of the pipeline assets under the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
        December 31, 2022 totaled US$195.4 million, of which US$99.0 million was recorded as R&D expense. The remaining
        US$96.4 million was recorded as a reduction for the R&D cost share liability.




166       BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The decrease in external research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily
attributable to lower upfront license fees under collaboration agreements, lower external spending related to fees
paid to CROs as we internalize previously outsourced activities, and a decrease in the expense recognized on co-
development fees to Amgen.


Internal research and development expense increased US$220.9 million, or 28.2%, to US$1.0 billion and was
primarily attributable to the expansion of our global development organization and our clinical and preclinical drug
candidates, as well as our continued efforts to internalize research and clinical trial activities, and included the
following:


•     US$114.7 million increase of employee salary and benefits, primarily attributable to hiring more research and
      development personnel to support our expanding research and development activities;


•     US$57.6 million increase of materials and reagent expenses, primarily in connection with the in-house
      manufacturing of drug candidates used for clinical purposes;


•     US$47.6 million increase of facilities, depreciation, office expense, rental fees, and other expenses to support
      the growth of our organization;


•     US$25.0 million increase of share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount of research and development employees, resulting in more awards being expensed; and


•     US$24.0 million decrease of consulting fees, including decreased meeting expense related to scientific,
      regulatory and development consulting activities, in connection with the advancement of our drug candidates.


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$287.7 million, or 29.1%, to US$1,277.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, from US$990.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was
primarily attributable to the following:


•     US$176.4 million increase of employee salary and benefits, which was primarily attributable to the hiring of
      personnel to support our growing business, including the expansion of our commercial organizations in China,
      the United States, Canada, Europe and emerging markets;


•     US$46.0 million increase in external commercial-related expenses, including market research, market access
      studies and promotional activities, related to the growth of our global commercial organization, as we continue
      to build our worldwide footprint and capabilities;


•     US$37.5 million increase of share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount of sales and administrative employees, resulting in more awards being expensed; and




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          167
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     US$27.8 increase of professional fees, consulting, recruiting, information technology, tax, accounting and
      audit services, and facility expenses, rental fees, office expenses, and other administrative expenses, primarily
      attributable to the global expansion of our business, including the expansion of our commercial operations in
      China, the United States and Europe.


Interest Income (Expense), Net

Interest income (expense), net increased by US$68.2 million, or 433.1%, to US$52.5 million of net interest income
for the year ended December 31, 2022, from US$15.8 million of net interest expense for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in interest income (expense), net, was primarily attributable to increased interest income
resulting from the increase in cash balances resulting from the STAR Offering proceeds in the fourth quarter of
2021, as well as higher interest rates earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.


Other (Expense) Income, Net

Other (expense) income, net decreased by US$239.8 million to US$223.9 million of expense for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from US$15.9 million of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to foreign exchange losses resulting from the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar and the revaluation impact of foreign currencies held in U.S. functional currency
subsidiaries. Also contributing to the increase in expense was an increase in the unrealized loss on our equity
investments. These losses were partially offset by increased income from government subsidies.


Income Tax Expense

Income tax expense was US$42.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with US$19.2 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily
attributable to current China tax expense for certain subsidiaries determined after certain non-deductible expenses
and current U.S. tax expense, as a result of amendments to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 174 pursuant
to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which took effect January 1, 2022, and eliminates the ability to fully deduct
research and development expenditures in the year incurred, and requires capitalization and amortization. Other
current tax expense was primarily attributable to foreign non-creditable withholding taxes.


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments


As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments
primarily comprised (i) US$1.7 billion denominated in US dollars; (ii) approximately RMB19.0 billion (equivalent to
approximately US$2.8 billion) denominated in Renminbi; and (iii) approximately US$44.8 million denominated in
Euro, Australian dollar, and other currencies.




168    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Accounts receivable


Accounts receivable decreased by 64.2% from US$483.1 million as of December 31, 2021 to US$173.2 million as
of December 31, 2022, primarily due to the receipt of the US$300.0 million upfront cash payment related to Novartis
agreement for ociperlimab.


Inventories


The inventories increased by 16.4% from US$242.6 million as of December 31, 2021 to US$282.3 million as of
December 31, 2022, primarily due to stock preparation for the increased sales of our internally-developed products
and in-licensed products.


Prepaid expenses and other current assets


Prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased by 19.8% from US$270.2 million as of December 31, 2021 to
US$216.6 million as of December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to(i) the decrease of prepaid taxes; (ii)
the decrease of manufacturing cost of our internally developed products; (iii) the decrease of prepaid research and
development costs.


Property and equipment, net


The property and equipment increased by 44.0% from US$587.6 million as of December 31, 2021 to US$845.9
million as of December 31, 2022, primarily attributable to our ongoing buildout of the Company’s manufacturing
and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell, NJ, and the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities expansion.


Accounts payable


Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$294.8 million and US$262.4 million as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         169
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payables as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)


Within 3 months                                                                            290,284           257,977
3 to 6 months                                                                                 2,570             3,210
6 months to 1 year                                                                            1,379             1,110
Over 1 year                                                                                     548               103


Total                                                                                      294,781           262,400


Accrued expenses and other payables


Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)


Compensation related                                                                       184,775           139,966
External research and development activities related                                       139,168           213,922
Commercial activities                                                                        51,806            71,560
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                        18,815            45,661
Sales rebates and returns related                                                            41,817            59,639
Other                                                                                        30,971            27,307


Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                  467,352           558,055


Accrued expenses and other payables decreased by 16.3% from US$558.1 million as of December 31, 2021 to
US$467.4 million as of December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to (i) lower external spending related
to fees paid to CROs as we internalize previously outsourced activities; (ii) less individual income tax from exercise
of employee share options, partially offset by increased hiring of more personnel to support our expanding
commercial, research and clinical activities and our growing organization.




170     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


The following table represents our cash, short-term investments, and debt balances as of December 31, 2022:




                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                          (US dollars in thousands)



Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                 3,875,037        4,382,887
Short-term investments                                                                      665,251         2,241,962
Total debt                                                                                  538,117           629,678


We have incurred annual net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, resulting from the
funding of our research and development programs and selling, general and administrative expenses associated
with our operations, as well as to support the commercialization of our products globally. We incurred net losses of
US$2.0 billion and US$1.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December
31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of US$7.1 billion.


To date, we have financed our operations principally through proceeds from public and private offerings of our
securities and proceeds from our collaborations, together with product sales since September 2017. Based on
our current operating plan, we expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of
December 31, 2022 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least
the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements included in this report are issued.


On December 15, 2021, we completed the initial public offering on the SSE. The shares offered in the STAR Offering
were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in the PRC in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”). The public
offering price of the RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per ordinary share, or US$391.68 per ADS. In this offering, we
sold 115,055,260 ordinary shares. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses
were US$3.4 billion. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering must be used
in compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as our proceeds management
policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board of directors.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          171
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting Novartis rights to
develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and Japan. Under the agreement,
we received an upfront cash payment of US$650 million from Novartis. In December 2021, we expanded our
collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop,
manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition,
we and Novartis entered into an agreement granting us rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
oncology products. Under the terms of the agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$300 million in
January 2022.


The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021:



                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                         4,382,887       1,390,005
Net cash used in operating activities                                                    (1,496,619)      (1,298,723)
Net cash provided by investing activities                                                 1,077,123         640,659
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                         (18,971)      3,636,911
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 (69,383)          14,035


Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                      (507,850)      2,992,882


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                               3,875,037       4,382,887


Operating Activities


Cash flows from operating activities is net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and
liabilities.


Operating activities used US$1.5 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$2.0 billion, inclusive of US$223.9 million of other losses due primarily to the strengthening
of the U.S. dollar and the related revaluation of foreign currencies held by U.S. functional currency subsidiaries,
partially offset by non-cash charges and adjustments of US$374.8 million, and by a decrease in our net operating
assets and liabilities of US$132.4 million. The non-cash charges and adjustments were primarily driven by share-
based compensation expense, charges for acquired in-process research and development costs, and depreciation
and amortization expense, offset by amortization of the research and development cost share liability. The decrease
in working capital was driven largely by decreases in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and an increase in
taxes payable, partially offset by a decrease in deferred revenue and an increase in inventories.




172      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating activities used US$1.3 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$1.5 billion and an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities of US$118.3 million,
partially offset by non-cash charges and adjustments of US$277.4 million. The non-cash charges and adjustments
were primarily driven by share – based compensation expense, charges for acquired in-process research and
development costs, and depreciation and amortization expense, offset by amortization of the research and
development cost share liability. The increase in working capital was driven largely by increases in accounts
receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses, offset by increases in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
liabilities and deferred revenue resulting from the upfront option payment from Novartis.


Investing Activities


Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures, investment purchases, sales,
maturities, and disposals, and upfront payments related to our collaboration agreements.


Investing activities provided US$1.1 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of US$1.6
billion in sales and maturities of investment securities, partially offset by US$325.4 million of capital expenditures,
US$143.7 million upfront collaboration payments, US$15.9 million in purchases of long-term investments and
US$1.5 million in purchases of short – term investment securities.


Investing activities provided US$640.7 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting of US$2.1
billion in purchases of short-term investment securities, US$262.9 million of capital expenditures, US$43.4 million in
purchases of intangible assets, US$43.5 million in purchases of long-term investments and US$8.5 million upfront
collaboration payments, all of which were offset by sales and maturities of investment securities of US$3.1 billion.


Financing Activities


Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of sale of ordinary shares, RMB Shares, and ADSs through
equity offerings, issuance and repayment of short-term and long-term debt, and proceeds from the sale of ADSs
through employee equity compensation plans.


Financing activities used US$19.0 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting primarily of
US$417.1 million of repayment of short-term loans, partially offset by US$313.8 million from proceeds of short-
term loans, US$47.0 million from the exercise of employee share options and proceeds from the issuance of shares
through our employee share purchase plan and US$37.4 million from proceeds of long-term bank loans.


Financing activities provided US$3.6 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting primarily of
US$3.4 billion of net proceeds from our STAR Offering in December 2021, US$406.4 million from proceeds of short-
term loans, US$92.8 million from the exercise of employee share options and proceeds from the issuance of shares
through our employee share purchase plan, US$50.0 million from the sale of our shares to Amgen, and US$16.8
million from proceeds of long-term bank loans. These inflows were partially offset by US$321.8 million of repayment
of short-term loans.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT         173
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Effects of Exchange Rates on Cash


We have substantial operations in the PRC, which generate a significant amount of RMB – denominated cash from
product sales and require a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash to pay our obligations. Additionally,
on December 15, 2021, we received RMB21.7 billion in net proceeds from the STAR Offering. Since the reporting
currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar, periods of volatility in exchange rates may have a significant impact on
our consolidated cash balances.


Future Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements


Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue sufficient to cover our costs and capital
investments, we may be required to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt
financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, government grants, and other
available sources. Under the rules of the SEC, we currently qualify as a “well-known seasoned issuer,” which allows
us to file shelf registration statements to register an unspecified amount of securities that are effective upon filing.
In May 2020, we filed such a shelf registration statement with the SEC for the issuance of an unspecified amount of
ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs), preferred shares, various series of debt securities and/or warrants
to purchase any of such securities, either individually or in units, from time to time at prices and on terms to be
determined at the time of any such offering. This registration statement was effective upon filing and will remain in
effect for up to three years from filing, prior to which time we may file another shelf registration statement that will
be effective for up to three years from filing.


To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership
interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other
preferences that adversely affect your rights as a holder of ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares. Debt financing,
if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends, and may require the issuance
of warrants, which could potentially dilute your ownership interest. If we raise additional funds through collaboration
agreements, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable
rights to our medicines or drug candidates, future revenue streams or research programs, or to grant licenses on
terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings,
collaborations or other sources when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product
development or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or drug candidates that
we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.


Our material cash requirements in the short- and long-term consist of the following operational, capital, and
manufacturing expenditures, a portion of which contain contractual or other obligations. We plan to fund our
material cash requirements with our current financial resources together with our anticipated receipts of accounts
receivable, product sales and royalty revenues, and reimbursements we expect to receive under our existing
collaboration and license agreements.




174     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


CONTRACTUAL AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS


The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022:


                                                                            Payments Due by Period
                                                                          Total          Short-term      Long-term
                                                                             (US dollars in thousands)


Contractual obligations:
Operating lease commitments                                             63,024              26,278          36,746
Purchase commitments                                                   117,293              74,449          42,844
Debt obligations                                                       538,117             328,969         209,148
Interest on debt                                                        45,947              16,632          29,315
Co-development funding commitment                                      595,702             231,697         364,005
Funding commitment                                                      16,000               7,000           9,000
Research and development commitment                                     22,327               5,829          16,498
Pension plan                                                             7,760               2,553           5,207
Capital commitments                                                    404,914             404,914               –


Total                                                                1,811,084            1,098,321        712,763


Operating Lease Commitments


We lease office or manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou in China; office facilities
in California, Massachusetts, Maryland, and New Jersey in the United States; and in Basel, Switzerland under
non-cancelable operating leases expiring on various dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on
a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms. The aggregate future minimum payments under these non-
cancelable operating leases are summarized in the table above.


Purchase Commitments


As of December 31, 2022, purchase commitments amounted to US$117.3 million, of which US$55.3 million
related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from CMOs and US$61.9 million related to
binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS and Amgen. We do not have any minimum purchase
requirements for inventory from BMS or Amgen.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2022    ANNUAL REPORT       175
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Debt Obligations and Interest


Total debt obligations coming due in the next twelve months is US$329.0 million. Total long-term debt obligations
are US$209.1 million. See Note 16 in the Notes to the Financial Statements for further detail of our debt obligations.


Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. For the purpose of contractual
obligations calculation, current interest rates on floating rate obligations were used for the remainder contractual life
of the outstanding borrowings.


Co-Development Funding Commitments


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we are responsible for co-funding global clinical development costs for
the licensed oncology pipeline assets, up to a total cap of US$1.25 billion. We are funding our portion of the co-
development costs by contributing cash and/or development services. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining co-
development funding commitment was US$0.6 billion.


Funding Commitment


Funding commitment represents our committed capital related to two of our equity method investments in the
amount of US$19.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining capital commitment was US$16.0 million and
is expected to be paid from time to time over the investment period.


Research and Development Commitment


We entered into long-term research and development agreements, which includes obligations to make upfront
payments and fixed quarterly payments over the next four years. As of December 31, 2022, the total research and
development commitment amounted to US$22.3 million.


Pension Plan


We maintain a defined benefit pension plan in Switzerland. Funding obligations under the defined benefit pension
plan are equivalent to US$2.6 million per year based on annual funding contributions in effect as of December 31,
2022 to achieve fully funded status where the market value of plan assets equals the projected benefit obligations.
Future funding requirements will be subject to change as a result of future changes in staffing and compensation
levels, various actuarial assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.




176    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Capital Commitments


We had capital commitments amounting to US$404.9 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
as of December 31, 2022, which were mainly for our manufacturing and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell, NJ,
additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities, and new building for Beijing Innerway
Bio-tech Co., Ltd.


Other Obligations


We expect to make a significant investment in our future manufacturing facility in the United States, a 42-acre site
that will be constructed in Hopewell, NJ, and for which we purchased for US$75.2 million. We expect significant
capital expenditures as we build out the Hopewell facility over the next several years.


We also enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with CROs to provide research and development
services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time by us with prior written notice.


We also enter into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual property. We may
be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments on
future sales of specified products associated with these agreements. Payments under these agreements generally
become due and payable upon achievement of such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on
our balance sheet because the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When
the achievement of these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in our
financial statements.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES


Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and judgments
on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our estimates on historical
experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Certain of these estimates are considered critical as they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and
have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our critical
accounting estimates are summarized below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this
Annual Report for a description of our significant accounting policies.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT        177
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue Recognition


We recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods or services to our customers. Revenue is measured as
the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods and services. We generate revenue from
product sales and revenue transactions with our collaboration partners.


Product Revenue

To determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct
customer, we estimate any rebates, chargebacks or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and
other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in
making these estimates. We include variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that
a significant reversal will not occur and estimate variable consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts
and allowances, sales returns allowances, and other incentives using the expected value method.


Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government and
commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of NRDL pricing, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,
sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and our
customers, health care providers and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into
consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical
experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events
and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns.


We base our sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by third-
party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly launched products
where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially calculated based on
benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or benchmarking data we use
to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a change in the allowance would be made
in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues in that period could be materially affected. Any
changes from the historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return allowance. To date,
sales returns have not been significant.


Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from our estimates. We will reassess estimates
for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we will adjust these
estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.




178    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Collaboration Revenue

Our collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation, including
grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreements to provide research and development services and
other deliverables. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require
significant judgments to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the
contract.


Standalone selling prices for licenses of intellectual property and the right to access and use intellectual property
during an option period performance obligations are determined based on the probability-weighted present value
of forecasted cash flows associated with the intellectual property. Stand-alone selling prices for research and
development services performance obligations are based on the present value of estimated clinical trial costs plus
a reasonable margin.


The estimates of standalone selling prices involve management’s key assumptions such as revenue growth rate,
estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory success, and discount rates.
These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic, regulatory and market
conditions.


Research and Development Expenses


Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We have a history of
contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development
of our product candidates. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates of the actual
services performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for
instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the
related accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in
the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


The process of estimating our external research and development expenses involves reviewing open contracts and
purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf
and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not
yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears
for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some
require advanced payments. We make estimates of our expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial
statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services
performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting
expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments
to our prior estimates of research and development expenses.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          179
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Taxes


Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years.
Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these
future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources,
including reversal of temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies.
These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including historical
experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements.


INTEREST AND CREDIT RISK


Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
short term investments and accounts receivable.


We had cash and cash equivalents of US$3.9 billion and US$4.4 billion, restricted cash of US$5.5 million and
US$7.2 million, and short-term investments of US$0.7 billion and US$2.2 billion, at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions located
within or without the PRC. The deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or
commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim
our deposits back in full. We believe that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, and we continually
monitor the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. At December 31, 2022, our short-term investments
consisted primarily of U.S. treasury securities. We believe that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and
continually monitor the credit worthiness of these institutions.




180    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity, and maximize income
without significant increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk relates to fluctuations in the interest rates,
which are affected by changes in the general level of PRC and U.S. interest rates. Given the short-term nature of
our cash equivalents, we believe that a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a
material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operation. We estimate that a hypothetical 100-basis
point increase or decrease in market interest rates would result in a decrease of US$2.1 million or increase of
US$2.1 million, respectively, in the fair value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022.


We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments have significant risk of default or
illiquidity. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments do not contain excessive risk,
we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future investments will not be subject to adverse changes in
market value.


We had accounts receivable, net of US$173.2 million, and US$483.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 included the upfront fee from Novartis of US$300.0
million under the ociperlimab agreement. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product
sales and amounts due from the our collaboration partners. We monitor economic conditions to identify facts
or circumstances that may indicate receivables are at risk of collection. To date, we have not experienced any
significant losses with respect to the collection of our accounts receivable.


CURRENCY CONVERTIBILITY RISK


A significant portion of our expenses, assets, and liabilities are denominated in RMB. In 1994, the PRC government
abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the People’s Bank
of China (the PBOC). However, the unification of exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may be readily
convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place
either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted
by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a
payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.


Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international economic
and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT          181
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK


We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Our reporting currency is the U.S.
dollar, but a portion of our operating transactions and assets and liabilities are in other currencies, such as RMB,
Euro, and Australian dollar.


RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value of RMB against
the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic
conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. Since 2005, the RMB has been permitted to fluctuate within a
narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. The RMB compared to the U.S. dollar
depreciated approximately 8.2%, and appreciated approximately 2.3%, for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the
exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for capital expenditures, working capital and other
business purposes, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount
we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business
purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount
available to us.


In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our foreign cash balances and trade receivables. Further, volatility in exchange rate fluctuations may
have a significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income
(loss). We have not used derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign exchange risk.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION


Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical development costs. We do not believe that
inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022.


GEARING RATIO


The gearing ratio of the Company, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 12.3% as of December 31, 2022, representing an increase from 10.3% as of December 31,
2021. The increase was primarily due to the accumulated deficit increase.




182    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not hold any other significant
investments as of December 31, 2022.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS


As of December 31, 2022, we expect to make a significant investment in our future manufacturing facility in the
United States, a 42-acre site that will be constructed in Hopewell, NJ, and for which we purchased for US$75.2
million. We expect significant capital expenditures as we build out the Hopewell facility over the next several years.


Except as disclosed above, we did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets as of December
31, 2022.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES


During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY


As of December 31, 2022, we had a global team of over 9,000 employees, which increased from 8,000 employees
as of December 31, 2021. Most of our employees are full-time.


The remuneration policy and package of the Company’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash
compensation and benefits, we may issue share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted
share units, unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to
our employees in accordance with our equity plans. We also provide external and internal training programs to our
employees. The packages were set by benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies of similar
size. The total remuneration cost incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$1.4
billion (2021: US$1.0 billion).




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          183
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLEDGE OF ASSETS


As of December 31, 2022, we pledged a restricted deposit of US$5.5 million primarily consist of RMB-denominated
cash deposits held in designated bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit and letter of guarantee (December
31, 2021: US$7.2 million) and land use right and certain property, plant and equipments with a total carrying amount
of US$123.9 million (December 31, 2021: US$145.8 million) were secured for long-term bank loans.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES


As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2021: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022.




184    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board of Directors (“Board”) consists of eleven Directors, comprising one executive Director, one non-executive
Director, and nine independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about our
Directors as of April 18, 2023:


Name                                     Age       Position


Mr. John V. Oyler                        55        Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                        60        Non-executive Director
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                   66        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                     78        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                       48        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                    68        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                     49        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Thomas Malley                        54        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Alessandro Riva                      62        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          66        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                          51        Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 55, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. He has served
as a member of the Board since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was acquired by Pharmaceutical
Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive Officer of Galenea Corp., a
biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central nervous system diseases,
which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Oyler was a
Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in 2007. From 1997 to
1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Inc., an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical
company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management consultant at McKinsey &
Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in June 1990 and an MBA
from Stanford University in January 1996. We believe that Mr. Oyler’s extensive leadership, executive, managerial,
business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company experience, along with his years of industry experience
in the development of pharmaceutical products qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         185
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Xiaodong Wang , Ph.D., aged 60, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of the Board since February
2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang has served as
the founding Co-Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and became its
Director and Investigator in 2010. In addition, Dr. Wang has served as a Chair Professor at Tsinghua University
since 2020. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator from 1997 to 2010 and held the
position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical Sciences at the University
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr. Wang founded Joyant
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the development of small
molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang serves as a non-executive director and member of the compensation
committee of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd. (HKEx: 2197). Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing
Normal University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a
foreign associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience
in cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualifies him to serve as a member
of the Board.




186    BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                            DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan , aged 66, has served as a member of the Board since February 1, 2022. Dr. Dugan is
currently Chief Medical Officer at Dracen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately held pharmaceutical company based
in New York that leverages immuno-metabolism in oncology. She joined Dracen in 2018 with more than 20 years
of experience in oncology and previously held senior leadership roles at Novartis Oncology, including Senior Vice
President and Global Program Head, developing innovative medicines for patients. Dr. Dugan also held several
development positions at Schering-Plough (now Merck & Co.) and American Cyanamid (now Pfizer). Dr. Dugan
received her B.A. and medical degrees and training in hematology and oncology from New York University. We
believe that Dr. Dugan’s extensive scientific and leadership experience in the healthcare sector qualifies her to
serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the Board.


Mr. Donald W. Glazer , aged 78, has served as a member of the Board since February 2013. Mr. Glazer has served
as a member of the Board of Trustees of GMO Trust, a mutual fund group, since 2000 and as the Chairman of
the board of GMO Trust since 2005. Mr. Glazer was a Co-Founder and Secretary, and from 2002 until 2010, Vice
Chairman, of Provant, Inc., a provider of performance improvement training solutions. From 1992 to 1995 Mr.
Glazer was President of Mugar/Glazer Holdings and from 1992 to 1993 served as Vice Chairman-Finance of New
England Television Corp. and WHDH-TV, Inc. From 1997 to the present, Mr. Glazer has served as Advisory Counsel
to the law firm Goodwin Procter LLP. From 1970 to 1978 Mr. Glazer was an associate and from 1978 to 1992 a
partner at the law firm Ropes & Gray LLP. At Ropes & Gray, Mr. Glazer chaired the firm’s Emerging Companies
Group. Mr. Glazer was also a Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School from 1978 to 1991, teaching a course called
The Business Lawyer. In addition to Provant, Inc. and New England Television Corp., Mr. Glazer is a former member
of the boards of directors of Environics Inc.; Kronos Incorporated; Reflective Technologies, Inc.; and Teleco Oilfield
Services Inc. Mr. Glazer received his A.B. from Dartmouth College in June 1966; J.D. from Harvard Law School in
June 1969, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review; and L.L.M. from the University of Pennsylvania Law
School in May 1970. Additionally, Mr. Glazer is a co-author of both Glazer and FitzGibbon on Legal Opinions, Third
Edition (Aspen Publishers) and Massachusetts Corporation Law & Practice, Second Edition (Aspen Publishers).
We believe that Mr. Glazer’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his extensive leadership, executive,
managerial, business, and corporate legal experience.


Mr. Michael Goller , aged 48, has served as a member of the Board since April 2015. Mr. Goller is a Partner at
Baker Brothers Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of JPMorgan
Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Goller
began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller serves on the
board of directors of DBV Technologies SA, a company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris. From 2017
to 2019, he served on the board of directors of Levo Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Goller received a B.S. in Molecular
and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997, and a Master’s in both Biotechnology
(School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton School) from the University of
Pennsylvania in May 2005. We believe that Mr. Goller is qualified to serve on the Board based on his experience in
the life sciences industry and for his knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          187
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper , aged 68, has served as a member of the Board since January 2020. Mr. Hooper retired
from Amgen in January 2020, where he was Executive Vice President from September 2018 to January 2020,
and Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations from 2011 to August 2018. From 2010 to 2011, Mr.
Hooper was Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations and President, U.S., Japan and Intercontinental of
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS). From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Hooper was President, Americas of BMS. From
2004 to 2009, Mr. Hooper was President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals, Worldwide Pharmaceuticals Group, a division of
BMS. Prior to that, Mr. Hooper held various senior leadership positions at BMS. Prior to joining BMS, Mr. Hooper
was Assistant Vice President of Global Marketing for Wyeth Laboratories. Mr. Hooper earned law and MBA degrees
from the University of South Africa in 1978 and 1988 respectively. Mr. Hooper serves on the board of MannKind
Corporation, a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MNKD). Mr. Hooper is a consultant of Amgen.
We believe Mr. Hooper’s extensive experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and broad international
experience in pharmaceutical commercial operations qualify him to serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the
Board.


Mr. Ranjeev Krishana , aged 49, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014 and as our Lead Director
since February 2020. Mr. Krishana has worked at Baker Bros.. Advisors LP, from 2011 to the present and currently
serves as Head of International Investments. Prior to joining Baker Bros., Mr. Krishana held a series of commercial,
strategy, and business development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across a variety of
international regions and markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was at Pfizer
from 2003 to 2007 and from 2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China, where he
served as a Senior Director and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his career as a
strategy consultant at Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Brown
University in May 1995, and a Master’s of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2001. We believe Mr.
Krishana’s knowledge of the healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on the Board.


Mr. Thomas Malley , aged 54, has served as a member of the Board since January 2016. Mr. Malley has served as
president of Mossrock Capital, LLC, a private investment firm, since May 2007. Mr. Malley worked for Janus Mutual
Funds in positions of increasing responsibility from April 1991 to May 2007. From January 1999 to May 2007, Mr.
Malley served as the portfolio manager of the Janus Global Life Sciences Fund and also led the Janus healthcare
team of analysts. From 1991 to 1998, Mr. Malley served as an equity analyst for Janus covering, among others,
healthcare and biotechnology stocks. Mr. Malley received a B.S. in Biology from Stanford University in June 1991.
Mr. Malley has held directorships in the following listed companies: Kura Oncology, Inc., a company listed on the
NASDAQ, as a director since 2015; Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., a company listed on the NASDAQ, as a director
since 2016; OvaScience, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its merger with Millendo Therapeutics,
Inc. in December 2018, as a director from 2012 to 2017; Synageva BioPharma Corp., a Company listed on the
NASDAQ prior to its delisting in May 2015 in connection with the sale of the company, as a director from 2006 to
2015; Puma Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ, as a director from 2011 to 2015; and Cougar
Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its delisting in July 2009 in connection with the sale
of the company, as a director from 2007 to 2009. We believe that Mr. Malley’s experience in the biopharmaceutical
industry, including serving on other boards of directors, and his financial and executive experience qualify him to
serve on the Board.




188      BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders , aged 66, has served as a member of the Board since August 2020. Dr. Sanders
most recently served as an Interim Transition Advisor to the Global Development Group of Bristol Myers Squibb
Corporation from November 2019, following its acquisition of Celgene Corporation, until February 2020. Previously,
Dr. Sanders served as a Strategic Advisor to the Office of the Celgene Chief Medical Officer from March 2018
to November 2019. From January 2017 to March 2018, she was a member of the Juno Therapeutics Executive
Committee as Executive Vice President of Development Operations, with responsibilities for strategic operations,
quantitative sciences, biosample and clinical operations. From 1994 to 2017, Dr. Sanders held leadership positions
at Genentech/Roche, including as a member of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Portfolio Committee, Global Head
of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Clinical Operations, Global Head of the Genentech/Roche Biometrics group,
and Genentech Head of DATA (Design, Analysis, Technology & Administration) prior to the Roche acquisition.
Dr. Sanders currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research
Center in Seattle, WA, and as a director of the following biotechnology companies: Molecular Templates Inc.
(NASDAQ: MTEM), Legend Biotech Corporation (NASDAQ: LEGN), AltruBio Inc. (formerly AbGenomics) (privately
held), and Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: RARE). Dr. Sanders earned her B.S. and M.S. in statistics,
graduating Magna Cum Laude from the University of the Philippines, and her M.A. and Ph.D. in statistics from the
Wharton Doctoral Program at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Dr. Sanders’ extensive experience
and knowledge in the healthcare sector and her scientific and leadership experience qualify her to serve on, and
contributes to the diversity of, the Board.


Dr. Alessandro Riva , aged 62, has served as a member of the Board since February 1, 2022. Dr. Riva is currently
Chief Executive Officer of Intima Bioscience, Inc., a privately held clinical stage gene and cell therapy company.
From 2019 to 2021, he served as Chief Executive Officer at privately held Ichnos Sciences, where he built a
biotechnology company focused on bi – and tri-specific antibodies in oncology and biologics in autoimmune
diseases. From 2017 to 2019, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Therapeutics and
Cell & Gene Therapy at Gilead Sciences, where he was instrumental in the acquisition of Kite Pharma. Prior to
Gilead, from 2005 to 2016, Dr. Riva was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Development and
Medical Affairs at Novartis Pharmaceuticals, where he contributed significantly to the Oncology Business Unit
and the Cell and Gene Therapy Unit. He was also interim President of Novartis Oncology during the acquisition
of GSK Oncology. Dr. Riva is currently on the board of directors of Century Therapeutics, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed
biotechnology company developing innovative iPSC-derived NK and T cell therapies. Dr. Riva is also serving as
the chairman of the board of directors of Transgene SA (Euronext Paris: TNG, Paris:TNG), a listed immunotherapy
biotech company that designs and develops therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic viruses against cancer. He
previously held roles at Farmitalia Carlo Erba, Rhône-Poulenc Rorer and Aventis and co-founded the Breast Cancer
International Research Group (BCIRG) and the Cancer International Research Group (CIRG), where he served as
Chief Executive Officer. He received his M.D. in medicine and surgery from the University of Milan and a certificate
board in oncology and hematology from the same institution. We believe that Dr. Riva’s extensive scientific and
management experience in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the
Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT         189
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 51, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014. Mr. Yi is a Partner at
Hillhouse Capital. He has worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse,
Mr. Yi was an Equity Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse
includes investments in the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi
received a B.S. degree in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University
of Southern California in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of
the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on the Board.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The following table provides information about members of our senior management, as of April 18, 2023, other than
Mr. John Oyler, who is included above as an executive Director:


Name                                   Age        Position


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.                      61         President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China
Julia Wang                             52         Chief Financial Officer
Lai Wang, Ph.D.                        46         Global Head of R&D

*     On March 2, 2022, Dr. Jane Huang, Chief Medical Officer, Hematology, provided notice of her resignation from the
      Company effective April 3, 2022.


Xiaobin Wu , Ph.D., aged 61, joined our Company in April 2018 as our President and General Manager of China and
has been appointed to an additional position of Chief Operating Officer, effective April 1, 2021. He has more than
25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 17 years leading China operations of multinational
companies, with expertise in research and development, strategy, commercialization and general management.
Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to
April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018.
Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth to become a leading multinational pharmaceutical
company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President and Managing Director of Wyeth China and Hong
Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as the General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China
from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales and marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu served as
a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical Association Committee (RDPAC) in China from 2008 to 2018
and as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber of Commerce of China’s National Association of Industry
& Commerce from 2015 to 2018. Dr. Wu currently serves on the board of directors of Clover Biopharmaceuticals,
Ltd., a company listed on the HKEx.. He is also a research fellow at the Research Center of National Drug Policy
and Ecosystem (NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China. In addition to his duties in industry
associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards, including most recently “Person of the Year” in
Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese Healthcare Industry” and the
“2017 Social Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Pharmacology and
a Diploma in Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the University of Konstanz in Germany.




190    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Julia Wang , aged 52, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Ms. Wang joined our Company in
June 2020 as Senior Vice President, Enterprise Optimization and Deputy CFO. Prior to joining BeiGene, from 2018
to 2020, Ms. Wang served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Finance and Corporate Planning at Alexion
Pharmaceuticals, a rare disease biopharmaceutical company operating in more than 50 countries. From 2015 to
2018, she held leadership positions at Quest Diagnostics, including Vice President of U.S. Regional Finance and
Enterprise Commercial, and Vice President of Finance, Value Creation. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Wang held senior
leadership roles at Johnson & Johnson (J&J) as CFO of various operating businesses, including Xian-Janssen,
J&J’s pharmaceutical business in China. Previously, she also led finance initiatives at PepsiCo.. Ms. Wang received
an MBA from Fuqua School of Business at Duke University in 1999 and a BA in British Language and Literature
from Shandong Normal University in 1992.


Lai Wang , Ph.D., aged 46, has served as our Global Head of R&D since April 2021. Dr. Wang joined our Company
in May 2011 with increasing responsibilities over the years and most recently as Senior Vice President, Head of
Global Research, Clinical Operation & Biometrics and APAC Clinical Development. Dr. Wang has over 20 years of
experience in the oncology field and over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in both research
and development. Prior to joining us, Dr. Wang was the director of research at Joyant Pharmaceuticals, a biotech
company based in Dallas, Texas. Dr. Wang received his B.S. from Fudan University in 1996 and Ph.D. from
University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio in 2001.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         191
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B (1) OF
THE HK LISTING RULES


Upon specific inquiry by the Company and following confirmations from Directors, except as disclosed hereunder,
there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1)
of the HK Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of this annual report. The
change of Director’s information is set out below.


Directors                          Changes in Positions held with the Company


Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su             Resigned as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the commercial and
                                   medical affairs advisory committee of the Board (the “Commercial and Medical
                                   Affairs Advisory Committee”) on January 31, 2022.


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan             Appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   scientific advisory committee of the Board (the “Scientific Advisory Committee”)
                                   effective February 1, 2022; appointed as a member of the Commercial and
                                   Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective February 25, 2022; appointed as
                                   a member and Chair of the Compensation Committee effective September 13,
                                   2022.


Dr. Alessandro Riva                Appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Scientific Advisory
                                   Committee effective February 1, 2022; appointed as the Co-Chair of the
                                   Scientific Advisory Committee effective November 20, 2022.


Mr. Timothy Chen                   Resigned as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   Compensation Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
                                   Committee on June 22, 2022.


Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders    Ceased to serve as Co-Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee effective
                                   November 20, 2022 but remains a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper              The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-
                                   executive Director effective from April 17, 2023.




192    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group, for the year ended December 31, 2022.


GENERAL INFORMATION


The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the
HKEx since August 8, 2018 under the stock code 06160. The Company’s ADSs have been listed on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market since February 3, 2016 under the symbol “BGNE”. The Company’s ordinary shares traded
in Renminbi (RMB Shares) have been publicly traded on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange in China under the stock code “688235” since December 15, 2021.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES


The Company is a global biotechnology company that is developing and commercializing innovative and affordable
oncology medicines to improve treatment outcomes and access for patients worldwide. The Company has built
substantial commercial capabilities in China and the United States and commercial capabilities in Europe, Canada
and Australia. The Company currently market three internally discovered oncology medicines and also market or
plan to market additional oncology products in China licensed from Amgen, Novartis, BMS, and EUSA Pharma;
and have entered collaborations with Novartis Pharma AG for Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize
tislelizumab and ociperlimab in North America, Europe and Japan. The analysis of the Group’s revenues and
contribution to results are set out in Note 4 and Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW


The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on
page 195 to page 198 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders will be
included in our “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” filed with HKEx on April 25, 2023. The review and
discussion form part of this Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL


Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT        193
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSIDIARIES


Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 151 of this annual
report.


RESULTS


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss on page 293 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS


For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately
69.0% of the Group’s product revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 18.1%
of the Group’s product revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company’s collaboration
revenue consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately
73.6% of the Group’s product revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 26.0%
of the Group’s product revenue.


For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 23.9% and 29.4% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the
Group for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 accounted for approximately 12.0% and 16.2% of the
Group’s total purchases, respectively.


During the year ended December 31, 2022, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors owns more than 5% of our issued share capital, had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.




194       BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE


The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment, giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments
are set out in the Company’s Environmental, Social and Governance Report filed with HKEx on April 25, 2023.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS


During the year ended December 31, 2022, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material respects.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD


The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive director effective from April 17,
2023. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 18, 2023.


Except as disclosed above, there were no important events affecting the Group which occurred after the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES


As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•    Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
     third-party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


•    We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
     we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
     to market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


•    We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
     competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


•    The market opportunities for our medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have
     failed prior treatments and may be small.


•    If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to
     achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement, our commercial success and business
     operations could be adversely affected.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT     195
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•     We depend substantially on the success of the clinical development of our medicines and drug candidates. If
      we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize
      our medicines and drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be
      materially harmed.


•     Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
      earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


•     If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
      authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
      in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
      candidates.


•     If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
      delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


•     All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
      products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with
      such regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


•     The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
      regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly and inherently unpredictable. If we experience
      delays or are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be
      substantially harmed.


•     Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
      and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
      to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
      medicines and drug candidates.


•     Even if we are able to commercialize our medicines and any approved drug candidates, the medicines may
      become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform
      initiatives, which could harm our business.


•     We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
      losses for the foreseeable future and may not become profitable.




196    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
    financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


•   If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates through
    intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights is not sufficiently broad, third
    parties may compete against us.


•   We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business
    could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at
    acceptable quality levels or prices.


•   We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
    licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
    arrangements.


•   If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
    adversely affected.


•   If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial
    condition could be adversely affected.


•   If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
    benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


•   We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
    and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


•   Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
    personnel.


•   Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the
    collection and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be complex and stringent, and many
    are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and
    other business practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact
    our business.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          197
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•       We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
        Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays
        in completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of
        or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


•       Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
        United States or other governments and the significant oversight and discretion the PRC government has
        over the conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our
        business, financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth
        and expansion strategies.


•       The audit reports included in our previous annual reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC have historically
        been prepared by auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board,
        and as such, investors have previously been deprived of the benefits of such inspection.


•       The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
        substantial losses to you.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS


Use of Net Proceeds from Amgen


On January 2, 2020, the Company sold 15,895,001 ADSs, representing 206,635,013 ordinary shares of the
Company and approximately 20.5% ownership stake in the Company’s outstanding shares as at the same date,
to Amgen for aggregate cash proceeds of US$2,779,241,000, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant to the Amgen SPA
(as amended) executed in connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. The subscription price represents:
(a) a 36% premium to the 30-day volume weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs as of October 30, 2019,
the day prior to the date of the Amgen SPA; (b) assuming a conversion rate of US$1.00: HK$7.84, a 26% premium
to the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares as quoted on the HKEX on October 31, 2019, the date of the
Amgen SPA; and (c) a 26% premium to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ on October 31,
2019.




198      BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out
in the proxy statement/circular of the Company dated November 29, 2019. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2022:


                                                                             Actual              Actual    Unutilized net
                                                                       usage up to       usage up to proceeds as of
                                       Planned                       December 31,      December 31,        December 31,
                                  applications       Percentage                2021                2022             2022
                                    (US dollars       of total net      (US dollars          (US dollars     (US dollars
Use of proceeds                  in thousands)     proceeds (%)      in thousands)      in thousands)      in thousands)


To fund business
  operations(a)                      2,779,241          100.00%           1,869,643           2,080,068          699,173

Note (a):   To fund the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement by contributing cash
            and development services up to a total cap of approximately US$1.25 billion, the development, manufacturing
            and commercialization of the Company’s internally developed drug candidates, expansion of the Company’s
            commercialization activities, and for future capacity expansion and general corporate use, as appropriate, as
            previously disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated November 29, 2019.


The Company plans to gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with such intended purposes
depending on actual business, which is expected to be fully utilized by 2026. For further details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated November 1, 2019, December 9, 2019, and January 3, 2020.


On September 24, 2020, the Company entered into the Restated Second Amendment to amend the Amgen
SPA. Pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment, the Company granted Amgen the Direct Purchase Option to
subscribe for Additional Shares in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its
ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s outstanding share capital. The Direct Purchase Option is
exercisable on a monthly basis but only if Amgen’s interest in the outstanding share capital of the Company at the
monthly reference date drops below 20.4% solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by the
Company under its equity incentive plans from time to time. The aggregate number of Additional Shares shall not
exceed 75,000,000 shares during the term of the Direct Purchase Option.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022     ANNUAL REPORT        199
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The purchase price for the Additional Shares will be the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs
for the 90 days preceding the last trading day of the prior month. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen owns less
than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s sale of shares; (b) at least 60-
day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes to terminate the Direct
Purchase Option; or (c) the third anniversary of the date on which the exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commences. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting period.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 18, 2020, September 25, 2020
and the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated October 9, 2020.


In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate
of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of US$50,000,000
in a private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment. As of December 31, 2022, net proceeds
amounting to US$50,000,000 had been fully utilized.


Use of Net Proceeds from Share Subscription in July 2020


On July 15, 2020, the Company allotted and issued 145,838,979 ordinary shares of the Company to eight existing
investors for an aggregate cash consideration of approximately US$2.08 billion at a purchase price of US$14.2308
per ordinary share of the Company (equivalent to US$185 per ADS), in accordance with a share purchase
agreement dated July 12, 2020 pursuant to the general mandate granted to the Board pursuant to an ordinary
resolution of the shareholders passed at the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders to allot, issue and deal
with up to 202,995,338 ordinary shares.


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares are being used to: (a) fund the Company’s research and clinical
development activities, including expanding indications of its approved products, advancing its pipeline assets,
including both internally developed molecules and in-licensed compounds, and progressing and expanding its
preclinical programs; (b) advance business development activities to expand the Company’s commercial and
development-stage portfolio through in-licensing or acquisitions, as applicable, of additional technologies, drugs or
drug candidates, other assets or businesses, both within oncology and outside of oncology, or for other strategic
investments or opportunities; (c) invest in the commercialization of the Company’s approved products in China,
the United States and potentially other geographical markets; and (d) expand and further build out the Company’s
global organization and capabilities in areas including commercialization, manufacturing, and research and
development. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated July 13, 2020 and July
16, 2020.


As of December 31, 2022, the net proceeds had been fully utilized.




200    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Use of Net Proceeds from STAR Offering


On December 15, 2021, the Company completed STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The shares
offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in China in Renminbi
(RMB Shares) pursuant to the general mandate to issue shares, which was approved by the shareholders at the
Company’s 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders held on June 16, 2021. The public offering price of the
RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per RMB Share, which equates to HK$234.89 per ordinary share and US$391.68
per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 RMB Shares. The RMB Shares are not fungible with the
ordinary shares of the Company listed on the HKEX or with the ADSs representing the Company’s ordinary shares
listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commission and offering
expenses were US$3,392,616,000. The net proceeds from the STAR Offering have been and will be utilized in
accordance with the purposes set out in the STAR Prospectus, including (i) clinical development and research
project, (ii) research and development center construction, (iii) bio-manufacturing plant construction, (iv) sales
and marketing force expansion, and (v) working capital and general corporate purposes. As required by the PRC
securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the planned uses
as disclosed in the STAR prospectus as well as the Company’s proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering
approved by the Board.


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November 16, 2020, January 29, 2021, April
20, 2021, May 14, 2021, June 1, 2021, June 21, 2021, June 28, 2021, June 30, 2021, July 9, 2021, July 28, 2021,
October 15, 2021, November 16, 2021, November 23, 2021, November 24, 2021, November 29, 2021, November
30, 2021, December 2, 2021, December 6, 2021, December 7, 2021, December 13, 2021, December 21, 2021,
December 28, 2021, April 29, 2022, June 27, 2022, August 30, 2022, September 28, 2022 and the circular dated
April 30, 2021 of the Company.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT         201
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As of December 31, 2022, net proceeds amounting to RMB8.3 billion had been utilized, and the remaining RMB13.4
billion will be gradually utilized in accordance with such intended purposes depending on actual business needs,
and are expected to be fully utilized within five years after the completion of STAR Offering. The table below sets
out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2022:


                                                                                  Actual             Actual     Unutilized net
                                                                            usage up to        usage up to proceeds as of
                                                             Planned     December 31,        December 31,       December 31,
Use of proceeds                                         applications                2021               2022               2022
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


Clinical Development and Research Projects                13,245,940                    –        4,499,849           8,746,091
R&D Center Construction                                      467,700                    –          376,601              91,099
Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction                           150,000                    –          153,451              -3,451*
Sales & Marketing Force Expansion                            136,360                    –            71,580             64,780
Replenishment of Working Capital                           6,000,000                    –        2,662,674           3,337,326
Excess of Proceeds                                         1,630,155                    –          489,000           1,141,155


Total                                                     21,630,155                    –        8,253,155         13,377,000


*       The excess over the planned applications for Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction was provided by interest income from the
        STAR Offering proceeds.


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES


The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that we currently intend to retain all available funds and
earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to applicable law and our Articles, any future determination to pay
dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may be based on a number of factors, including our future
operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. This dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on our
financial and cash flow position. We intend to continue to review our dividend policy from time to time, and there
can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.




202      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. If we pay dividends
in the future, in order for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders and holders of ADSs, we may rely to some
extent on dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, and such distributions will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In addition, PRC
regulations currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated distributable after-
tax profits, as determined in accordance with our Articles and the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC.


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022.


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 296 and in Note 31 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively, among which the information of the distributable reserves is set forth in Note 31
to the consolidated financial statements.


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2022
are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS


The Group had US$538.1 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2022 (2021: US$629.7 million).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          203
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DONATION


During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$6.8 million
(2021: approximately US$0.7 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED


The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2022.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS


On March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”)
to the Amgen SPA as amended, by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. The Second Amendment was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in an
amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of
our outstanding shares. In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company
issued an aggregate of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration
of US$50 million, in a private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment.


Except as disclosed above and in the section headed “Share Schemes”, no equity-linked agreements were entered
into by the Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2022.




204    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS


The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of this annual report
are:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-Executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent Non-Executive Directors


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 1)
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Note 2)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi

Notes:


(1)    Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were appointed to the Board as non-executive
       Directors


(2)    The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive director effective from April 17, 2023.
       During the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive director of
       the Company.


*      On January 31, 2022, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board,
       Mr. Su also resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs
       Advisory Committee of the Board. On June 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy Chen resigned from the Board to devote more time to
       his other commitments. The decision by Mr. Chen to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the
       operations, policies, or practices of the Company. There is no other material matter in respect of Mr. Chen’s resignation
       that needs to be brought to the attention of shareholders of the Company or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
       In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Chen also resigned from the Compensation Committee and the
       Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee of the Board.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT            205
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2023 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2024 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2025 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board’s nominees for
election by the shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting are the current Class I members Mr. John V. Oyler,
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were appointed
to the Board in February 2022 by the Board through the filling of two vacancies, as permitted by our Articles. Dr.
Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were elected by the shareholders at the 2022 annual general meeting
of shareholders to serve as Class I Directors for a one-year term ending at 2023 annual general meeting. If elected,
Mr. John V. Oyler, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva will serve as a Director until the annual general
meeting of shareholders in 2026 and until her or his successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to her or his
earlier resignation or removal.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received from each of the independent non-executive
Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and considers each
of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed “Directors
and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION


Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, receives no compensation
for his service as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board,
also receives no compensation for his service as a Director. As set out below, pursuant to our Independent Director
Compensation Policy, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper receives compensation for his service as an independent director as
defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules.




206    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an Independent Director Compensation Policy, which was most recently amended on March
27, 2023 by the Board. The amended Independent Director Compensation Policy is part of a total compensation
package designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high caliber independent Directors
as defined under the listing rule of NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ Listing Rules”). Under the amended Independent
Director Compensation Policy, all independent Directors, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, are paid cash
compensation as set forth below, including an annual cash retainer of US$65,000, which reflects a US$5,000
increase from the existing annual retainer adopted in 2022, and additional fees for service as a member or chair of
each committee of the Board of Directors on which they serve, in each case, as noted below, each of which are
paid quarterly. The changes for the cash retainers, are effective commencing April 1, 2023. There are no changes in
the amount or composition of the equity award compared to the policy adopted in 2022.


                                                                                                  Annual Retainer
                                                                                                             (US$)


Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                 65,000 (1)
Audit Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               35,000 (2)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   17,500 (1)
Compensation Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               30,000 (2)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   15,000 (1)
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               18,000 (3)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                    9,000 (4)
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               20,000 (5)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   10,000 (6)
Scientific Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                               20,000 (5)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   10,000 (6)

Notes:


(1)   Increased by US$5,000 from 2022.


(2)   Increased by US$10,000 from 2022.


(3)   Increased by US$3,000 from 2022.


(4)   Increased by US$1,500 from 2022.


(5)   Increased by US$2,000 from 2022.


(6)   Increased by US$1,000 from 2022.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          207
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consistent with the current policy, under the amended Independent Director Compensation Policy, each
independent director, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, are granted equity awards in the form of share
options valued at US$400,000 in connection with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated for the
portion of the year served leading up to the first anniversary of the last annual meeting of shareholders, and annual
equity awards valued at US$400,000 on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders, which reflects no changes
from the existing annual equity awards adopted in 2021. Each of the awards will consist of 50% share options and
50% RSUs; provided, however, that to the extent that a grant of RSUs is subject to shareholder approval pursuant
to applicable listing rules (as is currently the case under the HK Listing Rules), (i) the initial grant shall consist
of 100% share options and (ii) the annual grant shall include RSUs only upon shareholder approval and, in the
absence of such shareholder approval, the annual grant shall consist of 100% share options. As under the current
policy, the equity awards will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of date of grant or the date of the
next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of specified events in connection
with a change of control of the Company. Subject to specific terms and conditions designed for compliance with
applicable tax and other regulations, Directors generally may elect to defer settlement of their RSUs until six months
following the date that the Director ceases to serve as a Director. The options have an exercise price equal to the
higher of (i) the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant and (ii) the average fair
market value of the Company’s ordinary shares over the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant,
in each case as determined in reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ. The equity
awards are granted under the 2016 Plan and form of award agreement thereunder. In addition, under the terms of
the 2016 Plan, the value of all equity awards and other cash compensation paid to each independent Director for
their service as an independent Director may not exceed US$1,000,000 in any calendar year (except in a Director’s
first year of service). We also reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by independent Directors in
attending board and committee meetings.


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted share ownership guidelines applicable to our non-
employee Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, to further align the interests
of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders. The share ownership guidelines are as follows:
our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times his annual base salary; our President must
hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of our other executive officers must hold equity
worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-employee Directors must hold equity worth at
least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Covered individuals and newly appointed or elected persons have
five years to achieve the ownership guideline.


The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2022 was approximately US$21.2 million and US$20.6 million, respectively. Details of the
remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive officer of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 26, Note 27
and Note 28, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and
there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




208    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employee Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler


Mr. John V. Oyler and the Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements on
April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler currently receives
a base salary of US$800,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with the Company’s
policy and subject to Board approval. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated between the Company and certain
of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler is eligible for an annual merit increase and an annual bonus, with a current target
level of 100% of his base salary, based on performance as recommended by the Compensation Committee and
determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also provide for certain transportation
and international travel benefits and tax preparation and equalization payments. His employment agreements have
an initial three-year term and automatically renew for additional one-year terms unless either party provides written
notice of non-renewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment can be terminated by the Company at any time. Mr. Oyler may
resign upon 60 days advance notice; so long as his resignation is not due to his employment with a competing
business, he may receive payment in lieu of notice. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we
will pay (i) accrued but unpaid base salary during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation time;
(iii) unpaid annual bonus from the previous calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses incurred, documented
and substantiated but not yet reimbursed (collectively, the “Final Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is
terminated by us other than for “cause” (as defined in his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his
employment for “good reason” (as defined in his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final
Compensation, (ii) a lump sum equal to the base salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as
defined below), (iii) the post-termination bonus calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of
days passed through the date of termination, (iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration by 20 months
of the vesting of his initial equity award in 2015 and all of his awards granted commencing in 2017, when he signed
his employment agreement (the “accelerated awards”). The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided that if
Mr. Oyler’s employment terminates during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in his
employment agreements), then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides
that the unvested portion of his awards will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment
agreements also prohibit him from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities during his employment
and for 18 months after the termination of his employment.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          209
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder, Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board and Director, has been providing
scientific and strategic advisory services to us since our founding in 2010. On July 24, 2018, we entered into a
Consulting Agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years (the “2018 Consulting Agreement”). On February
24, 2021, we entered into a new consulting agreement (the “2021 Consulting Agreement”) with Dr. Wang to renew
the consulting arrangement on substantially the same terms and conditions as his 2018 Consulting Agreement,
for services to be performed by Dr. Xiaodong Wang during the period starting on January 1, 2021 and ending on
December 31, 2023. Dr. Wang’s consulting services include leading the Company’s Scientific Advisory Board
and providing short- and long-term strategic advice to the Company in his areas of expertise, participating in the
Company’s leadership team meetings from time to time and interacting with the Company’s key stakeholders on
behalf of the Company and will continue to receive an annual fixed consulting fee of US$100,000 (subject to review
and adjustments by the Board of Directors from time to time) and such additional compensation, which, if any, shall
be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, subject to compliance with the requirements of the applicable
stock exchange listing rules. The 2021 Consulting Agreement is effective from January 1, 2021 and will expire on
December 31, 2023. The Company may terminate the 2021 Consulting Agreement upon 30 days’ prior notice to Dr.
Wang, provided that Dr. Wang will be entitled to payment for services performed prior to such date.


Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2023 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE


Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transaction” and Note 28 to the consolidated financial
statements contained in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31,
2022.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY


Pursuant to our Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of
their duty in their offices, other than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has
taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.




210     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts” in this annual report, no contract
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2022.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES


Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2022 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS


During the year ended December 31, 2022, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the HK Listing Rules.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT         211
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS


As of December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the ordinary shares (“Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which were required (a) to be
notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                   Number of           percentage
Name of Director                Nature of interest                                     Shares          of holding(1)


John V. Oyler                   Beneficial owner                                 25,204,014(2)              1.86%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust          9,633,361(3)             0.71%
                                Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child        102,188    (4)
                                                                                                           0.008%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust          7,727,927   (5)
                                                                                                            0.57%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust        29,072,476(6)              2.15%
                                Settlor of a trust                                  510,941    (7)
                                                                                                            0.04%
                                Interest of a minor child                           481,533(8)              0.04%
                                Other                                              1,456,052   (9)
                                                                                                            0.11%
Xiaodong Wang                   Beneficial owner                                 15,797,527   (10)
                                                                                                            1.17%
                                Interest of a minor child                           172,372(11)             0.01%
                                Interest in controlled corporation                4,123,998   (12)
                                                                                                            0.31%
                                Other                                             1,127,542   (13)
                                                                                                            0.08%
                                Interest of spouse                                        50(14)       0.000004%
Margaret Han Dugan              Beneficial owner                                     73,918(15)            0.005%
Donald W. Glazer                Beneficial owner                                  3,150,782(16)             0.23%
Michael Goller                  Person having a security interest in shares         413,335   (17)
                                                                                                            0.03%
Anthony C. Hooper               Beneficial owner                                    143,988   (18)
                                                                                                            0.01%
Ranjeev Krishana                Person having a security interest in shares         413,335(19)             0.03%
Thomas Malley                   Beneficial owner                                  1,326,083   (20)
                                                                                                            0.10%
Alessandro Riva                 Beneficial owner                                     73,918   (21)
                                                                                                           0.005%
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders     Beneficial owner                                    104,117(22)            0.008%
Qingqing Yi                     Beneficial owner                                    396,253   (23)
                                                                                                            0.03%




212    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 1,351,430,376 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2022.


(2)    Includes (1) 1,260,566 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 23,499,740 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 443,708 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.


(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ’s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(8)    These Shares are held by a trust, the beneficiaries of which include Mr. Oyler’s minor child and others, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(9)    These Shares are held by a private foundation of which Mr. Oyler and the other(s) serve as directors, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(10)   Includes (1) 5,464,801 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 10,219,971 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 112,755 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(11)   These Shares are held in a Uniform Transfers to Minors Act account for Dr. Wang’s minor child, in which Dr. Wang is
       deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(12)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2022    ANNUAL REPORT              213
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(13)   These Shares are held by a family trust which Dr. Wang’s family members are beneficiaries, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to
       be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(14)   These Shares are held by Dr. Wang’s spouse, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(15)   Includes (1) Dr. Dugan’s entitlement to receive up to 57,226 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Dr. Dugan’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(16)   Includes (1) 2,746,729 Shares held by Mr. Glazer; (2) Mr. Glazer’s entitlement to receive up to 379,561 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Glazer’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 24,492 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(17)   Includes (1) 17,082 Shares held by Mr. Goller; (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 379,561 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Goller’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(18)   Includes (1) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to receive up to 119,496 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (2) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 24,492 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(19)   Includes (1) 17,082 Shares held by Mr. Krishana;(2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 379,561 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Krishana’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(20)   Includes (1) 407,082 Shares held by Mr. Malley;(2) Mr. Malley’s entitlement to receive up to 902,309 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Mr.
       Malley’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(21)   Includes (1) Dr. Riva’s entitlement to receive up to 57,226 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject
       to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Dr. Riva’s entitlement to restricted share units
       equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(22)   Includes (1) 7,800 Shares held by Dr. Sanders; (2) Dr. Sanders’ entitlement to receive up to 79,625 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options and (3) Dr.
       Sanders’ entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(23)   Includes (1) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 379,561 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject
       to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to restricted share units
       equivalent to 16,692 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to
the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




214      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of December 31, 2022, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                     of Shares/    Approximate
                                                                                                     underlying     percentage
Name of Shareholder                    Capacity/Nature of interest                                       shares     of holding(1)


Amgen Inc.                             Beneficial owner                                          246,269,426              18.22%
Julian C. Baker(2)                     Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled                   152,875,363              11.31%
                                       corporations/Person having a security interest
                                       in shares
Felix J. Baker(2)                      Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled                   152,875,363              11.31%
                                       corporations/Person having a security interest
                                       in shares
Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC(2)       Investment manager/Other                                  152,419,703              11.28%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)             Investment manager/Other                                  152,419,703              11.28%
Baker Brothers Life                    Interest in controlled corporations/Other                 139,823,423              10.35%
  Sciences Capital, L.P.(2)
HHLR Fund, L.P.(3)                     Beneficial owner                                          129,433,059               9.58%
HHLR Advisors, Ltd.(3)                 Investment manager                                        133,587,655               9.88%
The Capital Group                      Interest in controlled corporations                       108,706,886               8.04%
  Companies, Inc.(4)
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(5)                Interest in controlled corporations                        13,269,714               0.98%
                                                                                               13,208,484 (S)           0.98%(S)
                                       Investment manager                                          1,192,989               0.09%
                                       Person having a security interest in shares                 1,210,887               0.09%
                                       Trustee                                                         6,565            0.0005%
                                       Approved lending agent                                     84,543,618               6.26%

Notes:

Unless otherwise specified, the above Shares are long position. (S) denotes short position.

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 1,351,430,376 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2022.

(2)   Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
      LLC is the general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP (“BBA”). BBA is the manager for securities held by 667, L.P. and
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P.. Also, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is the general partner of Baker Brothers
      Life Sciences, L.P. (the “Funds”). Unlisted derivatives include stock options and restricted stock received as compensation
      by two BBA employees (Michael Goller and Ranjeev Krishana) for their service on the Board of Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.
      and are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.        •       2022    ANNUAL REPORT           215
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      According to the corporate substantial shareholder notice for the date of relevant event of December 15, 2021 submitted
      by Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. to HKEx on December 15, 2021,140,543,649 Shares held by Baker Brothers
      Life Sciences, L.P. directly. For the purposes of the SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker, Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC and
      BBA are deemed to be interested in the 11,152,058 Shares held by 667, L.P. and the 140,543,649 Shares held by Baker
      Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled
      to the pecuniary interest. In addition, for the purposes of the SFO, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is deemed
      to be interested in the 140,543,649 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted
      derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


      Outside the Funds, each of Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker further interests in (in the form of ADSs) 270,868 Shares
      personally and 151,004 Shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.


(3)   (i) 133,587,655 Shares are held by HHLR Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P.; and (ii) 13,447,603 Shares are held by
      Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. HHLR Advisors, Ltd. acts as the sole general partner of YHG Investment, L.P. and the
      sole management company of HHLR Fund, L.P.. Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is the sole management company
      of Hillhouse Fund II, L.P., which owns Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the SFO, HHLR Advisors, Ltd. is deemed
      to be interested in the 133,587,655 Shares held by HHLR Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P. and Hillhouse Capital
      Management, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the
      SFO, Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited.


(4)   (i) 14,715,171 Shares are held by Capital International, Inc.; (ii) 715,234 Shares held by Capital International Limited; (iii)
      2,129,219 Shares are held by Capital International Sarl; and (iv) 87,554,010 Shares are held by Capital Research and
      Management Company; and (v) 198,926 Shares are held by Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited and (vi)
      3,394,326 Shares are held by Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc.


      Capital Group International, Inc. is wholly owned by Capital Research and Management Company. Capital International,
      Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited and
      Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. are wholly owned by Capital Group International, Inc. For the purposes of the
      SFO, Capital Research and Management Company and Capital Group International, Inc. are deemed to be interested in the
      21,152,876 Shares held by Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group
      Investment Management Private Limited, and Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Research and Management Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies Inc. For the purposes of
      the SFO, The Capital Group Companies Inc. is deemed to be interested in the 103,965,748 Shares held by Capital Research
      and Management Company directly and indirectly.


(5)   According to the shareholding disclosures notice regarding the relevant event dated December 29, 2022 submitted by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. to HKEx, an aggregated 100,505,091 shares (long position), 13,517,314 shares (short position)
      and 84,540,483 shares (lending pool) of the Company are held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. indirectly through its certain
      subsidiaries. Among them, 1,430,466 shares (long position) and 646,946 (short position) are cash settled unlisted
      derivatives.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




216     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE SCHEMES


The Company currently has four existing share schemes, namely the 2011 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2018 ESPP and
the 2018 Inducement Plan. Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the
2018 Inducement Plan was terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan.


From January 1, 2023, the Company will rely on the transitional arrangements provided for the existing share
schemes and will comply with the new Chapter 17 accordingly (effective from January 1, 2023).


49,490,753 new Shares representing approximately 3.69% of the weighted average number of Shares for the
Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible
participants pursuant to all of the share schemes. For avoidance of doubt, the aforementioned figures have
not taken into account the Shares to be purchased under the 2018 ESPP pursuant to the offering period from
September 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023, as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined until the end of
the offering period (i.e. March 31, 2023). Further details regarding each share scheme and the movements during
the Reporting Period under each share scheme is set out below.


1.   2011 Option Plan


     The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015
     and the Board determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when
     the 2016 Plan became effective.


     Purpose

     The purpose of the 2011 Plan is to enable persons providing (or expected to provide) services to the Company
     to acquire ordinary shares in the Company. Anyone having or expected to have a service relationship with
     the Company (including prospective employees or others, conditional upon their subsequent employment or
     service relationship) shall be eligible to receive Options under this Plan.


     Eligible Participants

     The Board or committee has full power to select the individuals to whom awards will be granted.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

     The overall limit on the number of underlying Shares pursuant to the 2011 Plan is 43,560,432 Shares. Given
     that no further options have been granted after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Plan became effective, the
     outstanding number of options would be equivalent to the number of Shares available for issue under the
     2011 Plan. As at January 1, 2022, 2,908,297 Shares were available for issue under the 2011 Plan. 265,109
     new Shares were issued during the period between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 pursuant to
     the 2011 Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2022 and as at April 18, 2023, 2,643,042 new Shares and
     1,688,704 new Shares (representing approximately 0.12% of the issued share capital of the Company as at
     April 18, 2023) were available for issue under the 2011 Plan, respectively.



                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT    217
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

      Under the 2011 Plan, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of options which may be granted to a
      single eligible participant under the 2011 Plan.


      Exercise Period

      The Board or committee may fix the term of each option, up to a maximum of 10 years from the grant date,
      and determine at what time or times each option may be exercised when granting an option.


      Vesting Period

      The Board or committee may determine the vesting period of each option.


      Exercise Price

      The option exercise price of each option granted under the 2011 Plan is determined by the Board or board
      committee and may not be less than the fair market value of an ordinary share on the date of grant or the par
      value of the shares issuable thereunder. The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is
      between US$0.01 and US$1.85 per Share.


      Remaining Life of the 2011 Plan

      The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the 2011 Plan and the Board determined not to grant any
      further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Plan became effective.


      Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018 (the
      “Prospectus”).




218    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           Outstanding Options under the 2011 Plan

           As of December 31, 2022, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
           Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
           days inclusive). Details of the movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2022 to
           December 31, 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Number of options
                                                                                                  Outstanding      Granted     Exercised         Cancelled                 Outstanding
                                                                                                        as at        during    during the           during Lapsed during         as at
                                                                                       Exercise    January 1, the Reporting    Reporting the Reporting the Reporting        December
Name of grantee      Role                Date of grant           Exercise period          price         2022         Period       Period            Period        Period     31, 2022


                     Directors of the Company


Xiaodong Wang        Non-executive       May 20, 2011(1)         10 years from the     US$0.01              –             –             –                –                           –
                       Director                                    date of grant
                                         April 3, 2013(1)        10 years from the     US$0.01       879,267              –             –                –                    879,267
                                                                   date of grant
                                         June 29, 2015(1)        10 years from the     US$0.50       500,000              –             –                –                    500,000
                                                                   date of grant
Thomas Malley        Independent         January 25, 2016(2)     10 years from the     US$1.85       552,752              –             –                –                    552,752
                       Non-executive                               date of grant
                       Director


                     Senior Management of the Company


Lai Wang             Global Head         July 6, 2012(3)         10 years from the     US$0.01            12              –             –                –           12              –
                       of R&D                                      date of grant
                                         April 3, 2013(3)        10 years from the     US$0.01            12              –             –                –                         12
                                                                   date of grant
                                         June 29, 2015(3)        10 years from the     US$0.50            11              –             –                –                         11
                                                                   date of grant
                     Other grantees


In aggregate         Employees           Between May 20,         10 years from the     Between       828,937              –     165,113(4)               –          130       663,694
                                           2011 and                date of grant     US$0.01 to
                                           January 31, 2016(3)                         US$1.85
In aggregate         Service providers   Between May 20,         10 years from the     Between       147,306              –      99,996(5)               –            4         47,306
                                           2011 and                date of grant     US$0.01 to
                                           January 31, 2016(3)                         US$1.85


Total                                                                                               2,908,297             –      265,109                 –          146      2,643,042


           Notes:


           (1)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
                  exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                  following the vest of the initial 20%.




                                                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.                 •      2022           ANNUAL REPORT                     219
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (2)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


      (3)   20%/25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80%/75%
            become exercisable in 48/36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of
            each month following the vest of the initial 20%/25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon
            change in control and/or termination.


      (4)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised was ranged from US$10.37 to US$20.74.


      (5)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised was ranged from US$10.08 to US$12.43.


2.    Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      The 2016 Plan was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
      2018 to amend and restate the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company on
      January 14, 2016.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the
      “Amendment No. 1”) to increase the number of authorized Shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan
      by 57,200,000 Shares, and to extend the term of the 2016 Plan through 2030, was approved by our Board
      on April 13, 2020 and by our shareholders on June 17, 2020. Additionally, an amendment to the 2016 Plan
      (the “Amendment No. 2”, and the 2016 Plan as amended by the Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2,
      the “Amended 2016 Plan”) to increase the number of authorized shares available for issuance under the 2016
      Plan by 66,300,000 ordinary shares, was approved by our Board on April 17, 2022 and by our shareholders on
      June 22, 2022.


      Further details of the 2016 Plan are set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Purpose

      The Amended 2016 Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to use various equity-based incentive and
      other awards as compensation tools to attract, retain and motivate our (and our subsidiaries’) workforce.
      These tools include share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units,
      unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights.


      Eligible Participants

      Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and other key persons (including
      consultants) as selected from time to time by the Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the
      Amended 2016 Plan.




220     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Amended 2016 Plan and our
other equity plans may not exceed 10% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of June 22, 2022 and the
aggregate number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to
be exercised under the Amended 2016 Plan and outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under
any other plan of the Company at any time may not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


As at January 1, 2022, 50,871,196 Shares were available for grant under the 2016 Plan. During the period
from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, awards representing 51,224,485 underlying Shares were granted
to eligible participants pursuant to the 2016 Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2022 and April 18, 2023,
75,034,504 and 74,808,629 Shares were available for grant under the 2016 Plan, respectively.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

As at January 1, 2022, 140,532,001 new Shares were available for issue under the 2016 Plan. During the
period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, 17,714,112 new Shares were issued pursuant to
the 2016 Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2022 and April 18, 2023, 189,114,821 new Shares and
184,187,444 new Shares (representing approximately 13.56% of the issued share capital of the Company as
at April 18, 2023) were available for issue under the 2016 Plan, respectively.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Grantee

Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2016 Plan and any other
equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in
issue at the date of any grant.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2022   ANNUAL REPORT      221
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Exercise and Vesting Period

      Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
      option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
      option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
      such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


      The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
      years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
      automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
      each option may be exercised.


      In respect of RSUs, our Compensation Committee may determine the conditions and restrictions of grant,
      which may include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment or service
      with us through a specified vesting period.


      Exercise Price

      The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
      less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
      (ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
      preceding the date of grant.


      Consideration

      No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options and RSUs under the 2016
      Plan.


      Expiration of the 2016 Plan

      The 2016 Plan will expire on April 13, 2030. The remaining life of the 2016 Plan is approximately 7 years.


      Movements of the Options under the 2016 Plan

      As of December 31, 2022, the Company has conditionally granted options to 1,078 participants under the
      Amended 2016 Plan. All of the options under the Amended 2016 Plan were granted between February 8, 2016
      and December 31, 2022 (both days inclusive). The exercise price of all the options granted under the 2016
      Plan is between US$0.5 and US$28.81 per Share.




222    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           As of January 1, 2022, 54,065,073 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016
           Plan, and as of December 31, 2022, 58,683,144 Shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
           movements of the options granted during the Reporting Period were as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                                                         Price on                                   Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                          Price on       day prior                  Outstanding   during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                                   Exercise            day prior to    to exercise      Exercise as at January    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role                       Date of grant         period                   grant(1)        date(2) (Grant) price       1, 2022      Period       Period        Period         Period     31, 2022


                  Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler     Executive Director,        November 16,          10 years from the      US$2.79             N/A       US$2.84       2,047,500           –            –             –              –    2,047,500
                    Chairman and               2016   (3)
                                                                     date of grant
                  Chief Executive Officer September 27,            10 years from the      US$6.73             N/A       US$7.70        935,000            –            –             –              –     935,000
                                               2017(3)               date of grant
                                             April 30, 2018(3)     10 years from the     US$13.37             N/A      US$13.04        996,810            –            –             –              –     996,810
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the     US$12.70             N/A      US$12.34       1,310,088           –            –             –              –    1,310,088
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the      US$9.25             N/A       US$9.23       2,193,282           –            –             –              –    2,193,282
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 17, 2020   (3)
                                                                   10 years from the     US$13.33             N/A      US$13.42       1,821,976           –            –             –              –    1,821,976
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the     US$25.54             N/A      US$26.53        906,906                         –             –              –     906,906
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 22, 2022(3)      10 years from the     US$11.74             N/A      US$11.98               –   1,887,678            –             –              –    1,887,678
                                                                     date of grant
Xiaodong Wang     Non-executive Director November 16,              10 years from the      US$2.79             N/A       US$2.84       1,613,430           –            –             –              –    1,613,430
                                               2016  (3)
                                                                     date of grant
                                             September 27,         10 years from the      US$6.73             N/A       US$7.70        750,000            –            –             –              –     750,000
                                               2017(3)               date of grant
                                             June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the     US$12.70             N/A      US$12.34        655,044            –            –             –              –     655,044
                                                                     date of grant
                                             June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the      US$9.25             N/A       US$9.23        747,708            –            –             –              –     747,708
                                                                     date of grant




                                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.                       •      2022         ANNUAL REPORT                           223
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                                                Price on                                     Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                              Price on          day prior                    Outstanding   during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                                       Exercise            day prior to       to exercise        Exercise as at January    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    December
Name of grantee      Role                   Date of grant              period                   grant   (1)
                                                                                                                   date(2)
                                                                                                                             (Grant) price       1, 2022      Period       Period        Period         Period     31, 2022


                                            June 17, 2020(3)           10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A       US$13.42         560,599            –            –             –              –     560,599
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 16, 2021(3)           10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A       US$26.53         241,839            –            –             –              –     241,839
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 22, 2022(3)           10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A       US$11.98                –     471,913            –             –              –     471,913
                                                                         date of grant
Anthony C. Hooper*   Non-executive Director March 3, 2020        (5)
                                                                       10 years from the     US$12.62                N/A       US$12.22           21,970           –            –             –              –      21,970
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 17, 2020(5)           10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A       US$13.42           45,383           –            –             –              –      45,383
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 16, 2021(5)           10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A       US$26.53           17,498           –            –             –              –      17,498
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 22, 2022(5)           10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A       US$11.98                –      34,645            –             –              –      34,645
                                                                         date of grant
Timothy Chen         Former Independent     February 8,                10 years from the      US$2.61          US$15.49          US$2.42        188,926            –      188,916             –             10           –
                      Non-executive           2016(4)                    date of grant
                       Director
                                            June 2, 2017(5)            10 years from the      US$2.94          US$13.93          US$3.15          65,988           –       65,988             –              –          —
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 6, 2018   (5)
                                                                       10 years from the     US$15.73                N/A       US$16.15           17,442           –            –             –              –      17,442
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 5, 2019(5)            10 years from the      US$9.25                N/A         US$9.23          64,610           –            –             –              –      64,610
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 17, 2020(5)           10 years from the     US$13.33                N/A       US$13.42           45,383           –            –             –              –      45,383
                                                                         date of grant
                                            June 16, 2021(5)           10 years from the     US$25.54                N/A       US$25.63           17,498           –            –             –              –      17,498
                                                                         date of grant
Margaret Han Dugan   Independent Non-       February 28,               10 years from the     US$16.47                N/A       US$16.22                –      22,581            –             –              –      22,581
                      executive Director      2022(5)                    date of grant
                                            June 22,                   10 years from the     US$11.74                N/A       US$11.98                –      34,645            –             –              –      34,645
                                              2022 (5)
                                                                         date of grant




224            BEIGENE, LTD.                  •           2022                  ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                              Number of options
                                                                                                             Price on                                     Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                           Price on          day prior                    Outstanding   during the   during the   during the      during the       as at
                                                               Exercise                 day prior to       to exercise        Exercise as at January    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    December
Name of grantee    Role                  Date of grant         period                        grant   (1)
                                                                                                                date(2)
                                                                                                                          (Grant) price       1, 2022      Period       Period        Period         Period     31, 2022


Donald W. Glazer   Independent Non-      April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the           US$2.84                N/A         US$2.83        199,992            –            –             –              –     199,992
                    executive Director                           date of grant
                                         June 6, 2018(5)       10 years from the          US$15.73                N/A       US$16.15           17,442           –            –             –              –      17,442
                                                                 date of grant
                                         June 5, 2019(5)       10 years from the           US$9.25                N/A         US$9.23          64,610           –            –             –              –      64,610
                                                                 date of grant
                                         June 17, 2020   (5)
                                                               10 years from the          US$13.33                N/A       US$13.42           45,383           –            –             –              –      45,383
                                                                 date of grant
                                         June 16, 2021(5)      10 years from the          US$25.54                N/A       US$25.63           17,498           –            –             –              –      17,498
                                                                 date of grant
                                         June 22, 2022(5)      10 years from the          US$11.74                N/A       US$11.98                –      34,645            –             –              –      34,645
                                                                 date of grant
Michael Goller     Independent Non-      April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the date      US$2.84                N/A         US$2.83        199,992            –            –             –              –     199,992
                    executive Director                         of grant
                                         June 6, 2018  (5)
                                                               10 years from the date     US$15.73                N/A       US$16.15           17,442           –            –             –              –      17,442
                                                               of grant
                                         June 5, 2019(5)       10 years from the date      US$9.25                N/A         US$9.23          64,610           –            –             –              –      64,610
                                                               of grant
                                         June 17, 2020(5)      10 years from the date     US$13.33                N/A       US$13.42           45,383           –            –             –              –      45,383
                                                               of grant
                                         June 16, 2021(5)      10 years from the date     US$25.54                N/A       US$25.63           17,498           –            –             –              –      17,498
                                                               of grant
                                         June 22, 2022   (5)
                                                               10 years from the date     US$11.74                N/A       US$11.98                –      34,645            –             –              –      34,645
                                                               of grant
Ranjeev Krishana   Independent Non-      April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the date      US$2.84                N/A         US$2.83        199,992            –            –             –              –     199,992
                    executive Director                         of grant
                                         June 6, 2018(5)       10 years from the date     US$15.73                N/A       US$16.15           17,442           –            –             –              –      17,442
                                                               of grant
                                         June 5, 2019(5)       10 years from the date      US$9.25                N/A         US$9.23          64,610           –            –             –              –      64,610
                                                               of grant
                                         June 17, 2020   (5)
                                                               10 years from the date     US$13.33                N/A       US$13.42           45,383           –            –             –              –      45,383
                                                               of grant
                                         June 16, 2021(5)      10 years from the date     US$25.54                N/A       US$25.63           17,498           –            –             –              –      17,498
                                                               of grant
                                         June 22, 2022(5)      10 years from the date     US$11.74                N/A       US$11.98                –      34,645            –             –              –      34,645
                                                               of grant




                                                                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.                         •      2022         ANNUAL REPORT                           225
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                                    Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised          Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                       Price on    day prior    Exercise          as at   during the   during the         during the    during the       as at
                                                                                    day prior to to exercise      (Grant)    January 1,   Reporting    Reporting          Reporting     Reporting    December
Name of grantee Role                   Date of grant            Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                      date(2)
                                                                                                                   price          2022       Period       Period             Period        Period     31, 2022


Thomas Malley   Independent Non-       June 2, 2017(5)          10 years from the     US$2.94           N/A      US$3.15       169,988            –            –                  –             –     169,988
                  executive Director                              date of grant
                                       June 6, 2018(5)          10 years from the    US$15.73           N/A     US$16.15         17,442           –            –                  –             –      17,442
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 5, 2019(5)          10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23         64,610           –            –                  –             –      64,610
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 17, 2020      (5)
                                                                10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42         45,383           –            –                  –             –      45,383
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(5)         10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498           –            –                  –             –      17,498
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)         10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –      34,645            –                  –             –      34,645
                                                                  date of grant
Corazon D.      Independent Non-       August 24, 2020(5) 10 years from the          US$18.50           N/A     US$18.26         27,482           –            –                  –             –      27,482
 Sanders          executive Director                              date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021      (5)
                                                                10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498           –            –                  –             –      17,498
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)         10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –      34,645            –                  –             –      34,645
                                                                  date of grant
Alessandro      Independent Non-       February 28,             10 years from the    US$16.47           N/A     US$16.22              –      22,581            –                  –             –      22,581
 Riva             executive Director     2022 (5)
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)         10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –      34,645            –                  –             –      34,645
                                                                  date of grant
Jing-Shyh       Former Independent April 1, 2018    (4)
                                                                10 years from the    US$12.92      US$13.85     US$12.72         63,290           –       63,284                  6             –           –
  (Sam) Su        Non-executive                                   date of grant
                  Director
                                       June 5, 2019(5)          10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23         64,610           –            –                  –             –      64,610
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 17, 2020      (5)
                                                                10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42         45,383           –            –                  –             –      45,383
                                                                  date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(5)         10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498           –            –             17,498             –           –
                                                                  date of grant




226          BEIGENE, LTD.                   •             2022         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                                 Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised          Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                    Price on    day prior    Exercise          as at   during the   during the         during the    during the       as at
                                                                                 day prior to to exercise      (Grant)    January 1,   Reporting    Reporting          Reporting     Reporting    December
Name of grantee Role                   Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                   date(2)
                                                                                                                price          2022        Period      Period             Period        Period     31, 2022


Qingqing Yi     Independent Non-       April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the     US$2.84           N/A      US$2.83       199,992             –           –                  –             –     199,992
                  executive Director                           date of grant
                                       June 6, 2018(5)       10 years from the    US$15.73           N/A     US$16.15         17,442            –           –                  –             –      17,442
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 5, 2019(5)       10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23         64,610            –           –                  –             –      64,610
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 17, 2020   (5)
                                                             10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42         45,383            –           –                  –             –      45,383
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(5)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63         17,498            –           –                  –             –      17,498
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(5)      10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –       34,645           –                  –             –      34,645
                                                               date of grant
                Senior Management of the Company


Xiaobin Wu      President, Chief       April 30, 2018(6)     10 years from the    US$13.37           N/A     US$13.04       766,599             –           –                  –             –     766,599
                  Operating Officer                            date of grant
                  and General
                  Manager of China
                                       June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23       797,550             –           –                  –             –     797,550
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 17, 2020(3)      10 years from the    US$13.42           N/A     US$13.33       756,821             –           –                  –             –     756,821
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021   (3)
                                                             10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$25.63       483,678             –           –                  –             –     483,678
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022(3)      10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –   1,061,814            –                  –             –    1,061,814
                                                               date of grant
Julia Wang      Chief Financial Officer June 30, 2020(3)     10 years from the    US$14.55           N/A     US$14.66       104,754             –           –                  –             –     104,754
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$26.53       177,853             –           –                  –             –     177,853
                                                               date of grant
                                       June 22, 2022   (3)
                                                             10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –     589,888            –                  –             –     589,888
                                                               date of grant




                                                                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.                    •      2022         ANNUAL REPORT                            227
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                               Number of options
                                                                                               Price on                Outstanding     Granted    Exercised          Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                  Price on    day prior    Exercise          as at   during the   during the         during the    during the       as at
                                                                               day prior to to exercise      (Grant)    January 1,   Reporting    Reporting          Reporting     Reporting    December
Name of grantee Role                 Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                 date(2)
                                                                                                              price          2022       Period       Period             Period        Period     31, 2022


Lai Wang        Global Head of R&D July 13, 2016(3)        10 years from the     US$2.27      US$10.66      US$2.29       233,948            –      233,948                  –             –           –
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 27, 2017(3)      10 years from the     US$3.50      US$10.66      US$3.49       999,999            –      999,999                  –             –           –
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the    US$12.70           N/A     US$12.34       364,208            –            –                  –             –     364,208
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 5, 2019 (3)
                                                           10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23       558,285            –            –                  –             –     558,285
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 17, 2020(3)      10 years from the    US$13.33           N/A     US$13.42       525,564            –            –                  –             –     525,564
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$26.53       332,527            –            –                  –             –     332,527
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 22, 2022(3)      10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98              –     707,876            –                  –             –     707,876
                                                             date of grant
Jane Huang      Former Chief Medical September 2,          10 years from the     US$2.26           N/A      US$2.27       207,575            –            –                  –             –     207,575
                  Officer, Hematology 2016(3)                date of grant
                                     June 27, 2017(3)      10 years from the     US$3.50           N/A      US$3.49       850,465            –            –                  –             –     850,465
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the    US$12.70      US$15.31     US$12.34       122,798            –       78,000                  –             –      44,798
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 5, 2019(3)       10 years from the     US$9.25           N/A      US$9.23       211,276            –            –            115,752             –      95,524
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 17, 2020   (3)
                                                           10 years from the    US$13.33      US$16.85     US$13.42       204,971            –       68,172            136,799             –           –
                                                             date of grant
                                     June 16, 2021(3)      10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$26.53       157,196            –            –            117,897             –      39,299
                                                             date of grant




228          BEIGENE, LTD.                 •            2022       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                               Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                  Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                               day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role               Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                 date (Grant) price
                                                                                                     (2)
                                                                                                                          1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Service Provider   July 13, 2016(3)      10 years from the     US$2.27           N/A     US$2.29         15,385           –            –            –                      15,385
                                                             date of grant
In Aggregate      Employees          July 13, 2016(3)      10 years from the     US$2.27      US$12.29     US$2.29      3,247,450           –       16,029            –               1    3,231,420
                                                             date of grant
                                     July 22, 2016(3)      10 years from the     US$2.13      US$13.97     US$2.10       105,487            –       14,001            –              26      91,460
                                                             date of grant
                                     July 22, 2016   (6)
                                                           10 years from the     US$2.13      US$14.94     US$2.10       981,325            –      194,025            –             692     786,608
                                                             date of grant
                                     July 29, 2016(3)      10 years from the     US$2.11           N/A     US$2.02            26            –            –            –              12          14
                                                             date of grant
                                     August 9, 2016(3) 10 years from the         US$2.04           N/A     US$2.10              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                                     August 22, 2016(3) 10 years from the        US$2.28           N/A     US$2.24              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                                     September 12,         10 years from the     US$2.33           N/A     US$2.42              –           –            –            –                           –
                                       2016(3)               date of grant
                                     September 19,         10 years from the     US$2.51           N/A     US$2.38              –           –            –            –                           –
                                       2016(3)               date of grant
                                     September 26,         10 years from the     US$2.35           N/A     US$2.27              –           –            –            –                           –
                                       2016   (3)
                                                             date of grant
                                     October 12,           10 years from the     US$2.48      US$12.06     US$2.42       134,498            –      134,492            –                           6
                                       2016   (3)
                                                             date of grant
                                     October 12,           10 years from the     US$2.48      US$12.02     US$2.42          1,020           –        1,020            –                           –
                                       2016(6)               date of grant
                                     October 17,           10 years from the     US$2.42           N/A     US$2.55         61,399           –            –            –                      61,399
                                       2016(3)               date of grant
                                     November 1,           10 years from the     US$2.56           N/A     US$2.57              –           –            –            –                           –
                                       2016   (3)
                                                             date of grant




                                                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022        ANNUAL REPORT                            229
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                      Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                         Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                      day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant      Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                        date (Grant) price
                                                                                            (2)
                                                                                                                 1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees    November 7,        10 years from the     US$2.43           N/A     US$2.46              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2016(3)              date of grant
                               November 8,        10 years from the     US$2.46           N/A     US$2.51              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2016    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               November 16,       10 years from the     US$2.79           N/A     US$2.84              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2016    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               November 21,       10 years from the     US$2.46           N/A     US$2.42              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2016(3)              date of grant
                               November 28,       10 years from the     US$2.49      US$17.48     US$2.38         39,000           –       39,000            –                           –
                                 2016(3)              date of grant
                               November 30,       10 years from the     US$2.43           N/A     US$2.44          1,274           –            –            –                       1,274
                                 2016    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               December 1,        10 years from the     US$2.44           N/A     US$2.37              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2016    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               December 9,        10 years from the     US$2.07           N/A     US$2.09         34,099           –            –            –                      34,099
                                 2016(3)              date of grant
                               January 3,         10 years from the     US$2.34      US$12.63     US$2.39         16,965           –        9,165            –                       7,800
                                 2017(3)              date of grant
                               January 5,         10 years from the     US$2.44           N/A     US$2.39         63,661           –            –            –                      63,661
                                 2017    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               January 9,         10 years from the     US$2.37      US$16.24     US$2.43       158,496            –       26,000            –                     132,496
                                 2017    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               January 17,        10 years from the     US$2.51           N/A     US$2.53              –           –            –            –                           –
                               2017(3)                date of grant
                               January 17,        10 years from the     US$2.51      US$15.06     US$2.53         88,556           –       41,340            –                      47,216
                               2017(6)                date of grant
                               January 23,        10 years from the     US$2.46      US$14.33     US$2.49       108,875            –      108,875            –                           –
                                 2017    (3)
                                                      date of grant
                               January 30,        10 years from the     US$2.80           N/A     US$2.62              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2017    (3)
                                                      date of grant




230            BEIGENE, LTD.     •             2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                               Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                  Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                               day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant                Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                 date (Grant) price
                                                                                                     (2)
                                                                                                                          1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees   February 1,                  10 years from the     US$2.68           N/A     US$2.77       144,989            –            –            –                     144,989
                                2017(3)                      date of grant
                              February 6,                  10 years from the     US$2.76           N/A     US$2.76         32,201           –            –            –                      32,201
                                2017   (3)
                                                             date of grant
                              February 8,                  10 years from the     US$2.67           N/A     US$2.78              –           –            –            –                           –
                                2017   (3)
                                                             date of grant
                              February 13,                 10 years from the     US$2.77      US$13.82     US$2.77         71,643           –       31,200            –                      40,443
                                2017(3)                      date of grant
                              February 27,                 10 years from the     US$2.97           N/A     US$2.93              –           –            –            –                           –
                                2017(3)                      date of grant
                              March 6, 2017(3)             10 years from the     US$3.14           N/A     US$3.06              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                              March 13, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$3.08      US$15.19     US$3.02       142,701            –       26,000            –                     116,701
                                                             date of grant
                              March 20, 2017         (3)
                                                           10 years from the     US$3.04           N/A     US$3.04         84,968           –            –            –                      84,968
                                                             date of grant
                              March 27, 2017(3) 10 years from the                US$2.79           N/A     US$2.79              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                              March 31, 2017(6) 10 years from the                US$2.81      US$15.60     US$2.82         85,683           –       44,278            –                      41,405
                                                             date of grant
                              April 3, 2017(3)             10 years from the     US$2.82      US$13.99     US$2.82          5,928           –        5,928            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                              April 10, 2017   (3)
                                                           10 years from the     US$2.86           N/A     US$2.91              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                              April 11, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$2.91           N/A     US$2.95              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant
                              April 17, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$2.92      US$13.91     US$2.95       109,590            –       98,163            –                      11,427
                                                             date of grant
                              April 24, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$2.82           N/A     US$2.89              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                             date of grant




                                                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022        ANNUAL REPORT                            231
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                                             Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                             day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant             Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                               date (Grant) price
                                                                                                   (2)
                                                                                                                        1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees    April 26, 2017(3)         10 years from the     US$3.01           N/A     US$3.09              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                           date of grant
                               May 1, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$3.14      US$15.86     US$3.13       531,245            –      270,582            –                     260,663
                                                           date of grant
                               May 2, 2017(6)            10 years from the     US$3.13      US$13.94     US$3.12       115,349            –       10,244          416                     104,689
                                                           date of grant
                               May 3, 2017   (3)
                                                         10 years from the     US$3.12           N/A     US$3.12         11,999           –            –            –                      11,999
                                                           date of grant
                               May 8, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$3.02           N/A     US$2.98              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                           date of grant
                               May 10, 2017(3)           10 years from the     US$2.88           N/A     US$2.92              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                           date of grant
                               May 15, 2017(3)           10 years from the     US$2.81           N/A     US$2.90          9,100           –            –            –                       9,100
                                                           date of grant
                               May 30, 2017    (3)
                                                         10 years from the     US$2.88           N/A     US$2.88         21,060           –            –            –                      21,060
                                                           date of grant
                               June 1, 2017(6)           10 years from the     US$2.83      US$14.68     US$2.94      1,150,045           –       55,848          507                    1,093,690
                                                           date of grant
                               June 12, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$2.99      US$10.69     US$3.00         12,844           –          117            –                      12,727
                                                           date of grant
                               June 14, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$3.04      US$14.12     US$3.05       776,581            –      192,686            –                     583,895
                                                           date of grant
                               June 15, 2017       (6)
                                                         10 years from the     US$3.05      US$14.64     US$3.04      4,029,896           –      872,989       10,088           2,535    3,144,284
                                                           date of grant
                               June 21, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$3.31           N/A     US$3.45         17,784           –            –            –                      17,784
                                                           date of grant
                               June 23, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$3.41           N/A     US$3.45              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                           date of grant
                               June 27, 2017(3)          10 years from the     US$3.50      US$11.75     US$3.49      2,233,309           –       49,296            –                    2,184,013
                                                           date of grant




232            BEIGENE, LTD.     •        2022               ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                              Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                 Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                              day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant               Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                date (Grant) price
                                                                                                    (2)
                                                                                                                         1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees   June 29, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$3.50           N/A     US$3.45         43,654           –            –            –                      43,654
                                                            date of grant
                              July 10, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$5.40      US$13.76     US$5.45       156,624            –      149,864            –                       6,760
                                                            date of grant
                              July 17, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$5.67      US$14.19     US$4.19         41,106           –       41,106            –                           –
                                                            date of grant
                              July 17, 2017   (6)
                                                          10 years from the     US$5.67      US$15.39     US$4.19       366,366            –       73,541            –                     292,825
                                                            date of grant
                              July 24, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$5.95           N/A     US$5.65              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                            date of grant
                              July 31, 2017(3)            10 years from the     US$5.58      US$15.50     US$5.42       119,574            –       14,911        4,667                      99,996
                                                            date of grant
                              July 31, 2017(6)            10 years from the     US$5.58      US$13.75     US$5.42       371,072            –       34,801            –                     336,271
                                                            date of grant
                              August 1, 2017        (3)
                                                          10 years from the     US$5.42      US$13.75     US$5.58       473,200            –      317,200            –                     156,000
                                                            date of grant
                              August 2, 2017(6) 10 years from the               US$5.58           N/A     US$5.45              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                            date of grant
                              August 3, 2017(3) 10 years from the               US$5.45           N/A     US$5.51         19,994           –            –            –                      19,994
                                                            date of grant
                              August 7, 2017(3) 10 years from the               US$5.56      US$16.15     US$5.95       114,309            –       16,809            –                      97,500
                                                            date of grant
                              August 8, 2017        (3)
                                                          10 years from the     US$5.95           N/A     US$6.03         12,649           –            –            –                      12,649
                                                            date of grant
                              August 10, 2017(3) 10 years from the              US$5.95           N/A     US$5.59              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                            date of grant
                              August 11, 2017(3) 10 years from the              US$5.59           N/A     US$5.46              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                            date of grant
                              August 17, 2017(3) 10 years from the              US$5.39      US$12.09     US$5.32         18,317           –       18,317            –                           –
                                                            date of grant




                                                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022        ANNUAL REPORT                            233
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                         Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                            Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                         day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                           date (Grant) price
                                                                                               (2)
                                                                                                                    1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees    August 25, 2017(3) 10 years from the        US$5.38           N/A     US$5.29              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                         date of grant
                               August 28, 2017(3) 10 years from the        US$5.29           N/A     US$5.28         24,167           –            –            –                      24,167
                                                         date of grant
                               August 31, 2017(3) 10 years from the        US$5.30           N/A     US$5.30              –           –            –            –                           –
                                                         date of grant


                               August 31, 2017(6) 10 years from the        US$5.30      US$14.79     US$5.30       281,242            –       96,096        4,550                     180,596
                                                         date of grant
                               September 5,          10 years from the     US$5.78           N/A     US$5.68       269,997            –            –            –                     269,997
                               2017   (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               September 12,         10 years from the     US$5.39           N/A     US$5.43              –           –            –            –                           –
                               2017(3)                   date of grant
                               September 13,         10 years from the     US$5.43           N/A     US$5.82              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2017       (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               September 18,         10 years from the     US$6.22           N/A     US$6.37         22,269           –            –            –                      22,269
                                 2017       (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               September 22,         10 years from the     US$6.53      US$16.62     US$6.55         90,155           –       21,567            –                      68,588
                                 2017       (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               September 25,         10 years from the     US$6.55      US$11.72     US$6.56       153,569            –       31,577            –                     121,992
                                 2017(3)                 date of grant
                               September 26,         10 years from the     US$6.56           N/A     US$8.71              –           –            –            –                           –
                                 2017       (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               September 29,         10 years from the     US$7.49           N/A     US$7.96         37,492           –            –            –                      37,492
                                 2017       (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               November 1,           10 years from the     US$7.10           N/A     US$6.84       226,356            –            –            –                     226,356
                                 2017       (3)
                                                         date of grant
                               November 30,          10 years from the     US$6.38           N/A     US$6.15         10,764           –            –            –                      10,764
                               2017(3)                   date of grant
                               January 5, 2018(3) 10 years from the        US$7.72           N/A     US$7.58         19,071           –            –            –                      19,071
                                                         date of grant




234            BEIGENE, LTD.     •                2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                        Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                           Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                        day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant         Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                          date (Grant) price
                                                                                              (2)
                                                                                                                   1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees   January 31,           10 years from the     US$9.52      US$13.34     US$10.44        84,385           –        4,368            –                      80,017
                                2018(3)               date of grant
                              February 28,          10 years from the    US$11.61           N/A     US$11.04         7,904           –            –            –                       7,904
                                2018   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              April 30, 2018(3)     10 years from the    US$13.37           N/A     US$13.04        17,407           –            –        2,990           8,268       6,149
                                                      date of grant
                              June 26, 2018   (3)
                                                    10 years from the    US$12.70      US$15.15     US$12.34      935,961            –       74,932        1,794          13,091     844,571
                                                      date of grant
                              June 29, 2018(3)      10 years from the    US$11.90           N/A     US$11.83        12,103           –            –            –                      12,103
                                                      date of grant
                              August 31, 2018(3) 10 years from the       US$13.67           N/A     US$13.66        13,741           –            –            –                      13,741
                                                      date of grant
                              August 31, 2018(7) 10 years from the       US$13.67           N/A     US$13.66      108,537            –            –            –                     108,537
                                                      date of grant
                              September 28,         10 years from the    US$13.28           N/A     US$13.25        65,433           –            –            –                      65,433
                                2018(3)               date of grant
                              September 28,         10 years from the    US$13.28           N/A     US$13.25        39,260           –            –            –                      39,260
                                2018(8)               date of grant
                              November 30,          10 years from the    US$11.07           N/A     US$11.79        11,028           –            –            –                      11,028
                                2018   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              December 31,          10 years from the    US$10.53      US$16.23     US$10.79      144,053            –        6,682        4,108                     133,263
                                2018   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              December 31,          10 years from the    US$10.53           N/A     US$10.79        12,727           –            –            –                      12,727
                                2018(8)               date of grant
                              January 25,           10 years from the     US$9.62           N/A     US$10.44        38,649           –            –            –                      38,649
                                2019(3)               date of grant
                              February 28,          10 years from the    US$10.77      US$15.13     US$10.54      130,754            –      107,718        7,436                      15,600
                                2019   (3)
                                                      date of grant
                              March 5, 2019(3)      10 years from the    US$11.68           N/A     US$11.51        78,494           –            –            –                      78,494
                                                      date of grant




                                                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022        ANNUAL REPORT                            235
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                                                Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                   Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                                day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant                Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                  date (Grant) price
                                                                                                      (2)
                                                                                                                           1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees    May 10, 2019(3)              10 years from the     US$9.33           N/A     US$10.32        44,213           –            –            –                      44,213
                                                              date of grant
                               June 5, 2019(3)              10 years from the     US$9.25      US$14.31      US$9.23     3,074,162           –      524,186      249,249           1,651    2,299,076
                                                              date of grant
                               June 28, 2019(3)             10 years from the     US$9.67           N/A      US$9.53        38,714           –            –       24,609                      14,105
                                                              date of grant
                               August 30, 2019 10 years from the
                                                      (3)
                                                                                 US$11.14           N/A     US$11.06        97,201           –            –            –                      97,201
                                                              date of grant
                               November 29,                 10 years from the    US$15.71           N/A     US$15.83        39,221           –            –       14,105          25,116           –
                                 2019(3)                      date of grant
                               December 31,                 10 years from the    US$12.80           N/A     US$12.92        29,523           –            –       13,689                      15,834
                                 2019   (3)
                                                              date of grant
                               March 3,                     10 years from the    US$12.62      US$15.08     US$12.19        20,657           –        7,800       12,857                           –
                                 2020   (3)
                                                              date of grant
                               March 31, 2020        (3)
                                                            10 years from the     US$9.65           N/A      US$9.67      294,775            –            –            –                     294,775
                                                              date of grant
                               May 12, 2020(3)              10 years from the    US$12.56      US$15.19     US$12.18        38,597           –       23,920       14,677                           –
                                                              date of grant
                               May 29, 2020(3)              10 years from the    US$12.49      US$13.08     US$12.73        21,281           –       11,505        9,776                           –
                                                              date of grant
                               June 17, 2020(3)             10 years from the    US$13.33      US$15.26     US$13.42     2,220,140           –       92,690      484,666          99,541    1,543,243
                                                              date of grant
                               June 30, 2020   (3)
                                                            10 years from the    US$14.55           N/A     US$14.66      212,771            –            –            –                     212,771
                                                              date of grant
                               August 7, 2020(3) 10 years from the               US$17.24           N/A     US$16.99        40,248           –            –            –                      40,248
                                                              date of grant
                               August 31, 2020(3) 10 years from the              US$18.69           N/A     US$18.85        14,040           –            –        8,528           5,512           –
                                                              date of grant
                               September 30,                10 years from the    US$21.65           N/A     US$22.03         8,021           –            –            –                       8,021
                                 2020   (3)
                                                              date of grant




236            BEIGENE, LTD.     •            2022              ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                         Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                            Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                         day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role        Date of grant          Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                           date (Grant) price
                                                                                               (2)
                                                                                                                    1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees   November 6,            10 years from the    US$23.08           N/A     US$23.07      175,708            –            –            –                     175,708
                                2020(3)                date of grant
                              November 30,           10 years from the    US$21.99           N/A     US$20.99        26,962           –            –        5,915           5,291      15,756
                                2020    (3)
                                                       date of grant
                              January 22,            10 years from the    US$27.46           N/A     US$28.81        64,441           –            –        6,890           2,288      55,263
                                2021    (3)
                                                       date of grant
                              February 26,           10 years from the    US$25.36           N/A     US$25.81         6,331           –            –            –                       6,331
                              2021(3)                  date of grant
                              March 31, 2021(3) 10 years from the         US$25.61           N/A     US$26.78      158,834            –            –        7,514           2,496     148,824
                                                     date of grant
                              May 7, 2021(3)         10 years from the    US$24.15           N/A     US$24.78        84,240           –            –            –                      84,240
                                                       date of grant
                              May 28, 2021(3)        10 years from the    US$27.00           N/A     US$27.58      121,485            –            –            –                     121,485
                                                       date of grant
                              June 16, 2021    (3)
                                                     10 years from the    US$25.54           N/A     US$26.53     2,333,955           –            –      408,096          86,437    1,839,396
                                                       date of grant
                              June 30, 2021(3)       10 years from the    US$27.48           N/A     US$27.28        88,829           –            –       29,432                      59,397
                                                       date of grant
                              August 6, 2021(3) 10 years from the         US$25.84           N/A     US$25.61      158,262            –            –        7,839                     150,423
                                                       date of grant
                              August 31, 2021(3) 10 years from the        US$23.22           N/A     US$23.72      153,322            –            –            –                     153,322
                                                       date of grant
                              September 30,          10 years from the    US$27.81           N/A     US$28.73        61,230           –            –        4,212                      57,018
                                2021(3)                date of grant
                              November 5,            10 years from the    US$28.38           N/A     US$28.08        45,786           –            –            –                      45,786
                                2021(3)                date of grant
                              November 30,           10 years from the    US$26.40           N/A     US$26.85        64,649           –            –            –                      64,649
                                2021    (3)
                                                       date of grant
                              December 31,           10 years from the    US$21.03           N/A     US$20.84        59,332           –            –            –                      59,332
                                2021    (3)
                                                       date of grant




                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022        ANNUAL REPORT                            237
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                              Price on               Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                 Price on    day prior                     as of   during the   during the   during the      during the       as of
                                                                              day prior to to exercise    Exercise      January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant              Exercise period         grant(1)
                                                                                                date (Grant) price
                                                                                                    (2)
                                                                                                                         1, 2022      Period       Period       Period          Period     31, 2022


In Aggregate      Employees    January 27,                10 years from the    US$17.27           N/A     US$18.61             –     371,059            –            –                     371,059
                                 2022(3)                    date of grant
                               February 28,               10 years from the    US$16.47           N/A     US$16.22             –     171,626            –            –                     171,626
                                 2022   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               March 31, 2022(3) 10 years from the             US$15.85           N/A     US$15.46             –     135,694            –            –                     135,694
                                                            date of grant
                               May 6, 2022    (3)
                                                          10 years from the    US$12.27           N/A     US$12.50             –      80,821            –            –                      80,821
                                                            date of grant
                               May 31, 2022(3)            10 years from the    US$10.30           N/A     US$10.56             –     123,604            –            –                     123,604
                                                            date of grant
                               June 22, 2022(3)           10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98             –   6,111,027            –      294,337                    5,816,690
                                                            date of grant
                               June 22, 2022(9)           10 years from the    US$11.74           N/A     US$11.98             –      11,804            –            –                      11,804
                                                            date of grant
                               June 30, 2022        (3)
                                                          10 years from the    US$12.48           N/A     US$12.81             –      77,974            –            –                      77,974
                                                            date of grant
                               August 5, 2022(3) 10 years from the             US$14.70           N/A     US$14,96             –     188,929            –            –                     188,929
                                                            date of grant
                               August 31,                 10 years from the    US$12.73           N/A     US$13.32             –      22,009            –            –                      22,009
                                 2022   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               September 30,              10 years from the    US$10.48           N/A     US$10.58             –      66,690            –            –                      66,690
                                 2022   (3)
                                                            date of grant
                               November 10,               10 years from the    US$13.56           N/A     US$14.52             –      54,106            –            –                      54,106
                                 2022(3)                    date of grant
                               November 30,               10 years from the    US$13.84           N/A     US$14.74             –      17,745            –            –                      17,745
                                 2022(3)                    date of grant
                               December 30,               10 years from the    US$17.22           N/A     US$17.26             –       7,592            –            –                       7,592
                                 2022   (3)
                                                            date of grant



Total                                                                                                                 54,065,073 12,516,816     5,623,280    2,022,498         252,967 58,683,144




238            BEIGENE, LTD.     •            2022            ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


*     Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and has been
      redesignated as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since April 17, 2023.


(1)   The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
      to the grant date.


(2)   The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
      day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


(3)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
      anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
      relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
      installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
      25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


(4)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


(5)   100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the 1st anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
      next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or
      termination.


(6)   20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
      exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
      following the vest of the initial 20%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control
      and/or termination.


(7)   The options become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, beginning on the last day of the first month after
      grant.


(8)   The options become exercisable upon satisfaction of specified performance targets, including certain financial targets
      and management targets as set out in the relevant grant letters.


(9)   50% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 50% become
      exercisable in 12 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
      following the vest of the initial 50%.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT             239
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Further details of the outstanding options granted under the 2016 Plan during the Reporting Period are as
        follows:


                               Number
                             of options                                                                    Closing price
                                granted                                                                    of the Shares       Fair value of
                             during the                         Vesting /                                   immediately      the options at
                             Reporting                          Exercise        Exercise   Performance         before the       the date of
Name                             Period         Date of grant     period     price (US$)         targets            grant            grant(3)


Directors


John V. Oyler                 1,887,678        June 22, 2022           (1)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74      US$11,999,969
Xiaodong Wang                   471,913        June 22, 2022           (1)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74       US$2,999,951
Anthony Hooper                   34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Margaret Han Dugan               22,581     February 28, 2022          (2)    US$16.22                –       US$16.47        US$149,037
Margaret Han Dugan               34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Donald W. Glazer                 34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Michael Goller                   34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Ranjeev Krishana                 34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Thomas Malley                    34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Corazon D. Sanders               34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Alessandro Riva                  22,581     February 28, 2022          (2)    US$16.22                –       US$16.47        US$149,037
Alessandro Riva                  34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967
Qingqing Yi                      34,645        June 22, 2022           (2)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74        US$199,967


Senior Managements


Xiaobin Wu                    1,061,814        June 22, 2022           (1)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74       US$6,749,952
Julia Wang                      589,888        June 22, 2022           (1)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74       US$3,749,918
Lai Wang                        707,876        June 22, 2022           (1)    US$11.98                –       US$11.74       US$4,499,968


Other grantees


Employee Participants
                                          January 27, 2022 –                 US$10.56-                        US$10.30-
In aggregate                  7,440,680   December 30, 2022            (1)    US$18.61                –        US$17.27     US$48,008,319


Total                        12,516,816                                                                                     US$80,105,854


        Notes:


        (1)    25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
               anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
               relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
               installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
               25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.




240         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          (2)        100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the 1st anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
                     next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or
                     termination.


          (3)        The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
                     preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined using the binomial method, which is
                     calculated by a third party. The binomial model uses a number of variables to calculate the fair value, including the
                     post-vesting forfeiture rate, the risk-free rate of interest, volatility, contractual life, etc.


          Movements of RSUs under the 2016 Plan

          As of December 31, 2022, the Company has conditionally granted RSUs to 13,150 participants under the
          Amended 2016 Plan. All of the RSUs under the Amended 2016 Plan were granted between September 26,
          2017 and December 31, 2022 (both days inclusive).


          As of January 1, 2022, 35,546,446 Shares were outstanding pursuant to RSUs granted under the 2016 Plan,
          and as of December 31, 2022, 55,397,173 Shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
          movements of the unvested RSUs are set out below:


                                                                                                                       Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                            Closing price on
                                                                    Price on Day    Outstanding as    Granted during    Vested during   Forfeited during   Outstanding as   the day prior to
                                                                         Prior to     of January 1,    the Reporting    the Reporting     the Reporting      of December       vesting date
Name of grantee         Role                       Date of grant       the Grant              2022           Period           Period             Period          31, 2022      during 2022(1)


                        Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler           Executive Director,
                          Chairman and
                        Chief Executive Officer    April 30, 2018     US$13.37             143,754                –          143,754                  –                 –         US$12.19
                                                   June 26, 2018      US$12.70              47,086                –           47,086                  –                 –         US$12.02
                                                   June 16, 2021      US$25.54             146,250                –           36,556                  –          109,694          US$10.52
                                                   June 22, 2022      US$11.74                   –          334,009                –                  –          334,009                    -
Xiaodong Wang           Non-executive Director     June 26, 2018      US$12.70              23,543                 –          23,543                  –                 –         US$12.02
                                                   June 16, 2021      US$25.54              39,000                 –           9,750                  –           29,250          US$10.52
                                                   June 22, 2022      US$11.74                   –           83,499                –                  –           83,499                    -
Anthony C. Hooper       Non-executive Director     June 16, 2021      US$25.54               7,800                 –                –                 –             7,800                   -
                                                   June 22, 2022      US$11.74                   –           16,692                 –                 –           16,692                    -
Timothy Chen            Former Independent Non-    June 16, 2021       US$25.54              7,800                 –           7,800                  –                 –         US$10.52
                          executive Director
Margaret Han Dugan      Independent Non-           June 22, 2022       US$11.74                  –           16,692                 –                 –           16,692                    -
                          executive Director
Donald W. Glazer        Independent Non-           June 16, 2021       US$25.54              7,800                 –                –                 –             7,800                   -
                          executive Director
                                                   June 22, 2022       US$11.74                  –           16,692                 –                 –           16,692                    -



                                                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022         ANNUAL REPORT                          241
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                     Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                          Closing price on
                                                                  Price on Day    Outstanding as    Granted during    Vested during   Forfeited during   Outstanding as   the day prior to
                                                                       Prior to     of January 1,    the Reporting    the Reporting     the Reporting      of December       vesting date
Name of grantee       Role                        Date of grant      the Grant              2022           Period           Period             Period          31, 2022      during 2022(1)


Michael Goller        Independent Non-            June 16, 2021     US$25.54               7,800                –            7,800                  –                 –         US$10.52
                       executive Director
                                                  June 22, 2022     US$11.74                   –           16,692                –                  –           16,692                    -
Ranjeev Krishana      Independent Non-            June 16, 2021     US$25.54               7,800                –            7,800                  –                 –         US$10.52
                       executive Director
                                                  June 22, 2022     US$11.74                   –           16,692                –                  –           16,692                    -
Thomas Malley         Independent Non-            June 16, 2021     US$25.54               7,800                 –           7,800                  –                 –         US$10.52
                       executive Director
                                                  June 22, 2022     US$11.74                   –           16,692                –                  –           16,692                    -
Corazon D. Sanders    Independent Non-            June 16, 2021     US$25.54               7,800                 –           7,800                  –                 –         US$10.52
                       executive Director
                                                  June 22, 2022     US$11.74                   –           16,692                –                  –           16,692                    -
Alessandro Riva       Independent Non-            June 22, 2022     US$11.74                   –           16,692                 –                 –           16,692                    -
                       executive Director
Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su    Former Independent Non-     June 16, 2021     US$25.54               7,800                 –                –             7,800                 –                   -
                       executive Director
Qingqing Yi           Independent Non-            June 16, 2021      US$25.54              7,800                 –           7,800                  –                 –         US$10.52
                       executive Director
                                                  June 22, 2022      US$11.74                  –           16,692                 –                 –           16,692




242              BEIGENE, LTD.              •   2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                 Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                      Closing price on
                                                                                              Outstanding as    Granted during    Vested during   Forfeited during      Outstanding   the day prior to
                                                                              Price on Day      of January 1,    the Reporting    the Reporting     the Reporting    as of December      vesting date
Name of grantee   Role                                     Date of grant Prior to the Grant             2022           Period           Period             Period          31, 2022      during 2022(1)


                  Senior Management of
                    the Company


Xiaobin Wu        President, Chief Operating Officer       April 30, 2018        US$13.37            459,979                –          229,970                  –           230,009         US$12.19
                  and General Manager of China
                                                           June 5, 2019            US$9.25           216,736                –          108,368                  –           108,368         US$10.58
                                                          June 17, 2020          US$13.33            100,620                –           33,527                  –            67,093         US$10.29
                                                          June 16, 2021          US$25.54             78,000                –           19,500                  –            58,500         US$10.52
                                                          June 22, 2022          US$11.74                  –          187,876                –                  –           187,876                   -
Julia Wang        Chief Financial Officer                 June 30, 2020          US$14.55             41,405                 –          13,793                  –            27,612         US$12.48
                                                          June 16, 2021          US$25.54             28,678                 –           7,163                  –            21,515         US$10.52
                                                       February 28, 2022         US$16.47                  –           61,750                 –                 –            61,750                   -
                                                          June 22, 2022          US$11.74                  –          104,377                 –                 –           104,377                   -
Lai Wang          Global Head of R&D                      June 26, 2018          US$12.70             13,104                 –          13,104                  –                 –         US$12.02
                                                           June 5, 2019            US$9.25            37,947                 –          18,954                  –            18,993         US$10.68
                                                          June 17, 2020          US$13.33             69,875                 –          23,283                  –            46,592         US$10.29
                                                          June 16, 2021          US$25.54             53,625                 –          13,403                  –            40,222         US$10.52
                                                          June 22, 2022          US$11.74                  –          125,255                 –                 –           125,255                   -




                                                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.                   •       2022         ANNUAL REPORT                          243
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                Number of RSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                     Closing price on
                                                                                             Outstanding as    Granted during    Vested during   Forfeited during      Outstanding   the day prior to
                                                                             Price on Day      of January 1,    the Reporting    the Reporting     the Reporting    as of December      vesting date
Name of grantee    Role                                   Date of grant Prior to the Grant             2022           Period           Period             Period          31, 2022      during 2022(1)


Jane Huang         Former Chief Medical Officer,          June 26, 2018         US$12.70             11,141                –           11,141                  –                 –         US$12.02
                   Hematology
                                                           June 5, 2019           US$9.25            31,434                –           15,704             15,730                 –         US$10.68
                                                          June 17, 2020         US$13.33             36,335                –           12,103             24,232                 –         US$10.29
                                                          June 16, 2021         US$25.54             25,350                 –            6,331            19,019                 –         US$10.52


Other Grantees


In Aggregate       Employees                       Between January 31,          US$18.55         33,848,542                 –       11,219,715         4,422,860        18,205,967                  (2)
                                                   2018 to December 31,
                                                   2021
                                                   Between January 1,           US$12.46                  –       37,617,853             2,938         2,276,469        35,338,446                  (3)
                                                   2022 to December 31,
                                                   2022
In Aggregate       Service Providers               Between February 4,          US$12.01             23,842                 –          15,158                  –             8,684                  (4)
                                                   2019 to December 31,
                                                   2021
                                                   Between January 1,           US$17.70                  –           42,822           19,188                  –            23,634                  (5)
                                                   2022 to December 31,
                                                   2022


Total                                                                                            35,546,446       38,707,669        12,090,832         6,766,110        55,397,173


Notes:


(1)       The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day
          immediately prior to the date which the RSUs were vested.


(2)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.10 to US$16.92.


(3)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was US$16.92.


(4)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.10 to US$16.92.


(5)       The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
          date which the RSUs vested was US$16.92.




244            BEIGENE, LTD.                 •     2022          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Further details of the unvested RSUs granted during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                         Number of
                                       RSUs granted
                                          during the                                                            Price on day        Fair value of
                                          Reporting                                            Performance            prior to      RSUs at the
Name                                          Period        Date of grant   Vesting period           targets        the grant     date of grant(4)

Directors
John V. Oyler                               334,009         June 22, 2022               (1)               –        US$11.74        US$3,999,886
Xiaodong Wang                                83,499         June 22, 2022               (1)               –        US$11.74         US$999,933
Anthony C. Hooper                            16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Margaret Han Dugan                           16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Donald W. Glazer                             16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Michael Goller                               16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Renjeev Krishana                             16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Thomas Malley                                16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Corazon D. Sanders                           16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Alessandro Riva                              16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Qingqing Yi                                  16,692         June 22, 2022               (2)               –        US$11.74         US$199,893
Senior Management
Xiaobin Wu                                  187,876         June 22, 2022               (1)               –        US$11.74        US$3,999,886
                                                             February 28,
Julia Wang                                   61,750                  2022               (1)               –        US$16.47         US$999,970
Julia Wang                                  104,377         June 22, 2022               (1)               –        US$11.74        US$4,999,873
Lai Wang                                    125,255         June 22, 2022               (1)               –        US$11.74        US$5,999,945
Other grantees by category
Employee Participants
                                                       January 31, 2022 –                                         US$10.48-
In aggregate                             37,617,853    December 30, 2022                (1)               –        US$16.38      US$458,791,912
                                                       January 31, 2022 –                                         US$16.38-
Service Providers                            42,822    December 30, 2022                (3)               –        US$17.22         US$757,899


Total                                    38,707,669                                                                              US$482,348,341

        Notes:

        (1)    25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee
                remained in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date;
                provided, however, that certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of
                employment, if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.

        (2)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the 1st anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual
                general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.

        (3)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
                relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying
                Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in
                such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.

        (4)         The fair values of the RSUs are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
                    preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the closing price of the
                    Company’s ADSs on NASDAQ on the date of grant.


                                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.          •     2022      ANNUAL REPORT               245
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.    Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


      The 2018 ESPP was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
      2018 to amend and restate the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on
      June 6, 2018. On June 5, 2019, the Board approved Amendment No. 1 to the 2018 ESPP. In June 2021, our
      Board adopted the third amended and restated 2018 ESPP to include some technical amendments under U.S.
      tax rules and to consolidate the changes in the prior amendment, which became effective on September 1,
      2021.


      Purpose

      The 2018 ESPP is to provide the Company’s employees with the opportunity to acquire an ownership interest
      in the Company, encouraging them to remain in our employ and more closely aligning their interests with
      those of our shareholders.


      The 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at a 15%
      discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at the
      end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.


      The 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has the authority
      to interpret the provisions of the 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in
      administering it.


      Eligible Participants and Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

      All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who are employed as of the first day of the
      applicable offering and have been employed as of the commencement of the enrollment period for such
      offering are eligible to participate in the 2018 ESPP, other than employees who would own 5% or more of the
      voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to purchase Shares under the 2018 ESPP.


      To participate in the 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount not less
      than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation, including
      regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our Compensation
      Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances
      and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gain on the
      exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.




246    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. For the purpose of disclosure in this annual
report, such offering period is considered to be the vesting period.


An eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will
refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full. Partial withdrawals are not permitted.


Purchase Price and Basis of Determination

Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the
first local business day of the offering period or the last local business day of the offering period, whichever is
lower.


Accordingly, the number of Shares purchased can only be determined after the end of offering period subject
to the determination of the purchase price. If the number of unsold Shares that are available for purchase
under the 2018 ESPP is insufficient to permit exercise of all rights deemed exercised by all participating
employees, a participation adjustment will be made, and the number of Shares purchasable by all participating
employees will be reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a participating employee’s account after
such exercise are refunded to the employee, without interest.


If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
the employee.


In the event of a recapitalization, reclassification, share split, reverse split, combination of shares, exchange
of shares, share dividend, or similar event, the number and kind of shares that may be purchased under the
2018 ESPP will be adjusted proportionately such that the proportionate interest of participating employees
remains the same, to the extent practicable. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will
be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or
substituted, the offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by
setting a new exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           247
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

      A maximum of 7,355,315 Shares are available for grant under the 2018 ESPP.


      As at January 1, 2022 5,194,546 Shares were available for grant under the 2018 ESPP. The aforementioned
      figure had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which commenced from
      September 1, 2021 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at January 1, 2022. During
      the Reporting Period, 1,528,475 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees pursuant to
      the 2018 ESPP. It follows that, as at December 31, 2022 and April 18, 2023, 3,666,071 and 2,735,219 Shares
      were available for grant under the 2018 ESPP, respectively. The aforementioned figure as at December 31,
      2022 had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which commenced from
      September 1, 2022 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at December 31, 2022.


      Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

      A maximum of 7,355,315 Shares are available for purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP. As at January
      1, 2022, 5,194,546 new Shares were available for purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP. During the
      Reporting Period, 1,528,475 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees pursuant to the
      2018 ESPP following the end of the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2021 and March
      1, 2022. It follows that, as at December 31, 2022 and April 18, 2023, 3,666,071 and 2,735,219 Shares (being
      approximately 0.20% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 18, 2023) were available for
      purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP, respectively.


      Remaining Life of the 2018 ESPP

      The 2018 ESPP was approved by shareholders on December 7, 2018 and shall remain in effect for ten years
      from such date unless terminated earlier by the Board. The remaining life of the 2018 ESPP is approximately 5.5
      years.


      Grants under the 2018 ESPP

      2,992, 3,106 and 3,039 eligible employees (including senior management members) participated in the 2018
      ESPP during the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2021, March 1, 2022 and September 1,
      2022, respectively.




248    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Details of the grants under the 2018 ESPP are as follows:

                                                                                                 Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                       deduction
                                                                            Purchase price    amounts authorized
                                                                          in respect of the        by the eligible
                                                                         Shares purchased       employees at the
                                                                          at the end of the      beginning of the
                                                                            offering period      offering periods
                                                                                     which                 which
                                                                           commenced on           commenced on                       Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                                  March 1, 2022     September 1, 2021                  purchased during
                             First day of                     Vesting/   and September 1,           and March 1,               the Reporting Period
Name                         offering period           Offering period          2021 (US$)       2022 (US$) Note (1)                     (US$) Note (2)

Senior Management
Aijun Wang                   September 1, 2021              6 months             US$13.76               US$10,623         US$6,800 (equivalent to
                                                                                                                  494 Shares purchased based on
                                                                                                                    a purchase price of US$13.76)
Xiaobin Wu                   September 1, 2021              6 months             US$11.22               US$15,117     US$8,317 (equivalent to 741
                               and March 1, 2022                             and US$13.76                             Shares purchased based on
                                                                                                                    a purchase price of US$11.22)
                                                                                                                      and US$6,800 (equivalent to
                                                                                                                           494 Shares purchased
                                                                                                                       based on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                     of US$13.76)
Other grantees by category
Employee Participants        September 1, 2021              6 months             US$11.22          US$20,538,382           US$9,169,704 (equivalent
                               and March 1, 2022                             and US$13.76                                         to 666,172 Shares
                                                                                                                              purchased based on a
                                                                                                                        purchase price of US$13.76)
                                                                                                                                 and US$9,659,016
                                                                                                                              (equivalent to 860,574
                                                                                                                         Shares purchased based on
                                                                                                                       a purchase price of US$11.22
Total                                                                                                                                 US$9,667,337

        Notes:


        1.     The closing price of the Shares immediately before September 1, 2021 and March 1, 2022 is US$23.72 and
               US$16.20 (equivalent to approximately HK$184.71 and HK$126.40), respectively, and the fair value of the Shares at
               the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$4,107,060 (equivalent to approximately HK$31,956,623) and
               US$5,284,675 (equivalent to approximately HK$41,290,434) respectively. There are no performance targets attached
               to the participation in the 2018 ESPP for the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2021 and March 1,
               2022.




                                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.             •      2022       ANNUAL REPORT                   249
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      2.     During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at
             the beginning of the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2021 and March 1, 2022 and taking into
             account any eligible employees who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP during such offering periods, such relevant
             amounts of authorized payroll reduction were used to purchase an aggregate of 1,528,475 Shares at the purchase
             price of US$13.76 and US$11.22 at the end of the offering period (i.e. February 28, 2022 and August 31, 2022). The
             weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the end of the offering periods (i.e. February 28,
             2022 and August 31, 2022) is US$16.47 and US$12.73 (equivalent to approximately HK$128.59 and HK$99.90),
             respectively, and the fair value of the total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$10,803,886 (equivalent to
             approximately HK$84,351,988) and US$11,373,333 (equivalent to approximately HK$89,260,078).


      3.     The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced
             on September 1, 2022 is US$10,512,096 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is
             930,852. Such information will be reflected in the Company’s upcoming interim report as the Shares were purchased
             after the end of the Reporting Period.


      4.     As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will refund
             such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible
             employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such final amount of payroll deduction
             authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as practicable after the end of each
             offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end of each offering period.


4.    Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan


      On June 6, 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Inducement Plan and reserved 12,000,000 Shares to be
      used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not previously employees of the Company or its
      subsidiaries, as an inducement to the individual’s entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries.
      The 2018 Inducement Plan was approved by the Board upon recommendation of our Compensation
      Committee. Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018
      Inducement Plan was terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan but
      the outstanding equity awards under the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with
      their terms.


      Further details of the 2018 Inducement Plan are set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Purpose

      The 2018 Inducement Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to grant equity awards to induce
      highly-qualified prospective officers and employees who are not currently employed by the Company or
      its subsidiaries to accept employment and to provide them with a proprietary interest in the Company. It is
      anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification
      of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the
      Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company.




250        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Eligible Participants

Full-time and part-time employees of the Company and its subsidiaries for whom the Company may issue
securities without shareholder approval in accordance with Rule 5635 (c) (4) of the Marketplace Rules of the
NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee, are eligible to
participate in the 2018 Inducement Plan.


Maximum Number of Shares for Grant

The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2018 Inducement Plan is
12,000,000. As at January 1, 2022, 9,344,659 Shares were available for grant under the 2018 Inducement
Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not grant any options under the 2018
Inducement Plan and on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Inducement Plan was terminated to the effect that no new
equity awards shall be granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan but the outstanding equity awards under
the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with their terms. It follows that, as at
December 31, 2022 and as at April 18, 2023, 0 new Shares and 0 new Shares (representing 0% of the issued
share capital of the Company as at at April 18, 2023) were available for grant under the 2018 Inducement
Plan, respectively.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

As at January 1, 2022, 9,881,715 new Shares were available for issue under the 2018 Inducement Plan. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, 452,582 new Shares were issued pursuant to the 2018 Inducement Plan.
As the 2018 Inducement Plan was terminated on June 22, 2022 and no grants under the 2018 Inducement
Plan remained outstanding as at December 31, 2022, it follows that, as at December 31, 2022 and April 18,
2023, 0 new Shares and 0 new Shares (representing approximately 0% of the issued share capital of the
Company as at April 18, 2023) were available for issue under the 2018 Inducement Plan, respectively.


Expiration of the 2018 Inducement Plan

The 2018 Inducement Plan remains in effect until discontinued by the Board.


Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Inducement Plan
was terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan but
the outstanding equity awards under the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with
their terms.


Limit of Each Grantee

Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan and
any other equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
Shares in issue at the date of any grant.




                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT        251
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


         Option Period

          Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
          option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
          option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
          such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


          The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
          years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
          automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
          each option may be exercised.


         Exercise Price

          The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
          less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
          (ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
          preceding the date of grant.


         Consideration

          No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2018 Inducement
          Plan.


         Outstanding Options under the 2018 Inducement Plan

          Details of the movements of the options granted during the Reporting Period were as follows:


                                                                                                                                               Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                   Cancelled/
                                                                                         Price on day               Outstanding     Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                            Price on          prior to                    as of   during the      during the       during the       as of
                                                                         day prior to       exercise     Exercise    January 1,   Reporting        Reporting       Reporting    December
Name of grantee   Role         Date of grant         Option period            grant(1)         date(2)      price         2022       Period           Period          Period     31, 2022


                  Employees


                                                     10 years from the
In aggregate                   August 31, 2018 (3)
                                                       date of grant       US$13.67        US$14.05      US$13.66        30,901           –            9,828          21,073           –



Total                                                                                                                    30,901           –            9,828          21,073           –




252            BEIGENE, LTD.      •       2022          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(1)   The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior to the
      grant date.


(2)   The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day
      immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


(3)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on
      which such grantee starts his or her service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become
      exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
      following the vest of the initial 25%.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS


There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION


The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES


During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s listed securities.


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The Audit Committee
currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee)
D. Sanders. Mr. Thomas Malley and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-executive Directors
and Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director during the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Thomas
Malley is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2022. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the
external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young.


                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT            253
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HK LISTING RULES


The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the HK Listing
Rules.


PUBLIC FLOAT


As at April 18, 2023 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of
the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the HKEx.


AUDITORS


The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEx since August 8, 2018, and there has been
no change in auditor for the audit of the Company’s financial statements of the Hong Kong financial reporting in
2022. The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting have been audited
by Ernst & Young. On March 23, 2022, following the Audit Committee’s review process, the Audit Committee
appointed Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, located in Beijing, PRC, as the Company’s auditor for the audit of the
Company’s financial statements for PRC financial reporting. Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP has served as the
Company’s auditor for financial statements filed with the SSE since 2021.


Effective on March 23, 2022, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP resigned as the Company’s independent registered
public accounting firm for the audits of the Company’s financial statements for United States financial reporting.
Ernst & Young LLP has been appointed as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
the audits of the Company’s financial statements for United States financial reporting for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young LLP will retire and, being
eligible, offer itself for respective re-appointment at the 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders of the
Company.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 18, 2023




254      BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES


The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to the Company’s shareholders.


The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.


In 2022, the Company has applied the principles in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to
the HK Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) which are applicable to the Company and complied with
the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code save for the following deviations.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected
to comply with, but may choose to deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and
the Chief Executive Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not
have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles.
Our Board believes that Mr. John V. Oyler is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus
of the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board also believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective
execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. Our
Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a
time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Company as a whole. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure
of the Company based upon its view of what is in the best interest of the Company. Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles or if the
Chairman does not otherwise qualify as independent, the independent Directors may elect a lead director. Mr.
Ranjeev Krishana, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, currently serves as the lead director.
The Board believes our current Board leadership structure will help ensure continuity of strong and effective
leadership. The lead director has responsibilities that are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
including presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of
the independent directors; consulting with management regarding Board meeting schedules, locations, agendas
and materials; and calling meetings of the independent and non-management Directors, when appropriate.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           255
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance
Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Audit Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules and the rules of the
SEC. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to monitor the integrity of our financial
statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements and
accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and review all related party
transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions. The Audit Committee
currently comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
(redesignated as an independent non-executive director since April 17, 2023) and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders.
Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules
3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Compensation Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Compensation Committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to
director compensation, evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer
and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer and review and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the terms of their compensation, and review and approve the compensation of our other executive
officers and senior management, and review and approve matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans
and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee currently comprises three independent non-executive
Directors, namely Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Qingqing Yi and Mr. Ranjeev Krishana. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
is the chair of the Compensation Committee. On June 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy Chen resigned from the Board.
In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Chen also resigned from the Compensation Committee.
Effective September 13, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan has been appointed as a member and chair of the
Compensation Committee.


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with the Corporate Governance Code set out in
Appendix 14 to the HK Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph B3.1 of the Corporate
Governance Code. However, the charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with
the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are among
other things, to develop and recommend to the Board criteria for board and committee membership, recommend
to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the Board’s committees, and
develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee currently comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Donald W.
Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (redesignated as an independent non-executive director since
April 17, 2023) and Dr. Alessandro Riva. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chairman of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee.




256    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code during the year ended December 31, 2022.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS


Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions as set out in Appendix 10 to the HK Listing Rules
regarding the directors’ dealings in the securities of the Company.


Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code, a director must not deal in any securities of the issuer without first notifying
in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board for the specific purpose and
receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing policies, the General Counsel of
the Company, has been designated as the insider trading compliance officer whom a director who intends to deal
in the Company’s securities must notify. The Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite
not being a member of the Board, is able to carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the
Company’s insider dealing policies, the terms of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model
Code.


Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from January 1,
2022 up to the date of this annual report.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          257
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board currently comprises eleven members, consisting of one executive Director, one non-executive Director
and nine independent non-executive Directors.


During the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board
comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent non-executive Directors*


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Mr. Qingqing Yi

*     The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive director effective from April 17, 2023.
      During the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive director of
      the Company.


      On January 31, 2022, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned from the Board due to personal reasons to devote more time to
      other commitments. The decision by Mr. Su to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations,
      policies, or practices of the Company. There is no other material matter in respect of Mr. Su’s resignation that needs to be
      brought to the attention of shareholders of the Company or the HKEx. In connection with his resignation from the Board,
      Mr. Su also resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs
      Advisory Committee of the Board.


      On June 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy Chen resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The decision
      by Mr. Chen to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices of the
      Company. There is no other material matter in respect of Mr. Chen’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
      shareholders of the Company or the HKEx. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Chen also resigned from
      the Compensation Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee of the Board.




258     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


In 2022, the Board at all times met the requirements of the HK Listing Rule relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a written annual confirmation of his
or her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2023 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2024 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2025 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.


We undertook to the HKEx to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy to retire and seek re-election at
the next annual general meeting following their appointment. For details, please refer to our Prospectus.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          259
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT


The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.


The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement, views and input on
corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.




260    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD COMMITTEES


The Board has established five committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the HKEx.


Audit Committee


The Audit Committee’s roles and functions include:


•    appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
     public accounting firms;


•    approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
     independent registered public accounting firms;


•    reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
     management responsible for preparing our financial statements;


•    reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
     annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
     practices used by us;


•    reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;


•    establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
     complaints and concerns;


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEx and
     SSE;


•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
     as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;


•    preparing the Audit Committee report;


•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions;




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT      261
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
      filings with the SEC, HKEx and SSE; and


•     overseeing and managing the use of proceeds from STAR Offering.


Currently, the Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
are independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper has been redesignated as an independent non-
executive Director since April 17, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to April 16, 2023, Mr.
Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman of the
Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules. Mr.
Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-executive Director appropriately
qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee held 13 meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. Individual attendance of each
committee member is set out on page 271 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things, the Audit
Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management systems of the
Group. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC, the
NASDAQ and the HKEx. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.beigene.com
under “Investors — HKEx investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx. During 2022, the Audit
Committee’s major work included reviewing the 2021 annual report as well as the related results announcement,
the 2022 interim report and interim results announcement, and the 2022 quarterly financial reports, reviewing
the external auditors’ plans, reports, fees, involvement in non-audit services and their terms of engagement, and
reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control systems and associated
procedures.


Compensation Committee


The Compensation Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief
      Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial
      Officer;


•     evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and
      General Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives and
      recommending to the Board for approval their compensation based on that evaluation;


•     reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers and key officers;


•     developing and implementing our overall management compensation and policy to align the interests of
      management with our shareholders’;




262    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;


•    evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
     standards;


•    retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;


•    review and approve matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans and equity-based plans;


•    reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;


•    reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;


•    preparing the compensation committee report;


•    reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis; and


•    reviewing and discussing with the Board corporate succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other
     key officers.


Currently, the Compensation Committee comprises Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr.
Qingqing Yi. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee. On June 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy
Chen resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Chen also resigned from the
Compensation Committee. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan was appointed as a member and Chair of the Compensation
Committee effective September 13, 2022.


Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022
are set out in Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management ranges from HK$25,000,001 to HK$105,000,000.




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT         263
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Compensation Committee held five meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. Individual
attendance of each committee member is set out on page 271 of this annual report. During the meetings, the
Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on
determining the annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management. The Compensation
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.
beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.
During 2022, the Compensation Committee’s major work included reviewing and recommending to the Board
in respect of the compensation policy and structure by benchmarking peer companies with a similar scale to
ensure that the Company’s compensation packages are competitive to recruit the best talents in the industry and
to retain key staff; reviewing and recommending to the Board on the compensation packages for the directors;
assessing performance; and reviewing and approving adjustments to the compensation packages for the senior
managements, and review and approve matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans and equity-based
plans.


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;


•     establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
      recommended by shareholders;


•     identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;


•     recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
      committees;


•     developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines; and


•     overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management.


Currently, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael
Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Alessandro Riva. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chairman of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. On January 31, 2022, Mr. Su resigned from the Board. In connection with
his resignation from the Board, Mr. Su also resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Alessandro Riva has been appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee.




264      BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not hold any meeting during the year ended December
31, 2022 but acted by written consent without a meeting. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.
com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx. During 2022,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members reviewed the structure, size and composition of
the Board, considered and made recommendations to the Board on the director appointment, the re-election of
the directors at the 2022 annual general meeting and the board committee membership through acting by written
consent. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has also assessed the independence of the
Directors, taking into account of the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the
NASDAQ Listing Rules.


Scientific Advisory Committee


The Scientific Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s research and development
     plans and programs;


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
     any research or development performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs;
     and


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
     capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key scientific and technical personnel and
     the depth and breadth of the Company’s scientific resources.


The Scientific Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Scientific Advisory
Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. Individual attendance of each committee
member is set out on page 271 of this annual report. The Scientific Advisory Committee currently comprises Dr.
Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Thomas Malley, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon
(Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Dr. Alessandro Riva, serve as the co-chairs of
the Scientific Advisory Committee. Effective November 20, 2022, Dr. Alessandro Riva has been appointed as Co-
Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee. Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders ceased to serve as Co-Chair of the
Scientific Advisory Committee but remains a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee. The Scientific Advisory
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.
beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT         265
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s commercial strategy and plans
      and competitiveness of the Company’s commercial programs;


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s medical affairs strategy and
      plans and competitiveness of the Company’s medical affairs programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any commercial and medical affairs performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation
      programs; and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key commercial and medical affairs
      personnel and the depth and breadth of the Company’s commercial and medical affairs resources.


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022.
Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 271 of this annual report. The Commercial
and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee currently comprises Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr.
Ranjeev Krishana, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the chairman of the Commercial
and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. Effective February 25, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan has been appointed
as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. On June 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy Chen
resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Chen also resigned from the
the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. The Commercial Medical Affairs Advisory Committee
operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com
under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.




266    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY


The Company’s Board Diversity Policy sets out the Company’s approach to diversity on the Board. Pursuant to the
Board Diversity Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review annually the structure,
size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board. In
reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider, among
other characteristics, the nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, skills, expertise, and industry and regional experience
of board members and nominees. The Board Diversity Policy further provides that our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will discuss and, where necessary, agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity
on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the
factors identified above and to recruit a Director or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement.
The Board has achieved its goal of recruiting at least one female Director in 2020. In 2022, the Board elected a new
female director. The Board Diversity Policy is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors —
HKEX investors — Corporate Governance.”


Board Diversity Matrix


The following Board Diversity Matrix presents our Board diversity statistics.


                                                                                               As of April 18, 2023
Total Number of Directors                                                                                  11
                                                                                                Female              Male


Part I: Gender Identity
Directors                                                                                              2              9
Part II: Demographic Background
Asian                                                                                                  1              3
White                                                                                                                 6
Two or More Races of Ethnicities                                                                       1
LGBTQ+                                                                                                          1


WORKFORCE GENDER DIVERSITY


Having a diverse workforce that reflects the diversity of our global patient population is crucial for our success.
In 2022, the Company maintained gender parity in all levels of the organization below Vice President. At the Vice
President and above level, the Company saw the percentage of women increase from 24 percent in 2021 to 33
percent in 2022. Within the U.S., the percentages of individuals from underrepresented groups remained largely the
same with 52 percent of U.S. employees identifying as members of underrepresented groups. Moving forward, the
Company will work to increase the representation of individuals from underrepresented groups within management
levels. For further details, please refer to the disclosure in the Company’s Environmental, Social and Governance
Report filed with HKEx on April 25, 2023.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT            267
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION POLICY


As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria that
it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria as it
deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board for its consideration and approval criteria for
director candidates. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates. The Board may,
however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.


The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Diversity Policy and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with the
Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director and to
fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party search
firms to identify director candidates. For example, in 2021, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
engaged a third-party search firm to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including,
among other things, the skills of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other
background characteristics, his or her independence and the needs of the Board.


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with respect to a fixed set
of specific minimum qualifications for its candidates for membership on the Board of Directors. Our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee and Board may therefore consider a broad range of factors relating to
the qualifications and background of nominees, which may include diversity as set forth in the Board Diversity
Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members
is identification of persons who will further the interests of our shareholders through their established record
of professional accomplishment, the ability to contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board
members, knowledge of our business, understanding of the competitive landscape, and professional and personal
experiences and relevant expertise.




268    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Articles
and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the
shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is
not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; (c) the candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background,
current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years;
(d) a description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board
membership approved by our Board of Directors; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between
the shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular
for our next general meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information
regarding the candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules
and HK Listing Rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or
about the shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including
information about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the
candidate and any such other beneficial owner.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE


The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in
place effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board. The current composition of the Board, comprising
nine independent non-executive Directors. The members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are all independent non-executive Directors, exceeding the
independence requirements under the Listing Rules. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors are
subject to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and workload.
The independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his/her appointment and annually.


Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be
considered by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent
professional advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, whenever deemed
necessary. The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the
ability to devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.


The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-
executive Directors can express their views in an open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances
requires.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT       269
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY


The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, by, or of, its Directors, officers,
employees, agents or consultants or any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts
the anti-corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which may lead to or give the
appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct which is
clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary. The Company expects and encourages employees
of the Group and those who deal with the Group (e.g. suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to report to the
Company, in confidence, any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. The Audit
Committee receives quarterly reports on anti-corruption and significant compliance program activities.


The Company also adopts the whistleblowing policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting
possible improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in the
formal system. Any material improprieties related to the Company will be reported to the Audit Committee.


These policies are reviewed from time to time to time ensure their relevance and appropriateness to the Group’s
business, corporate strategy and stakeholder expectations.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing policies,
and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report. The Board has performed the above duties during the year ended December 31, 2022.




270     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS


The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings held
during the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out below.


                                                                         Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                                         Commercial
                                                                                     Nominating                          and Medical
                                                                                  and Corporate             Scientific        Affairs
                                                         Audit   Compensation       Governance              Advisory        Advisory    Shareholder
Name of Director                          Board      Committee     Committee        Committee*             Committee      Committee       Meetings


Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                           7/7           N/A            N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A             1/1
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper(5)                    7/7          13/13           N/A                N/A                   N/A            4/4            1/1
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                           7/7           N/A            N/A                N/A                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Timothy Chen(4)                         2/7           N/A             3/5               N/A                   N/A            2/4            0/1
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan       (2)
                                            7/7           N/A             1/5               N/A                   4/4            3/4            1/1
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                        7/7           N/A            N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A             1/1
Mr. Michael Goller                          7/7           N/A            N/A                N/A                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                        7/7           N/A             5/5               N/A                   N/A            4/4            1/1
Mr. Thomas Malley                           7/7          11/13           N/A                N/A                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Dr. Alessandro Riva   (3)
                                            7/7           N/A            N/A                N/A                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders             7/7          13/13           N/A                N/A                   4/4            4/4            1/1
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su      (1)
                                           N/A            N/A            N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A            N/A
Mr. Qingqing Yi                             6/7           N/A             5/5               N/A                   3/4           N/A             1/1

Notes:


*        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not hold any meeting during the year ended December 31,
         2022 but acted by written consent without a meeting. Five written consents in lieu of meeting passed during the year ended
         December 31, 2022.


(1)      On January 31, 2022, Mr. Su resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Su also
         resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
         Committee of the Board.


(2)      Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan has been appointed to the Board and has been appointed to serve as
         a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board. Effective February 25, 2022, Dr. Dugan has been appointed to
         serve as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee of the Board. Effective September 13, 2022,
         Dr. Dugan has been appointed as a member and Chair of the Compensation Committee.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.              •      2022          ANNUAL REPORT            271
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(3)   Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Alessandro Riva has been appointed to the Board and has been appointed to serve
      as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the
      Board. Effective November 20, 2022, Dr. Alessandro Riva has been appointed as the Co-Chair of the Scientific Advisory
      Committee.


(4)   On June, 22, 2022, Mr. Timothy Chen resigned as an independent non-executive director and a member of the
      Compensation Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee.


(5)   The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive director effective from April 17, 2023.


In accordance with code provision C.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of
the Board and our only executive Director, also held meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022.


The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2022 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS


The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.


The Company arranges a formal and comprehensive induction to a newly appointed Director to ensure that the
Director has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware of the director’s
responsibilities under the HK Listing Rules and SFO, and other legal and regulatory requirements.


The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the HK
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties. The Company also encourages the Directors to attend relevant training
courses provided by legal advisors and/or any appropriate institutions.



272    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were appointed to the Board. In
January 2022, Drs. Dugan and Riva participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher
& Flom, our legal adviser as to Hong Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the HK
Listing Rules and the SFO.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. John V. Oyler, Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Dr.
Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Mr. Thomas Malley, Dr.
Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi all participated in continuing professional
development regarding their duties and responsibilities as a director of a listed company which included reading
materials and/or attending training.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION


The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, in respect
of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, is set out below:


Services Category                                                                    Fees paid and payable
                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                       US$’000              US$’000


Audit services                                                                            7,037               7,227
Non-audit services                                                                           57                   –


Total                                                                                     7,094               7,227


Audit services consist of services for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting for SEC filings, quarterly review of financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, services related to the Company’s Hong Kong Stock Exchange filings, services related to the
Company’s STAR Market listing, annual report filings and other statutory and regulatory filings.


Non-audit services in 2022 mainly consist of compliance and tax advisory services.


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT        273
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


Collaboration with Amgen


As disclosed in this annual report, on October 31, 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered into a collaboration agreement with Amgen, which became
effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”) and pursuant to which BeiGene and Amgen
agreed to enter into a strategic collaboration on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®,
BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® (the “In-Line Products”) in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) and the
global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology
pipeline products (the “Pipeline Products”, together with the In-Line Products, the “Products”). Amgen is a
substantial shareholder holding approximately 18.2% of the issued share capital of the Company and, therefore,
a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. As a result, the transactions
contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s
oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) for
a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in the agreement,
with the commercialization period for XGEVA® commencing following the transition of operational responsibilities
for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we will have the option to retain one of the three
products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties have agreed to equally share
profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization period. After expiration of the
commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be transitioned back to Amgen and we
will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China of each product for an
additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products.. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene Switzerland contributing up
to US$1.25 billion worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. BeiGene will be
eligible to receive tiered mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China, other than
LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib), on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration
of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first
commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such
product anywhere in the world.




274    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, BeiGene will have the right to commercialize the product for
seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, depending on
how many of the Pipeline Product receive approval in China, BeiGene will have the right to retain approximately
one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than sotorasib (AMG 510), to commercialize for as
long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each
product will be transitioned back to Amgen and BeiGene will be eligible to received tiered mid-single to low-double
digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to specified exclusivity
requirements in China and the rest of the world.


Recently, in connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share
contributions, we determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer
commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Collaboration
Agreement to (i) stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting
January 1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the
anticipated termination of AMG 510 from the Collaboration Agreement.


Under Rule 14A.52 of the HK Listing Rules, the period of an agreement for a continuing connected transaction
must be fixed. However, the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement is for an unspecified term as it will, unless
terminated in accordance with its terms, remain in effect. Under Rule 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, an annual
cap in monetary terms must be set for a continuing connected transaction. The Company applied for, and the HKEx
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rules 14A.52 and 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, subject to the
following conditions:


(a)   the Company will comply with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules if there are any material changes to the terms of the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement;


(b)   the Company’s independent non-executive directors from time to time will ensure that the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement are undertaken in accordance with its terms;


(c)   the Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company will use his best endeavours to supervise
      the compliance with the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreements and applicable HK Listing Rules
      requirements to the extent not waived by the HKEx on a regular basis;


(d)   the independent non-executive directors and the auditors of the Company will review the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement on an annual basis and confirm in the Company’s annual
      reports the matters set out in Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, respectively; and


(e)   in the event of any future amendments to the HK Listing Rules imposing more stringent requirements than
      those as at the date of the announcement published by the Company on November 1, 2019 via the HKEx, the
      Company will take immediate steps to ensure compliance with such new requirements.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT         275
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the transaction amounts arising from the costs and revenues of
the commercialization of the products and the royalties to be received by the Company shall be determined in
accordance with the below formulae:


(a)   Caps in relation to the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products


      The Company and Amgen will share equally in the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products
      in China in accordance with the following formula:


      Net profit to be received/net loss to be bore by the Company = 50% x (net revenue of the relevant Product –
      manufacturing actual costs – commercialization and related costs)


(b)   Caps in relation to royalties


      •     Global Ex-China Royalties


            During the applicable Global Pipeline Royalty Term (the period beginning on the first commercial sale
            of a Pipeline Product in a country (other than China) and expiring on the latest of (i) the expiration of
            the last valid patent claim, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or (iii) the earlier of (x) eight years
            after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale or (y) 20 years from the date of first
            commercial sale of the product anywhere in the world), the Company will be eligible to receive tiered
            mid-single digit royalties on global net sales outside of China on a sliding scale for each Pipeline Product
            (other than AMG 510) in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = incremental annual global net revenue of the relevant Pipeline Product outside
            China x the applicable royalty rate


      •     China Royalties


            During the applicable five-year period beginning on the return of a Product to Amgen, the Company will
            be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China on a sliding
            scale for each Product returned to Amgen in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = annual net revenue of the relevant returned Product in China x the applicable
            royalty rate




276       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company will receive from Amgen quarterly financial information
regarding the royalty calculation and the Company is entitled to specified audit right.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company’s payment obligations, whether in cash or in kind,
towards the development of the Pipeline Products shall be subject to an aggregate maximum of US$1.25 billion.
The Company will also share in the costs of developing additional indications for the In-Line products in China,
subject to an annual maximum contribution by the Company of US$12.5 million and an aggregate maximum of
US$37.5 million over the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Confirmation from Our Independent Non-executive Directors


Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing
Connected Transactions”) contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, and confirmed the Continuing
Connected Transactions have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b)
on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) the terms of the Continuing Connected Transactions are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of our shareholders as a whole.


Confirmation from Auditor


To comply with Rule 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young (the “Auditor”) to
conduct certain procedures in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard
on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the HKICPA. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the
Board that, with respect to the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022: (a) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to
believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of Directors;
(b) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
policies of the Group; and (c) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Continuing
Connected Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
governing such transactions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT        277
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Direct Purchase Option


On March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Amgen SPA in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which agreement was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in
an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6%
of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s
interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i)
is exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by us under our equity
incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) is subject to annual approval by our independent shareholders each
year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen and its
affiliates collectively own less than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s
sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes
to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) December 1, 2023. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting
period.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 18, 2020, September 25, 2020
and the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated October 9, 2020.


In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate of
165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of US$50,000,000, in a
private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment. Amgen did not exercise it Direct Purchase Option
in 2022.


Except as disclosed hereunder, no share was issued under the Direct Purchase Option as of the date of this annual
report.




278       BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Hillhouse Loan


On September 24, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhuhai Hillhouse Zhaohui Equity
Investment Partnership for a total loan facility of US$73,640,000 (RMB500,000,000) (the “Hillhouse Loan”), of
which US$14,728,000 (RMB100,000,000) could be used for general corporate purposes and US$58,912,000
(RMB400,000,000) can only be applied towards the repayment of a senior loan facility of up to US$200,000,000
provided by China Minsheng Bank (the “Senior Loan”). The Hillhouse Loan originally matured at the earlier of: (i)
November 9, 2021, which is one month after the maturity date of the Senior Loan, if not extended, or (ii) 10 business
days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. On October 8, 2021, the Company extended the maturity date of the
Hillhouse Loan to the earlier of: (i) November 9, 2022, which is one month after the Senior Loan maturity date, if not
extended, or (ii) 10 business days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. On October 10, 2022, the Company repaid in
full the outstanding borrowing in the amount of US$13,980,000 (RMB100,000,000).


The provision of the Hillhouse Loan was conducted on normal commercial terms or better and was not secured by
the assets of the Group, and was therefore fully exempt from shareholders’ approval and all disclosure requirements
under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. For further details, see Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements
included in this annual report.


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


We have also entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing
connected transaction, as disclosed in this annual report.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


We have established an employee participation program, which allowed certain executive officers and qualified
employees of our PRC subsidiaries to indirectly participate in the STAR Offering and purchase certain RMB Shares
through an asset management plan administrated by China International Capital Corporation Limited (“RMB Shares
Employee Participation Plan”). The RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan participated in the STAR Offering as
a strategic investor and purchased 2,069,546 RMB Shares in the STAR Offering for an aggregate purchase price of
RMB399.43 million pursuant to a strategic investor placement agreement. The RMB Shares Employee Participation
Plan has 137 individual participants, including two of our executive officers, Xiaobin Wu and Lai Wang. Dr. Wu and
Dr. Wang invested RMB15 million and RMB10 million, respectively, in the RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan.


Details of other related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in Note
28 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          279
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS


The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.


We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.


We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management and internal control policies in various
aspects.


Financial Reporting Risk Management


As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.


Information System Risk Management


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.




280    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Human Resources Risk Management


We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.


In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.


We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy


With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a Board-
approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed annually
by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date have
been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit Committee. There
have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT         281
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:


•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;


•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;


•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and


•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.


We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting to ensure that our internal
control system is effective and adequate in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business
operations. We also maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of
internal control and reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies


Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.


Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information
(including inside information). All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of
Conduct. Future Directors, officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning
service at the Company. All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their
review and agreement to comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the
supervision of our Board or a committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the
Code of Conduct, and (ii) when appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of
the Code of Conduct.




282     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Handling and Disseminating Inside Information


The Group has adopted adequate and effective internal control measures to regulate dealings with and the
dissemination of inside information. These measures also serve to prohibit the unauthorized access to and use of
inside information, and to ensure that dealings with and the dissemination of inside information by the Group meets
the requirements of the SFO.


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems


For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate. Such review covers
the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of our accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to our ESG performance and reporting, and the
matters covered in code provision D.2.3 of the Corporate Governance Code.


COMPANY SECRETARY


Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial matters
and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s primary
contact person within the Company is Mr. Chan Lee, Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the HK Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders and Putting Forward Proposals at General
Meetings


Pursuant to articles 61 and 62 of our Articles, an extraordinary general meeting of our Company shall be convened
on a members’ requisition put forth by our shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate
not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of such of the issued Shares as at that date of the deposit carries the
right of voting at general meetings of our Company. The requisition must state the object of the meeting, set forth a
form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the meeting and must be signed by the
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit
of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene
a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months after the
expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          283
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details


The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94
Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.


For a shareholder communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the Board,
shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail or expedited
delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director].


Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has established
a range of communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These
include (i) the Company’s securityholder communication policy providing every securityholder the ability to
communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual directors on the Board through an established process
for securityholder communication; (ii)the publication of interim and annual reports and/or dispatching circulars,
notices, and other announcements; (iii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary general meeting providing a
forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views with the Board; (iv) updated and key information
of the Group available on the Company’s website and HKEx’s website; (v) the Company’s share registrar in Hong
Kong serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters; and (vi) convening investor meeting and/
or analyst briefings, which led by our senior managements and investor relations team with existing and potential
investors. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through
annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming 2023 annual general meeting, Directors (or
their delegates as appropriate) will be available in person or via teleconference to meet shareholders and answer
their enquiries. The securityholder communication policy will be reviewed on a regular basis by the Board. Having
considered the multiple channels of communication and shareholders engagement in the general meeting held
during the year, the Board is satisfied that the securityholder communication policy has been properly implemented
during 2022 and is effective.




284    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of BeiGene, Ltd.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 290 to 396, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31,
2022, and the consolidated statements of operations, the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


Basis for opinion


We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters


Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           285
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (Continued)


 Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Accrual of research and development expenses

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the                We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
 Company recognized US$1,640.5 million in research           and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
 and development (“R&D”) expenses. The balance of            over the accrual of the R&D expenses. For example,
 accrued external R&D activities related expenses as         we tested controls over management’s review of
 of December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately              the R&D accrual method and the estimates of the
 US$139.2 million. As described in Note 2 to the             actual services performed by the Outsourced Service
 consolidated financial statements, R&D expenses             Providers.
 include costs related to clinical trials paid to third-
 party contract research organizations and contract          To test the accrual of R&D expenses, our audit
 manufacturing organizations (collectively referred as       procedures included, among others, reading the
 “Outsourced Service Providers”).                            contracts with Outsourced Service Providers on a
                                                             sample basis and understanding and testing the
 Auditing the accrual of R&D expenses related to             estimates on the progress of clinical trial activities
 Outsourced Service Providers is complex because             developed by management. Testing management’s
 the clinical trial activities with the Outsourced Service   estimates involved evaluating management’s
 Providers are typically performed over an extended          assumptions used in the calculation related to the
 period with several milestones for the services in each     clinical trial activities and associated timelines,
 agreement. As a result, R&D expenses are allocated          invoicing to date and the provisions in the contracts.
 to each financial reporting period based upon the           We then evaluated the accrual of R&D expenses by
 progress of the clinical trial activities. Determining      comparing it to the subsequent progress billings
 the progress of the clinical trial activities requires      issued by the Outsourced Service Providers. We
 significant estimates and judgment. These estimates         also assessed the accrual methodology used by
 are based on several factors, including management’s        the Company, including the adequacy of related
 knowledge of the clinical trial activities associated       disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
 with timelines, invoicing to date and the provisions in
 the contracts. Changes in these estimates can have
 a material effect on the amount of R&D expenses
 recognized during the reporting period.




286    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Other information included in the Annual Report


The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT       287
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements


Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
      that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




288    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Denis Ming Kui Cheng.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
March 29, 2023




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          289
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                   Note       2022                2021
                                                                           US$’000              US$’000


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                               3,869,564         4,375,678
  Short-term restricted cash                                        5          196                 328
  Short-term investments                                            6      665,251          2,241,962
  Accounts receivable, net                                          7      173,168              483,113
  Inventories                                                       8      282,346              242,626
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                        14      216,553              270,173


Total current assets                                                      5,207,078         7,613,880


Non-current assets:
  Long-term restricted cash                                         5        5,277                6,881
  Property, plant and equipment, net                               11      845,946              587,605
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                              10      109,960              117,431
  Intangible assets, net                                           12       40,616               46,679
  Other non-current assets                                         14      170,413              163,049


Total non-current assets                                                  1,172,212             921,645


Total assets                                                              6,379,290         8,535,525


Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                 15      294,781              262,400
  Accrued expenses and other payables                              14      467,352              558,055
  Deferred revenue, current portion                                 4      213,861              187,414
  Tax payable                                                      13       25,189               21,395
  Operating lease liabilities, current portion                     10       24,041               21,925
  Research and development cost share liability, current portion    4      114,335              120,801
  Short-term debt                                                  16      328,969              427,565


Total current liabilities                                                 1,468,528         1,599,555




290      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                  Note                    2022             2021
                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term debt                                                   16                  209,148           202,113
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                            4                    42,026           220,289
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                 10                   34,517            43,041
  Deferred tax liabilities                                         13                   15,996            14,169
  Research and development cost share liability,
     non-current portion                                           4                   179,625           269,561
  Other long-term liabilities                                      14                   46,095            54,234


Total non-current liabilities                                                          527,407           803,407


Total liabilities                                                                  1,995,935         2,402,962


Commitments and contingencies                                      25
Equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
     9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,356,140,180 and
     1,334,804,281 shares issued and outstanding as of
     December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively                                              135              133
  Additional paid-in capital                                                      11,540,979        11,191,007
  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income                    21                  (77,417)           17,950
  Accumulated deficit                                                             (7,080,342)        (5,076,527)


Total equity                                                                       4,383,355         6,132,563


Total liabilities and equity                                                       6,379,290         8,535,525




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT     291
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                     2022             2021
                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000


Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                             17              1,254,612             633,987
  Collaboration revenue                                            4                 161,309             542,296


  Total revenues                                                                   1,415,921           1,176,283


Expenses
  Cost of sales – product                                                            286,475             164,906
  Research and development                                                         1,640,508           1,459,239
  Selling, general and administrative                                              1,277,852             990,123
  Amortization of intangible assets                                12                       751              750


  Total expenses                                                                   3,205,586           2,615,018


Loss from operations                                                              (1,789,665)          (1,438,735)
  Interest income (expense), net                                                      52,480              (15,757)
  Other (expense) income, net                                      6                (223,852)             15,904


Loss before income taxes                                                          (1,961,037)          (1,438,588)
Income tax expense                                                 13                 42,778              19,228


Net loss                                                                          (2,003,815)          (1,457,816)


Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.,
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                       19                      (1.49)           (1.21)


Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted             19          1,340,729,572        1,206,210,049


Net loss per American Depositary Share (“ADS”),
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                                              (19.43)          (15.71)


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding, basic and diluted                            103,133,044           92,785,388




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



292    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                               Note                  2022               2021
                                                                                US$’000          US$’000


Net loss                                                                      (2,003,815)       (1,457,816)
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax of nil:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments                      21                 (90,421)         13,714
  Pension liability adjustments                                 24                    365              1,865
  Unrealized holding loss, net                                  21                  (5,311)            (4,571)


Comprehensive loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                              (2,099,182)       (1,446,808)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT        293
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note         2022           2021
                                                                           US$’000        US$’000


Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss                                                                (2,003,815)    (1,457,816)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
  net cash used in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                      66,278         46,457
  Share-based compensation expense                                20        303,162        240,712
  Acquired in-process research and development                     4         68,665         83,500
  Amortization of research and development cost share liability    4         (96,402)     (112,486)
  Unrealized losses (gains) on equity investments                  6         21,996          (7,632)
  Deferred income tax expense                                                 2,059          3,377
  Other items, net                                                            9,047         23,510
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                       304,112       (423,019)
  Inventories                                                                (56,689)     (153,333)
  Other assets                                                                (3,282)     (107,128)
  Accounts payable                                                            (4,352)       20,008
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                        45,627        140,044
  Deferred revenue                                                         (151,816)       407,703
  Other liabilities                                                           (1,209)        (2,620)


Net cash used in operating activities                                     (1,496,619)    (1,298,723)


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                      (325,434)      (262,942)
  Purchases of short-term investments                                         (1,485)    (2,147,881)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of short-term investments                1,563,618      3,146,891
  Purchase of in-process research and development                          (143,665)         (8,500)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                   12               –        (43,409)
  Purchase of long-term investments                                6         (15,911)       (43,500)


Net cash provided by investing activities                                 1,077,123        640,659




294     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2022          2021
                                                                                          US$’000      US$’000


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from public offering, net of cost                              22                     –    3,392,616
  Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares, net of cost                      22                     –        50,000
  Proceeds from long-term loan                                            16               37,372         16,838
  Proceeds from short-term loans                                          16              313,774      406,449
  Repayment of short-term loans                                           16              (417,081)    (321,754)
  Proceeds from option exercises and employee share purchase plan                          46,964         92,762


Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                        (18,971)   3,636,911


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                               (69,383)       14,035


Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                    (507,850)   2,992,882


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                         4,382,887      1,390,005


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                               3,875,037      4,382,887


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                            3,869,564      4,375,678
  Short-term restricted cash                                                                  196           328
  Long-term restricted cash                                                                  5,277         6,881
  Income taxes paid                                                                        29,500         15,695
  Interest paid                                                                            25,169         29,967
Supplemental non-cash activities:
  Accruals for capital expenditures                                                        95,346         53,197
  Purchase of in-process research and development included in
    accounts payable                                                                             –        75,000




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT     295
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                                                     Attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                                                      Additional                Other
                                                                         Ordinary Shares                 Paid-In      Comprehensive      Accumulated
                                                                        Shares             Amount         Capital      Income/(Loss)          Deficit         Total
                                                                                           US$’000      US$’000              US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


Balance at December 31, 2020                                      1,190,821,941               118      7,414,932                6,942      (3,618,711)   3,803,281


Issuance of ordinary shares in connection with STAR Offering       115,055,260                 12      3,392,604                     –              –    3,392,616
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, net of cost               2,151,877                   –        50,000                     –              –       50,000
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs                       28,778,893                  3         92,759                     –              –       92,762
Use of shares reserved for share option exercises                    (2,003,690)                 –              –                    –              –             –
Share-based compensation                                                      –                  –       240,712                     –              –      240,712
Other comprehensive income                                                    –                  –              –              11,008               –       11,008
Net loss                                                                      –                  –              –                    –     (1,457,816)   (1,457,816)


Balance at December 31, 2021                                      1,334,804,281               133     11,191,007               17,950      (5,076,527)   6,132,563


Cost from issuance of ordinary shares                                         –                  –          (152)                    –              –          (152)
Use of shares reserved for share option exercises                    1,375,621                   –              –                    –              –             –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs                       19,960,278                  2         46,962                     –              –       46,964
Share-based compensation                                                      –                  –       303,162                     –              –      303,162
Other comprehensive loss                                                      –                  –              –             (95,367)              –       (95,367)
Net loss                                                                      –                  –              –                    –     (2,003,815)   (2,003,815)


Balance at December 31, 2022                                      1,356,140,180               135     11,540,979              (77,417)     (7,080,342)   4,383,355




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




296         BEIGENE, LTD.                  •        2022       ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION


     BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”, “BeiGene”, “it”, “its”) is a global biotechnology company that is developing
     and commercializing innovative affordable oncology medicines to improve treatment outcomes and access
     for patients worldwide.


     The Company currently has three approved medicines that were discovered and developed in its own
     labs, including BRUKINSA®, a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) for the treatment
     of various blood cancers; tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various
     solid tumor and blood cancers; and pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2.
     The Company has obtained approvals to market BRUKINSA in the United States, the People’s Republic
     of China (China or the PRC), the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (UK), Canada, Australia and
     additional international markets, and tislelizumab and pamiparib in China. By leveraging its China commercial
     capabilities, the Company has in-licensed the rights to distribute 13 approved medicines for the China market.
     Supported by its global clinical development and commercial capabilities, the Company has entered into
     collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such as Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”) and Novartis
     Pharma AG (“Novartis”) to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


     The Company is committed to advancing best and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-
     minded partners to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Its internal
     clinical development capabilities are deep, including a more than 2,700-person global clinical development
     and medical affairs team that is running close to 80 ongoing or planned clinical trials in over 50 medicines
     and drug candidates. This includes more than 30 pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials across its
     portfolio, including three internally discovered, approved medicines. The Company has enrolled in its clinical
     trials more than 18,000 subjects, of which approximately one-half have been outside of China.


     The Company has built, and is expanding, its internal manufacturing capabilities, through its state-of-the-art
     biologic and small molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand
     of its medicines, and is building a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in
     New Jersey. The Company also works with high quality contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to
     manufacture its internally developed clinical and commercial products.


     Since its inception in 2010, the Company has become a fully integrated global organization of over 9,000
     employees in 29 countries and regions, including the United States, China, Europe and Australia.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT        297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (Continued)


      As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following 48 subsidiaries:


                                                                         Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                                        issued/paid-in    Ownership by
      Name of Company                      Place of Incorporation              capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


      BeiGene 101                          Cayman Islands                            –           100%     No substantial business activities
      BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd                  Australia                    US$56,947,230            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
        (“BeiGene Australia”)                                                                             and commercial, Australia
      BeiGene Austria GmbH                 Austria                         EUR35,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Austria
      BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd.          PRC*                      RMB1,922,787,023            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Beijing”)                                                                               development, PRC
      BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.          PRC*                     RMB14,540,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Biologics”)                                                                             development and manufacturing, PRC
      BeiGene (Canada) ULC                 Canada                             CAD100             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Canada
      BeiGene ESP, S.L.U.                  Spain                            EUR3,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Spain
      BeiGene France Sarl                  France                           EUR7,500             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, France
      BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics          PRC*                     RMB12,490,389,800            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                                                           development and manufacturing and commercial,
        (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”)                                                                     PRC
      BeiGene (Guangzhou) Innovation       PRC*                        US$263,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                              development, PRC
        (“BeiGene Guangzhou”, formerly
        known as BeiGene (Guangzhou)
        Co., Ltd.)
      BeiGene Germany GmbH                 Germany                         EUR25,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Germany




298     BEIGENE, LTD.               •    2022        ANNUAL REPORT
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                                           Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                                          issued/paid-in    Ownership by
     Name of Company                         Place of Incorporation              capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


     BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited        Hong Kong, China                 HK$1 and             100%     Investment holding, Hong Kong, China
       (“BeiGene HK”)                                                 RMB13,700,000,000
     Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co., Ltd.     PRC*                          US$4,000,000            100%     No substantial business activities, holding property
       (“Innerway”)                                                                                         for company operations, PRC
     BeiGene International GmbH              Switzerland                     CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Switzerland
     BeiGene (Italy) S.r.l.                  Italy                           EUR10,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Italy
     BeiGene Brazil Ltda.                    Brazil                        BRL2,450,190            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Brazil
     BeiGene Poland sp. z o.o.               Poland                           PLN5,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Poland
     BeiGene South Africa Pty Ltd.           South Africa                              –           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, South Africa
     BeiGene Sweden AB                       Sweden                          SEK25,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Sweden
     BeiGene Turkey Medical Products         Turkey                          TRY10,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
       Trade Limited Company                                                                                and commercial, Turkey
     BeiGene Ireland Limited                 Republic of Ireland                       –           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
       (“BeiGene Ireland”)                                                                                  and commercial, Republic of Ireland
     BeiGene Japan, Ltd.                     Japan                         JPY1,781,660            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Japan
     BeiGene Korea Y.H.                      South Korea                KRW145,000,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, South Korea
     BeiGene Netherlands B.V.                Netherlands                               –           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Netherlands
     BeiGene NZ Unlimited (formerly known    New Zealand                    NZD100,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
       as BeiGene NZ, Limited)                                                                              and commercial, New Zealand
     BeiGene Pharmaceuticals GmbH            Switzerland                     CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                            and commercial, Switzerland




                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.             •     2022        ANNUAL REPORT                      299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                                              Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                                             issued/paid-in    Ownership by
      Name of Company                           Place of Incorporation              capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou)       PRC*                         RMB3,800,000             100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
        Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical
        (Guangzhou)”)
      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals Israel Ltd.       Israel                           ILS10,000            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                               and commercial, Israel
      SuGene Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou) Co.,      PRC*                         RMB7,000,000             100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
        Ltd. (formerly known as BeiGene
        Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.)
      BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai)         PRC*                          US$1,000,000            100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
        Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical
        (Shanghai)”)
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.              PRC*                      RMB1,434,344,311            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Shanghai”)                                                                                   development, PRC
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Management             PRC*                         RMB1,000,000             100%     Business management and consulting, PRC
        Consulting Co., Ltd.
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Research &             PRC*                       RMB270,000,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                  development, PRC
      BeiGene Singapore Pte. Ltd.               Singapore                            SGD1             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                               and commercial, Singapore
      BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                PRC*                      RMB3,673,218,389            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Suzhou”)                                                                                     manufacturing and commercial, PRC
      BeiGene Switzerland GmbH                  Switzerland                     CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Switzerland”)                                                                                development and commercial, Switzerland
      BeiGene (Taiwan) Limited                  Taiwan, China              TWD168,000,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                               and commercial, Taiwan, China
      BeiGene UK, Ltd. (“BeiGene UK”)           United Kingdom                     GBP143             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                               and commercial, United Kingdom
      BeiGene United Kingdom, Ltd.              United Kingdom                    GBP 110             100%     Investment holding, United Kingdom
      BeiGene USA, Inc. (“BeiGene USA”)         Delaware, United States               US$1            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                               and commercial, U.S.
      BeiGene US Holdings, LLC                  Delaware, United States      US$54,000,000            100%     Investment holding, U.S.




300     BEIGENE, LTD.                 •       2022       ANNUAL REPORT
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                                         Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                                        issued/paid-in    Ownership by
     Name of Company                       Place of Incorporation              capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


     BeiGene US Manufacturing Co., Inc.    Delaware, United States     US$210,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                          development and manufacturing. U.S.
     BeiGene Hopewell Urban Renewal,       New Jersey, United States   US$125,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         LLC                                                                                              development and manufacturing. U.S.
     Pi Health, Ltd.                       Cayman Islands               US$22,500,000            100%     Health technology research and development,
                                                                                                          Cayman Islands
     Pi Health USA, LLC                    Delaware, United States       US$5,000,000            100%     Health technology research and development, U.S.
     Pi Health Brasil Consultoria Ltda.    Brazil                                    –           100%     Investment holding and business management and
                                                                                                          consulting, Brazil
     B10 Health Technologies Private       India                       INR370,344,475            100%     Health technology research and development, India
         Limited
     Newco 101                             Cayman Islands                            –           100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                          development, Cayman Islands

     *         Limited liability company established in PRC


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


     Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation


     The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All
     significant intercompany transactions and balances between the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
     are eliminated upon consolidation.


     Non-controlling interests are recognized to reflect the portion of the equity of subsidiaries which are not
     attributable, directly or indirectly, to the controlling shareholders. Prior to 2020, the Company consolidated its
     interests in its joint ventures, BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd. (BeiGene Biologics) and MapKure, LLC (MapKure),
     under the voting model and recognized the minority shareholders’ equity interest as a non-controlling
     interest in its consolidated financial statements. In June 2020, the Company deconsolidated MapKure and
     recorded an equity method investment for its remaining ownership interest in the joint venture (see Note 6).
     In November 2020, the Company acquired the remaining equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. Subsequent to
     the share purchase, BeiGene Biologics is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (see Note 9).




                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.             •     2022        ANNUAL REPORT                     301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Use of Estimates


      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures
      of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
      revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include, but
      are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration in product
      sales and collaboration revenue arrangements, identifying separate accounting units and the standalone
      selling price of each performance obligation in the Company’s revenue arrangements, assessing the
      impairment of long-lived assets, valuation and recognition of share-based compensation expenses, estimating
      uncertain tax positions, valuation of inventory, estimating the allowance for credit losses, determining defined
      benefit pension plan obligations, measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and the fair value
      of financial instruments. Management bases the estimates on historical experience, known trends and
      various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
      judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency

      The Company uses the United States dollar (“US$” or U.S. dollar) as its reporting currency. Operations
      in subsidiaries are recorded in the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. The determination of
      functional currency is based on the criteria of Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 830, Foreign Currency
      Matters.


      Foreign currency translation

      For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
      rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, to translate the operating results and
      financial position to U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, respectively. Translation differences are recorded in
      accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity. Transactions denominated
      in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange
      rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities are
      remeasured at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Remeasurement exchange gains and
      losses are included in the consolidated statements of operations.




302    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
     withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
     three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
     of money market funds are stated at fair value.


     Restricted cash

     Restricted cash primarily consists of RMB-denominated cash deposits pledged in designated bank accounts
     as collateral for bank loans and letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-
     current based on the term of the restriction.


     In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
     the proceeds from the STAR offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
     prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved by the board
     of directors.


     Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses


     Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of trade discounts and allowances
     as well as an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses reflects the Company’s current
     estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the receivables. The Company considers
     various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for credit losses including the aging
     of receivables and aging trends, customer creditworthiness and specific exposures related to particular
     customers. The Company also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country
     specific risks and economic factors that may affect a customer’s ability to pay in establishing and adjusting its
     allowance for credit losses. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection efforts have ceased.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Inventory


      Prior to the regulatory approval of product candidates, the Company may incur expenses for the manufacture
      of drug product to support the commercial launch of those products. Until the date at which regulatory
      approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, all such costs are recorded as research and
      development expenses as incurred.


      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost determined in a manner that
      approximates the first-in, first-out method. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes
      down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable
      value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The determination of
      whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates by management. If actual market conditions are
      less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be required, which
      would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.


      Investments


      The Company’s investments consist of available-for-sale debt securities, convertible note instruments, public
      equity securities with readily determinable fair values, private equity securities without readily determinable
      fair values, and equity-method investments. The classification of an investment is determined based on the
      nature of the investment, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the investment, and the degree to which the
      Company may exercise influence over the investee.


      •     Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net
            of tax, reported in other comprehensive loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified as
            available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such
            amortization is computed using the effective interest method and included in interest income. Interest
            and dividends are included in interest income. Available-for-sale debt securities with original maturities
            greater than three months at the date of purchase and less than one year from the date of the balance
            sheet are classified as short-term. Available-for-sale debt securities with maturities beyond one year
            may be classified as short-term marketable securities due to their highly liquid nature and because they
            represent the Company’s investments that are available for current operations.


      •     Convertible note instruments are recorded using the fair value option method of accounting.
            Accordingly, convertible note instruments are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis, with any
            changes in the fair value option recorded in other (expense) income, net.




304       BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Investments (Continued)


     •    Public equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded at fair value. Subsequent
          changes in fair value are recorded in other (expense) income, net. Derivative financial instruments
          to purchase public equity securities are recorded at fair value. The estimated fair value of derivative
          financial instruments is determined based on the Black-Scholes valuation model. Changes in fair value
          of derivative instruments are recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Private equity securities without readily determinable fair values and where the Company does not have
          significant influence are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting
          from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the
          same issuer. Adjustments to private equity securities are recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock where the Company has significant
          influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee are accounted for as equity-method
          investments. Equity-method investments are initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted
          based on the Company’s percentage ownership in the investee’s income and expenses, as well as
          dividends, if any. The Company records its share of the investee’s results of operations in other (expense)
          income, net. The Company records impairment losses on our equity method investments if it deems
          the impairment to be other-than-temporary. The Company deems an impairment to be other-than-
          temporary based on various factors, including but not limited to, the length of time the fair value is below
          the carrying value and ability to retain the investment to allow for a recovery in fair value.


     Realized gains or losses on sales of investments are determined based on the specific identification method.


     The Company regularly evaluates its investments in debt and equity for impairment. The Company recognizes
     an allowance on available-for-sale debt securities when a portion of the unrealized loss is attributable to a
     credit loss and a corresponding credit loss in net income. No impairment losses or allowance for credit losses
     on investments were recorded for any periods presented.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT        305
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Property, Plant and Equipment


      Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property,
      plant and equipment, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated using the straight-line
      method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                                         Useful Lives


      Building                                                                                               20 years
      Manufacturing equipment                                                                            3 to 10 years
      Laboratory Equipment                                                                                3 to 5 years
      Software, Electronic and Office Equipment                                                           3 to 5 years
      Leasehold Improvements                                                        Lesser of useful life or lease term


      Leases


      The Company applies ASC, Topic 842, Leases (ASC 842) to account for its leases. The Company determines
      if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease
      components, which are accounted for as a single lease component based on the Company’s policy election
      to combine lease and non-lease components for its leases. Leases are classified as operating or finance
      leases in accordance with the recognition criteria in ASC 842-20-25. The Company’s lease portfolio consists
      entirely of operating leases as of December 31, 2022. The Company’s leases do not contain any material
      residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.


      At the commencement date of a lease, the Company determines the classification of the lease based on the
      relevant factors present and records a right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liability. ROU assets represent
      the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make
      lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are calculated as the present value
      of the lease payments not yet paid. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded
      from the ROU asset and lease liability calculations and are recognized in expense in the period which the
      obligation for those payments is incurred. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not typically readily
      available, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
      commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This incremental borrowing rate
      reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease
      payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. ROU assets include
      any lease prepayments and are reduced by lease incentives. Operating lease expense for lease payments is
      recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease terms are based on the non-cancelable term
      of the lease and may contain options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will
      exercise that option.




306    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Leases (Continued)


     Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities on the
     consolidated balance sheet. Lease liabilities that become due within one year of the balance sheet date are
     classified as current liabilities.


     Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
     Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


     Land Use Right, Net


     All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for
     a specified period of time. Land use rights represent operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. The
     purchase price of land use rights represents lease prepayments to the PRC government and is recorded as an
     operating lease ROU asset on the balance sheet. The ROU asset is amortized over the remaining lease term.


     In 2017, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Guangzhou
     for the purpose of constructing and operating the Company’s biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou.
     In 2019, the Company acquired a second Guangzhou land use right from the local Bureau of Land and
     Resources. In 2021, the Company acquired two land use rights from the local Bureau of Land and Resources
     to expand its biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou. Guangzhou land use rights are being amortized
     over the respective terms of the land use rights, which are each 50 years.


     In 2018, the Company acquired a land use right in conjunction with the acquisition of Innerway. The land use
     right is being amortized over the term of the land use right, which is 36 years.


     In 2020, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Suzhou to
     construct its research, development and manufacturing facility in Suzhou. In 2022, the Company acquired a
     second Suzhou land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources. The land use rights are being
     amortized over the respective terms of the land use rights, which are each 30 years.


     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


     Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a
     business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company allocates
     the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
     values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over the fair value of the
     net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized,
     but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would
     indicate a potential impairment.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT        307
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Continued)


      The Company has elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
      that the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The
      qualitative assessment includes the Company’s evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
      Company’s single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the Company’s
      overall financial performance, and trends in the market price of the Company’s ADSs. If qualitative factors
      indicate that it is more likely than not that the Company’s reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying
      amount, then the Company will perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the reporting unit’s
      carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
      its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended
      December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of
      goodwill.


      Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
      and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
      business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on their
      relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Intangible assets associated with milestone payments
      made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are recorded at cost. Identifiable intangible assets
      consist of distribution rights for approved cancer therapies licensed from BMS that are amortized on a
      straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is 10 years; post-approval milestone
      payments under license and commercialization agreements, that are amortized over the remainder of the
      product patent or the term of the commercialization agreements; and trading licenses that are amortized over
      the initial license term.


      Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
      could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
      Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
      assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
      disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets,
      the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over
      their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be generated
      by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
      2021, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its other intangible assets.




308     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Impairment of Long-Lived Assets


     Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
     disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
     indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
     carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was
     no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.


     Fair Value Measurements


     Fair value of financial instruments

     The Company applies ASC topic 820 (ASC 820), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, in measuring fair
     value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures to
     be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes
     the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


     Level 1 － Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
     markets.


     Level 2 － Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


     Level 3 － Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


     ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1) market
     approach; (2) income approach; and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
     information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
     income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
     measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
     The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          309
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)

      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

      The following tables set forth assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and
      2021:

                                                                  Quoted Price
                                                                      in Active      Significant
                                                                    Market for            Other      Significant
                                                                      Identical     Observable     Unobservable
                                                                         Assets          Inputs          Inputs
      As of December 31, 2022                                          (Level 1)       (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                                      US$’000          US$’000         US$’000

      Cash equivalents:
        Money market funds                                             758,114                 –                –
      Short-term investments (Note 6):
        U.S. treasury securities                                       665,251                 –                –
      Other non-current assets (Note 6):
        Equity securities with readily determinable fair values           3,307             706                 –
        Convertible debt instrument                                           –               –             3,000
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Note 6):
        Convertible debt instrument                                           –                –            5,190


      Total                                                          1,426,672              706             8,190


                                                                  Quoted Price
                                                                      in Active      Significant
                                                                    Market for            Other      Significant
                                                                      Identical     Observable     Unobservable
                                                                         Assets          Inputs          Inputs
      As of December 31, 2021                                          (Level 1)       (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                                     US$’000           US$’000         US$’000

      Cash equivalents
        U.S. treasury securities                                       107,855                 –                –
        Money market funds                                             315,564                 –                –
      Short-term investments (Note 6):
        U.S. treasury securities                                     2,241,962                 –                –
      Other non-current assets (Note 6):
        Equity securities with readily determinable fair values         23,809           10,306                 –


      Total                                                          2,689,190           10,306                 –




310    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements (Continued)

     Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

     The Company’s cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with original maturities of 3 months or less.
     Short-term investments represent the Company’s investments in available-for-sale debt securities. The
     Company determines the fair value of cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities using a market
     approach based on quoted prices in active markets.


     The Company’s equity securities carried at fair value consist of holdings in common stock and warrants
     to purchase additional shares of common stock of Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (Leap), which were acquired
     in connection with a collaboration and license agreement entered into in January 2020 and in Leap’s
     underwritten public offering in September 2021. The common stock investment in Leap, a publicly-traded
     biotechnology company, is measured and carried at fair value and classified as Level 1. The warrants to
     purchase additional shares of common stock in Leap are classified as a Level 2 investment and are measured
     using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model, which utilizes a constant maturity risk-free rate
     and reflects the term of the warrants, dividend yield and stock price volatility, that is based on the historical
     volatility of similar companies. Refer to Note 6, Investments for details of the determination of the carrying
     amount of private equity investments without readily determinable fair values and equity method investments.


     The Company holds convertible notes issued by two private biotech companies. The Company has elected
     the fair value option method of accounting for the convertible notes. Accordingly, the convertible notes are
     remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs.


     As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
     receivable, accounts payable, and short-term debt approximated their carrying values due to their short-term
     nature. Long-term debt approximates its fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate
     the rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities.


     Revenue Recognition

     The Company applies ASC, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) to account for its
     revenue transactions.


     Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
     services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
     goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
     the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
     (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
     consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
     (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
     the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
     entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           311
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Revenue Recognition (Continued)


      Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
      the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
      obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
      allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


      Product Revenue


      The Company generates product revenues in China through the sale of its internally developed drugs
      tislelizumab, BRUKINSA and pamiparib, and the sale of in-licensed products through its agreements with
      Amgen, BMS, Bio-Thera and EUSA Pharma. Under the commercial profit share arrangement with Amgen, the
      Company is the principal for in-licensed product sales to customers in China during the commercialization
      period and recognizes 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to Amgen for its portion
      of net product sales are recorded as cost of sales. In the United States, the Company generates product
      revenues from the sale of BRUKINSA.


      In China, the Company sells its internally developed products to multiple distributors, who in turn sell the
      product to hospitals or pharmacies within their authorized territories to be sold ultimately to patients. In-
      licensed products are sold to a first tier distributor who subsequently resells the products to second tier
      distributors who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients. In the United States, the
      Company distributes BRUKINSA through specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors. The specialty
      pharmacies and specialty distributors subsequently resell the product to health care providers and patients.


      The Company is the principal under the product sales as the Company controls the products with the ability
      to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the products before they are sold
      to the customer. For product sales transactions, the Company has a single performance obligation which is
      to sell the products to its customer. The Company includes variable consideration in the transaction price
      to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and estimates variable consideration
      from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives
      using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when the
      single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the customer. The Company’s payment terms
      are approximately 45-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the
      Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual
      results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which
      would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.




312    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Product Revenue (Continued)


     Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government
     and commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in the PRC,
     chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered
     within contracts between the Company and its customers, health care providers and other indirect customers.
     Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-
     weighted for relevant factors such as our historical experience, current contractual and statutory requirements,
     channel inventory levels, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer
     buying and payment patterns.


     The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as
     reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly
     launched products where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially
     calculated based on benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or
     benchmarking data the Company uses to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then
     a change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues
     in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in
     determining the current sales return allowance. To date, sales returns have not been significant.


     Collaboration Revenue


     At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
     the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (ASC 808) to determine whether such arrangements
     involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
     exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
     collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
     determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
     are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
     of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
     is determined and applied consistently.


     In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
     agreements, the Company performs the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          313
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Collaboration Revenue (Continued)


      The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
      obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
      development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
      return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
      assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
      identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
      Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
      of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
      each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
      good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
      received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
      customers.


      Licenses of Intellectual Property : Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
      property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
      in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from non-
      refundable up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
      licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.


      Options to License Intellectual Property : Upfront non-refundable payments for options to license the
      Company’s intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the option represents a material right and is
      distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For options determined to be
      a material right and distinct, the Company defers the non-refundable up-front fees allocated to the option
      and recognizes revenues at a point in time, at the earlier of when the option is exercised or the option period
      expires.


      Right to Access Intellectual Property during the Option Period : The portion of a transaction price allocated
      to the other parties right to access the Company’s intellectual property to generate their own data during an
      option period is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over the option period on a straight-line
      basis as the right to use the intellectual property is provided and the data generated.


      Research and Development Services : The portion of a transaction price allocated to research and
      development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
      as delivery or performance of such services occurs.




314     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Collaboration Revenue (Continued)


     Milestone Payments : At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
     the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
     amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
     significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
     price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
     phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
     generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
     is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
     Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
     included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
     and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
     period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
     process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
     obtained.


     Royalties : For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
     the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
     Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
     obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


     Research and Development Expenses


     Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development
     activities, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings, which
     primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
     and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
     technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
     supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
     provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
     research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
     incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
     alternative future uses.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT             315
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Research and Development Expenses (Continued)


      Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
      Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
      of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
      clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
      parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
      in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
      accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
      in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


      The process of estimating the Company’s research and development expenses involves reviewing open
      contracts and purchase orders, communicating with its personnel to identify services that have been
      performed on its behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for
      the services when the Company has not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The
      majority of the Company’s service providers invoice it in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined
      schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. The Company
      makes estimates of the expenses as of each balance sheet date in its financial statements based on facts
      and circumstances known to the Company at that time. Although the Company does not expect its estimates
      to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, the understanding of the status and timing of
      services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result
      in the Company reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. There were no
      material adjustments for a change in estimate to research and development expenses in the accompanying
      consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.


      Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


      The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments
      that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments,
      are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they
      are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would
      constitute a “business” as defined under U.S. GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for
      marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use. Milestone payments
      made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized
      over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales of the products
      licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are recognized.




316    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Government Grants


     Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
     Company are recognized as other (expense) income, net upon receipt. In the event government grants
     or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company will capitalize the payment as a
     liability and recognize the same financial statement caption as the performance obligation relates over the
     performance period.


     The Company received government assistance in the form of cash primarily to support the Guangzhou
     manufacturing facility build-out and research and development programs. Government assistance received
     related to the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out was recognized as other long-term liabilities and
     is amortized over the same useful lives of the related assets as depreciation expense. As of December 31,
     2022 and 2021, other long-term liabilities related to the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out totaled
     US$38,118,000 and US$44,593,000, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation
     expense is presented net of amortization of government assistance of US$3,169,000.


     Government assistance received to support research and development programs was recorded as other
     long-term liabilities upon receipt and is recognized as other (expense) income, net when the associated
     research and development programs are completed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, other long-term
     liabilities related to research and development programs totaled US$58,000 and US$1,759,000, respectively.
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized other income of US$1,664,000 upon the
     completion of a designated research and development program.


     Comprehensive Loss


     Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions
     and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and
     distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income , requires that all items
     that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss
     be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
     For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency
     translation adjustments, pension liability adjustments and unrealized holding gains/losses associated with the
     available-for-sale debt securities, and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT             317
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Share-Based Compensation


      Awards granted to employees

      The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation (ASC 718), to account for its employee
      share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award should be
      classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-based
      awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements based
      on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using an
      option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
      market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has
      elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards
      granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost
      recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at
      that date. The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on
      performance conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of
      the share-based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.
      ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
      period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


      Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
      adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense
      is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share-based awards
      that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company revises these estimates in the future, the share-based
      payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company,
      with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the
      stock options granted to employees using the binomial option pricing model.


      Awards granted to non-employees

      The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
      provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity . All transactions in which goods or services are received in
      exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or
      the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The grant date is the
      measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued. The expense is recognized in the same
      manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance
      with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments to non-employees . The Company estimated the fair value of share
      options granted to non-employees using the same method as employees.




318    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


     Modification of awards

     A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
     Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
     the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
     value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
     recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
     Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
     cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
     If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
     modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.


     Income Taxes


     The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
     assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
     bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
     differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
     some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


     The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes , which
     prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
     financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
     “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
     assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
     threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
     has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
     recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
     expense.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT         319
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Loss Per Share


      Loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic loss per ordinary share
      is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of
      ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the two-class method,
      net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities based on dividends declared
      (or accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if all the earnings for the reporting
      period had been distributed. The Company’s restricted shares are participating securities because they have
      contractual rights to share in the profits of the Company.


      However, the restricted shares do not have contractual rights and obligations to share in the losses of the
      Company. For the periods presented herein, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-class
      method is not applicable as the Company is in a net loss position.


      Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders as adjusted
      for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number of ordinary and
      dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares consist of the
      ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares, if any, using the
      if-converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the share options and unvested
      restricted shares, using the treasury stock method.


      Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
      be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Company’s consolidated
      statements of operations.


      Segment Information


      In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
      Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
      and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
      segment: pharmaceutical products.




320    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks


     Concentration of credit risk

     Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-
     term investments, and accounts receivable.


     As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, US$3,869,564,000 and US$4,375,678,000 were deposited with various
     major reputable financial institutions located in the PRC and international financial institutions outside of the
     PRC, respectively. The deposits placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial
     insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Company may be unable to
     claim its deposits back in full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality
     and continually monitors the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022 and
     2021, the Company had short-term investments amounting to US$665,251,000 and US$2,241,962,000,
     respectively.


     At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company’s short-term investments were comprised of U.S. treasury
     securities. The Company believes that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually
     monitors the credit worthiness of these institutions.


     As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts receivable, net of US$173,168,000 and
     US$483,113,000, respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales and
     amounts due from its collaboration partners. The Company monitors economic conditions to identify facts or
     circumstances that may indicate receivables are at risk of collection.


     Customer concentration risk

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to the Company’s four largest product distributors, Sinopharm,
     Shanghai Pharmaceutical, ASD Specialty Healthcare and China Resources represented approximately 18.1%,
     15.5%, 14.2% and 12.1% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately
     57.0% of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
     the Company’s collaboration revenue consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing
     collaboration agreements with Novartis.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          321
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Concentration of Risks (Continued)


      Customer concentration risk (Continued)

      For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to the Company’s three largest product distributors, Sinopharm,
      China Resources, and Shanghai Pharmaceutical represented approximately 26.0%, 19.9% and 16.7% of
      product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately 23.4% of trade accounts receivable
      as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company’s collaboration revenue
      consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis.
      Receivables from Novartis represented approximately 66.4% of trade accounts receivable as of December
      31, 2021, primarily due to the invoicing of the US$300,000,000 upfront fee related to the Ociperlimab option,
      collaboration and license agreement.


      Business, customer, political, social and economic risks

      The Company participates in a dynamic biopharmaceutical industry and believes that changes in any of the
      following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of
      operations, or cash flows: changes in the overall demand for services and products; competitive pressures
      due to existing competitors and new entrants; advances and new trends in new drugs and industry standards;
      changes in clinical research organizations, contract manufacturers and other key vendors; changes in
      certain strategic relationships or customer relationships; regulatory considerations; intellectual property
      considerations; and risks associated with the Company’s ability to attract and retain employees necessary
      to support its growth. The Company’s operations could be also adversely affected by significant political,
      economic and social uncertainties in the PRC and in relations between the PRC and United States.




322    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks (Continued)


     Currency convertibility risk

     A significant portion of the Company’s expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. In 1994, the
     PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily
     by the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC). However, the unification of the exchange rates does not imply
     that the RMB may be readily convertible into U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange
     transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign
     currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC
     or other institutions require submitting a payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping
     documents and signed contracts.


     Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international
     economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading
     system market.


     Foreign currency exchange rate risk

     The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. The Company’s
     reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, but a portion of its operating transactions and assets and liabilities are
     in other currencies, such as RMB, Euro, and Australian dollar. While the Company holds significant amounts
     of RMB, and is subject to foreign currency exchange risk upon revaluation or translation into the Company’s
     reporting currency, the Company expects to utilize its existing RMB cash deposits in the operation of its China
     business over the next several years, and as a result, has not used derivative financial instruments to hedge
     exposure to such risk.


     RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value of RMB
     against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political
     and economic conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. Since July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted
     to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. For RMB
     against U.S. dollar, there was depreciation of approximately 8.2% and appreciation of approximately 2.3%,
     in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S.
     government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          323
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Concentration of Risks (Continued)


      Foreign currency exchange rate risk (Continued)

      To the extent that the Company needs to convert U.S. dollar into RMB for capital expenditures and working
      capital and other business purposes, appreciation of RMB against U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect
      on the RMB amount the Company would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if the Company decides to
      convert RMB into U.S. dollar for the purpose of making payments for dividends on ordinary shares, strategic
      acquisitions or investments or other business purposes, appreciation of U.S. dollar against RMB would have a
      negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to the Company.


      In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S.
      dollar equivalent of the Company’s foreign cash balances and trade receivables. Further, volatility in exchange
      rate fluctuations may have a significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded
      in other comprehensive income (loss). The revaluation impact of foreign currencies held in U.S. functional
      currency subsidiaries may result in significant foreign exchange gains (losses) in the consolidated statement
      of operations. The Company has not used derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign
      exchange risk.


      Revision of prior period financial statements


      The Company evaluates the recoverability of its deferred tax assets on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis by
      assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of temporary
      differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies in accordance with ASC 740.
      This assessment is subject to a high degree of subjectivity, as the sources of income rely heavily on estimates
      that are based on a number of factors, including historical experience and short-range and long-range
      business forecasts. A valuation allowance is provided when the Company determines that it is more-likely-
      than-not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


      Prior to the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the majority of its net deferred tax assets
      (primarily in the U.S.) were realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis, primarily due to cumulative pre-tax
      income at the taxpaying entity and the weighting of available positive and negative evidence. Accordingly,
      no valuation allowance was previously recorded related to those deferred tax assets. In October 2022, in
      connection with the preparation of its condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine
      months ended September 30, 2022, the Company reassessed its position on the realizability of its net
      deferred tax assets and determined that the negative evidence associated with cumulative losses at the
      consolidated financial statement level are not able to be overcome by other positive evidence, and therefore,
      a valuation allowance should be applied to its net deferred tax asset balance. The Company determined the
      previous conclusion to not apply a valuation allowance to certain net deferred tax assets was an error.




324    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revision of prior period financial statements (Continued)


     In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 99, “Materiality,” and SAB No. 108, “Considering the
     Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements,”
     the Company evaluated the error and determined that the related impact was not material to any of its
     previously issued financial statements, but that correcting the cumulative impact of the error would be
     significant to its statements of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the
     Company has revised the annual periods of fiscal year 2021 consolidated financial statements and related
     notes included herein to record a valuation allowance against the Company’s net deferred tax asset balance
     for all periods presented. A summary of revisions to previously reported financial statements is presented
     in Note 3, Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements . Note 13, Income Taxes and Note 19, Loss Per
     Share have been updated to reflect the revision. The Company will also correct previously reported financial
     information for this error in its future filings, as applicable.


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements


     New accounting standards which have been adopted

     In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosures by
     Business Entities about Government Assistance. This update requires certain annual disclosures about
     transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting
     model by analogy. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and
     early application is permitted. This guidance should be applied either prospectively to all transactions that
     are reflected in financial statements at the date of initial application and new transactions that are entered
     into after the date of initial application or retrospectively to those transactions. The Company adopted
     this standard on January 1, 2022. The adoption of this standard has been applied to existing government
     assistance transactions.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT        325
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    REVISION OF PRIOR PERIOD FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      As discussed in Note 2, the Company revised certain prior period financial statements to correct an error
      related to the valuation of net deferred tax assets, the impact of which was immaterial to our previously filed
      financial statements in the annual periods of fiscal 2021 (See Note 2). Specifically, a valuation allowance
      should have been recorded on all net deferred tax assets and such a valuation allowance was not previously
      recorded. A summary of revisions to the Company’s previously reported financial statements for the
      comparative periods presented within this Annual Report is presented below.


      Consolidated Balance Sheet


                                                                             As of December 31, 2021
                                                                   As Reported       Adjustments        As Revised
                                                                       US$’000           US$’000          US$’000


      Deferred tax assets                                              110,424           (110,424)                –
      Total non-current assets                                       1,032,069           (110,424)         921,645
      Total assets                                                   8,645,949           (110,424)       8,535,525
      Accumulated deficit                                            (4,966,103)         (110,424)      (5,076,527)
      Total equity                                                   6,242,987           (110,424)       6,132,563
      Total liabilities and equity                                   8,645,949           (110,424)       8,535,525


      Consolidated Statements of Operations


                                                                          Year Ended December 31, 2021
                                                                   As Reported       Adjustments        As Revised
                                                                       US$’000           US$’000          US$’000


      Income tax expense (benefit)                                      (25,234)          44,462            19,228
      Net loss                                                       (1,413,354)          (44,462)      (1,457,816)
      Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.,
        basic and diluted (in US$)                                         (1.17)           (0.04)            (1.21)
      Net loss per ADS (in US$)                                          (15.23)            (0.48)           (15.71)




326    BEIGENE, LTD.         •       2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   REVISION OF PRIOR PERIOD FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31, 2021
                                                                           As Reported         Adjustments              As Revised
                                                                              US$’000              US$’000                  US$’000


     Net loss                                                               (1,413,354)              (44,462)             (1,457,816)
     Comprehensive loss                                                     (1,402,346)              (44,462)             (1,446,808)


     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31, 2021
                                                                           As Reported         Adjustments              As Revised
                                                                              US$’000              US$’000                  US$’000


     Operating activities:
       Net loss                                                             (1,413,354)              (44,462)             (1,457,816)
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
       operating activities:
       Deferred income tax expense                                              (41,085)             44,462                   3,377
       Net cash used in operating activities                                (1,298,723)                      –            (1,298,723)


     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity


                                                        Accumulated Deficit                                Total Equity
                                           As Reported       Adjustments      As Revised    As Reported    Adjustments      As Revised
                                                US$’000         US$’000         US$’000        US$’000        US$’000         US$’000



     Balance at December 31, 2020              (3,552,749)       (65,962)     (3,618,711)     3,869,243          (65,962)    3,803,281
       Net loss                                (1,413,354)       (44,462)     (1,457,816)    (1,413,354)         (44,462)    (1,457,816)


     Balance at December 31, 2021              (4,966,103)      (110,424)     (5,076,527)     6,242,987       (110,424)      6,132,563




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2022    ANNUAL REPORT                 327
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS


      The Company enters into collaborative arrangements for the research and development, manufacture and/
      or commercialization of drug products and drug candidates. To date, these collaborative arrangements have
      included out-licenses of and options to out-license internally developed products and drug candidates to
      other parties, in-licenses of products and drug candidates from other parties, and profit- and cost-sharing
      arrangements. These arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations
      for potential development, regulatory and commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing and
      reimbursement arrangements, royalty payments, and profit sharing.


      Out-Licensing Arrangements


      During the two years ended December 31, 2022, the Company’s collaboration revenue related to its out-
      licensing collaborative agreements has consisted of upfront license fees, research and development services
      revenue and right to access intellectual property revenue from its collaboration agreements with Novartis for
      tislelizumab and ociperlimab.


      The following table summarizes total collaboration revenue recognized for the years ended December 31,
      2022 and 2021:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2022              2021
      Revenue from Collaborators                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      License revenue                                                                           –         484,646
      Research and development service revenue                                            46,822            53,671
      Right to access intellectual property revenue                                      104,994             3,979
      Other                                                                                9,493                 –


      Total                                                                              161,309          542,296




328    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License


     In January 2021, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting
     Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and Japan
     (the “Novartis Territory”). The Company and Novartis have agreed to jointly develop tislelizumab in these
     licensed countries, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
     commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies may conduct clinical trials globally
     to explore combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments, and the Company has an option to co-
     detail the product in North America, funded in part by Novartis.


     Under the agreement the Company received an upfront cash payment of US$650,000,000 from Novartis.
     The Company is eligible to receive up to US$1,300,000,000 upon the achievement of regulatory milestones,
     US$250,000,000 upon the achievement of sales milestones, and royalties on future sales of tislelizumab in the
     licensed territory. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is responsible for funding ongoing clinical
     trials of tislelizumab, Novartis has agreed to fund new registrational, bridging, or post-marketing studies in its
     territory, and each party will be responsible for funding clinical trials evaluating tislelizumab in combination
     with its own or third party products. Each party retains the worldwide right to commercialize its propriety
     products in combination with tislelizumab.


     The Company evaluated the Novartis agreement under ASC 606 as all the material units of account
     within the agreement represented transactions with a customer. The Company identified the following
     material components under the agreement: (1) exclusive license for Novartis to develop, manufacture,
     and commercialize tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory, transfer of know-how and use of the tislelizumab
     trademark; (2) conducting and completing ongoing trials of tislelizumab (R&D services); and (3) supplying
     Novartis with required quantities of the tislelizumab drug product, or drug substance, upon receipt of an order
     from Novartis.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT          329
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Novartis (Continued)

      Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


      The Company determined that the license, transfer of know-how and use of trademarks are not distinct from
      each other and represent a single performance obligation. The R&D services represent a material promise and
      were determined to be a separate performance obligation at the outset of the agreement as the promise is
      distinct and has standalone value to Novartis. The Company evaluated the supply component of the contract
      and noted the supply will not be provided at a significant incremental discount to Novartis. The Company
      concluded that, for the purpose of ASC 606, the provision related to providing clinical and commercial supply
      of tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory was an option but not a performance obligation of the Company at
      the outset of the Novartis collaboration agreement. A performance obligation for the clinical and commercial
      supply will be established as quantities of drug product or drug substance are ordered by Novartis.


      The Company determined that the transaction price as of the outset of the arrangement was the upfront
      payment of US$650,000,000. The potential milestone payments that the Company is eligible to receive were
      excluded from the transaction price, as all milestone amounts were fully constrained due to uncertainty
      of achievement. The transaction price was allocated to the two identified performance obligations based
      on a relative fair value basis. The standalone selling price of the license, transfer of know-how and use of
      trademarks performance obligation was determined using the adjusted market assessment approach based
      on the probability-weighted present value of forecasted cash flows associated with out-licensing tislelizumab
      in the Novartis Territory. The standalone selling price of the R&D services was valued using a cost plus margin
      valuation approach based on the present value of estimated tislelizumab clinical trial costs plus a reasonable
      margin. Based on the relative standalone selling prices of the two performance obligations, US$484,646,000
      of the total transaction price was allocated to the license and US$165,354,000 was allocated to the R&D
      services. The estimates of the standalone selling prices involved management’s key assumptions such
      as revenue growth rate, estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory
      success, and discount rates. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by
      future economic, regulatory and market conditions.




330    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis (Continued)

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


     The Company satisfied the license performance obligation at a point in time when the license was delivered
     and the transfer of know-how completed which occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. As such,
     the Company recognized the entire amount of the transaction price allocated to the license as collaboration
     revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the R&D
     services was deferred and is being recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D services are performed
     using a percentage-of-completion method. Estimated costs to complete are reassessed on a periodic basis
     and any updates to the revenue earned are recognized on a prospective basis. The Company recognized R&D
     service revenue of US$39,655,000 and US$53,421,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
     respectively. The Company also recognized other collaboration revenue of US$9,493,000 related to the sale of
     tislelizumab clinical supply to Novartis in conjunction with the collaboration during the years ended December
     31, 2022.


     Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
     Agreement

     In December 2021, the Company expanded its collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option,
     collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Company’s
     investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, the Company and Novartis
     entered into an agreement granting the Company rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
     oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR®
     (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets.” In
     the first quarter of 2022, the Company initiated marketing and promotion of these five products.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         331
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement (Continued)

      Under the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, the Company received an upfront
      cash payment of US$300,000,000 in January 2022 from Novartis and will receive an additional payment of
      US$600,000,000 or US$700,000,000 in the event Novartis exercises its exclusive time-based option prior to
      mid-2023 or between then and late-2023, respectively. Following option exercise, the Company is eligible to
      receive up to US$745,000,000 upon the achievement of regulatory approval milestones, US$1,150,000,000
      upon the achievement of sales milestones, and royalties on future sales of ociperlimab in the Novartis
      Territory. Subject to the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, during the option period,
      Novartis has agreed to initiate and fund additional global clinical trials with ociperlimab and the Company has
      agreed to expand enrollment in two ongoing trials. Following the option exercise, Novartis has agreed to share
      development costs of global trials. Following approval, the Company has agreed to provide 50 percent of the
      co-detailing and co-field medical efforts in the United States, and has an option to co-detail up to 25 percent
      in Canada and Mexico, funded in part by Novartis. Each party retains the worldwide right to commercialize
      its propriety products in combination with ociperlimab, as is the case with tislelizumab under the tislelizumab
      collaboration and license agreement. The existing tislelizumab collaboration and license agreement was not
      modified as a result of the ociperlimab option, collaboration and license agreement.


      The Company evaluated the Novartis agreements under ASC 606 as the units of account within the agreement
      represented transactions with a customer. The Company identified the following material promises under the
      agreement: (1) exclusive option for Novartis to license the rights develop, manufacture, and commercialize
      ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory; (2) Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during
      the option period; (3) initial transfer of BeiGene know-how; and (4) conducting and completing ongoing trials
      of ociperlimab during the option period (R&D Services). The market development activities are considered
      immaterial in the context of the contracts.




332    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
     Agreement (Continued)

     The Company concluded that, at the inception of the agreement, the option for the exclusive product license
     constitutes a material right as it represents a significant and incremental discount to the fair value of the
     exclusive product license that Novartis would not have received without entering into the agreement and
     is therefore considered a distinct performance obligation. The Company determined that Novartis’ right
     to access ociperlimab in its own trials over the option period and the initial transfer of know-how were not
     distinct from each other, as the right to access ociperlimab has limited value without the corresponding know-
     how transfer, and therefore should be combined into one distinct performance obligation. The R&D Services
     represent a material promise and were determined to be a separate performance obligation at the outset of
     the agreement as the promise is distinct and has standalone value to Novartis.


     The Company determined the transaction price as of the outset of the arrangement was the upfront payment
     of US$300,000,000. The option exercise fee is contingent upon Novartis exercising its right and is considered
     fully constrained until the option is exercised. Additionally, the milestone and royalty payments are not
     applicable until after the option is exercised, at which point the likelihood of meeting milestones, regulatory
     approval and meeting certain sales thresholds will be assessed. The transaction price was allocated to the
     three identified performance obligations based on a relative fair value basis. The standalone selling price of
     the material right for the option to the exclusive product license was calculated as the incremental discount
     between (i) the value of the license determined using a discounted cash flow method adjusted for probability
     of the option being exercised and (ii) the expected option exercise fee using the most-likely-amount method
     at option exercise. The standalone selling price of the combined performance obligation for Novartis’ right to
     access ociperlimab for its own clinical trials during the option period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-
     how was determined using a discounted cash flow method. The standalone selling price of the R&D Services
     was determined using an expected cost plus margin approach. Based on the relative standalone selling
     prices of the three performance obligations, US$71,980,000 of the total transaction price was allocated to
     the material right, US$213,450,000 was allocated to Novartis’ right to use ociperlimab in its own clinical trials
     during the option period and the transfer of BeiGene know-how, and US$14,570,000 was allocated to the
     R&D Services.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          333
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement (Continued)

      The Company will satisfy the material right performance obligation at a point in time at the earlier of when
      Novartis exercises the option and the license is delivered or the expiration of the option period. As such,
      the entire amount of the transaction price allocated to the material right was deferred. The portion of the
      transaction price allocated to Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during the option
      period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-how was deferred and is being recognized over the expected
      option period. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the R&D Services was deferred and is being
      recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D Services are performed over the expected option period.
      The Company recognized collaboration revenue of US$104,994,000 and US$3,979,000 related to Novartis
      right to access ociperlimab in clinical trials and the transfer of know how performance obligation during the
      years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and R&D service revenue of US$7,167,000 and
      US$250,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial


      Amgen

      In October 2019, the Company entered into a global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen (“Amgen
      Collaboration Agreement”) for the commercialization and development in China, excluding Hong Kong,
      Taiwan and Macau, of Amgen’s XGEVA®, KYPROLIS®, and BLINCYTO®, and the joint global development
      of a portfolio of oncology assets in Amgen’s pipeline, with BeiGene responsible for development and
      commercialization in China. The agreement became effective on January 2, 2020, following approval by the
      Company’s shareholders and satisfaction of other closing conditions.




334    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     Under the agreement, the Company is responsible for the commercialization of XGEVA, KYPROLIS and
     BLINCYTO in China for five or seven years. Amgen is responsible for manufacturing the products globally
     and will supply the products to the Company at an agreed upon price. The Company and Amgen will share
     equally in the China commercial profits and losses during the commercialization period. Following the
     commercialization period, the Company has the right to retain one product and is entitled to receive royalties
     on sales in China for an additional five years on the products not retained. XGEVA was approved in China in
     2019 for patients with giant cell tumor of the bone and in November 2020 for the prevention of skeletal-related
     events in cancer patients with bone metastases. In July 2020, the Company began commercializing XGEVA in
     China. In December 2020, BLINCYTO was approved in China for injection for the treatment of adult patients
     with relapsed or refractory (R/R) B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). In July 2021, KYPROLIS
     was conditionally approved in China for injection in combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of
     adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma. In April 2022, BLINCYTO was conditionally approved for injection
     for the treatment of pediatric patients with R/R CD19-positive B-cell precursor ALL.


     Amgen and the Company are also jointly developing a portfolio of Amgen oncology pipeline assets under
     the collaboration. The Company is responsible for conducting clinical development activities in China and
     co-funding global development costs by contributing cash and development services up to a total cap of
     US$1,250,000,000. Amgen is responsible for all development, regulatory and commercial activities outside
     of China. For each pipeline asset that is approved in China, the Company will receive commercial rights
     for seven years from approval. The Company has the right to retain approximately one out of every three
     approved pipeline assets, other than LUMAKRAS (sotorasib) (“AMG 510”), Amgen’s KRAS G12C inhibitor,
     for commercialization in China. The Company and Amgen will share equally in the China commercial profits
     and losses during the commercialization period. The Company is entitled to receive royalties from sales in
     China for pipeline assets returned to Amgen for five years after the seven-year commercialization period. The
     Company is also entitled to receive royalties from global sales of each product outside of China (with the
     exception of AMG 510). Amgen advised the Company that its applications to the Human Genetic Resources
     Administration of China (“HGRAC”) to obtain approval to conduct clinical studies in China for the pipeline
     assets, including its application for AMG 510, were delayed between 2020 and 2022. In connection with our
     ongoing assessment of the Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we determined that our further
     investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in
     February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Collaboration Agreement to (i) stop sharing costs with
     Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and ending August
     31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the anticipated termination of AMG
     510 from the Collaboration Agreement.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          335
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      The Amgen Collaboration Agreement is within the scope of ASC 808, as both parties are active participants
      and are exposed to the risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities performed
      under the agreement. The Company is the principal for product sales to customers in China during the
      commercialization period and will recognize 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to
      Amgen for its portion of net product sales will be recorded as cost of sales. Cost reimbursements due to
      or from Amgen under the profit share will be recognized as incurred and recorded to cost of sales; selling,
      general and administrative expense; or research and development expense, based on the underlying nature
      of the related activity subject to reimbursement. Costs incurred for the Company’s portion of the global co-
      development funding are recorded to research and development expense as incurred.


      In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement (Amgen SPA) was
      entered into by the parties on October 31, 2019. On January 2, 2020, the closing date of the transaction,
      Amgen purchased 15,895,001 of the Company’s ADSs for US$174.85 per ADS, representing a 20.5%
      ownership stake in the Company. Per the Amgen SPA, the cash proceeds shall be used as necessary to fund
      the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Amgen
      SPA, Amgen also received the right to designate one member of the Company’s board of directors, and
      Anthony Hooper joined the Company’s board of directors as the Amgen designee in January 2020. Amgen
      relinquished its right to appoint a designated director to the Company’s board of directors in January 2023.


      On April 20, 2022, the parties entered into the First Amendment to Amgen Collaboration Agreement, which
      amends certain terms and conditions relating to the financial responsibilities of the parties in connections with
      the development and commercialization of certain Amgen proprietary products for the treatment of oncology-
      related diseases and conditions.




336    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     In determining the fair value of the common stock at closing, the Company considered the closing price
     of the common stock on the closing date of the transaction and included a lack of marketability discount
     because the shares are subject to certain restrictions. The fair value of the shares on the closing date was
     determined to be US$132.74 per ADS, or US$2,109,902,000 in the aggregate. The Company determined that
     the premium paid by Amgen on the share purchase represents a cost share liability due to the Company’s
     co-development obligations. The fair value of the cost share liability on the closing date was determined
     to be US$601,857,000 based on the Company’s discounted estimated future cash flows related to the
     pipeline assets. The estimation of future cash flows involved management assumptions of revenue growth
     rates and probability of technical and regulatory success of the pipeline assets. The total cash proceeds of
     US$2,779,241,000 were allocated based on the relative fair value method, with US$2,162,407,000 recorded
     to equity and US$616,834,000 recorded as a research and development cost share liability. The cost share
     liability is being amortized proportionately as the Company contributes cash and development services to its
     total co-development funding cap.


     Amounts recorded related to the cash proceeds received from the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
     December 31, 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                                     Year Ended
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                        US$’000


     Fair value of equity issued to Amgen                                                              2,162,407
     Fair value of research and development cost share liability                                         616,834


     Total cash proceeds                                                                               2,779,241




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT         337
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      Amounts recorded related to the Company’s portion of the co-development funding on the pipeline assets for
      the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development expense                                                  98,955          115,464
      Amortization of research and development cost share liability                     96,402          112,486


      Total amount due to Amgen for BeiGene’s portion of
        the development funding                                                        195,357          227,950


                                                                                                           As of
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                       US$’000


      Remaining portion of development funding cap                                                      595,702


      As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the research and development cost share liability recorded in the
      Company’s balance sheet was as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development cost share liability, current portion                   114,335          120,801
      Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion               179,625          269,561


      Total research and development cost share liability                              293,960          390,362




338    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     The net reimbursement due under the commercial profit-sharing agreement for in-line product sales is
     classified in the consolidated statements of operations for the two years ended December 31, 2022 as
     follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


     Cost of sales – product                                                             5,898            1,893
     Selling, general and administrative                                               (54,865)         (45,152)
     Research and development                                                           (1,216)             423


     Total                                                                             (50,183)         (42,836)


     The Company purchases commercial inventory from Amgen to distribute in China. Total inventory purchases
     amounted to US$71,720,000 and US$110,303,000, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022
     and 2021. Net amounts payable to Amgen as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were US$54,064,000 and
     US$106,790,000, respectively.


     As of December 31, 2022, Amgen is a substantial shareholder holding approximately 18.2% of the issued
     share capital of the Company and, therefore, a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
     HK Listing Rules and a related party of the Company.


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development


     The Company has in-licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and, if approved, commercialize multiple
     development stage drug candidates globally or in specific territories. These arrangements typically include
     non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory and
     commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing arrangements, royalty payments, and profit
     sharing.




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT         339
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Upfront and milestone payments made under these arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022
      and 2021 are set forth below. All upfront and development milestones were expensed to research and
      development expense. All regulatory and commercial milestones were capitalized as intangible assets and
      are being amortized over the remainder of the respective product patent or the term of the commercialization
      agreements.


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
      Payments due to                                                                           2022           2021
      collaboration partners                      Classification                             US$’000       US$’000


      Upfront payments                            Research and development expense             68,665        83,500
      Development milestone payments              Research and development expense              5,500        15,000
      Regulatory and commercial
        milestone payments                        Intangible asset                                  –        43,394


      Total                                                                                    74,165      141,894


      Our significant license agreements are described below:


      Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

      In December 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Shandong Luye
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Luye”) to develop (exclusive of indications for which Luye has submitted the drug
      marketing authorization application to the China National Medical Products Administration) and commercialize
      Luye’s proprietary goserelin acetate extended-release microspheres for intramuscular injection known as
      LY01005 in mainland China. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company paid Luye an upfront license
      payment of US$48,665,000, exclusive of VAT, which was recognized as in-process research and development
      expense, and a prepayment of US$30,000,000 to be applied toward future supply purchases in December
      2022. Luye is also eligible to receive future milestone payments upon achievement of certain regulatory
      milestones. Luye is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales. Luye is considered a related party
      due to a significant common shareholder. That shareholder has different representatives serving on each
      companies’ respective board of directors.




340    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)

     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)

     Shoreline Biosciences, Inc.

     In June 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide strategic collaboration with Shoreline
     Biosciences, Inc. (Shoreline) to develop and commercialize a portfolio of natural killer (NK)-based cell
     therapeutics with Shoreline’s induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) NK cell technology and the Company’s
     research and clinical development capabilities for different malignancies. Under the collaboration, the
     Company and Shoreline are working jointly to develop cell therapies for four designated therapeutic targets,
     with an option to expand the collaboration at a future date. Clinical development is being led by the Company
     globally, with Shoreline responsible for clinical manufacturing. The Company has commercial rights globally,
     with Shoreline having an option to retain commercialization rights in the United States and Canada for two
     targets. Under the terms of the agreement, Shoreline received a US$45,000,000 upfront payment in January
     2022 and is eligible to receive additional R&D funding, milestone payments and royalties based upon the
     achievement of certain development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. The upfront payment was
     expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance
     with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.

     Nanjing Leads Biolabs, Inc.

     In December 2021, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Nanjing Leads
     Biolabs, Inc. (Leads Biolabs) for worldwide research, development and manufacturing rights and exclusive
     commercialization rights outside of China to LBL-007, a novel investigational antibody targeting the LAG-3
     pathway. Under the terms of the agreement, Leads Biolabs received an upfront payment of US$30,000,000
     in January 2022 and is eligible to receive up to US$742,000,000 in clinical development, regulatory approval
     and sales milestones. Leads Biolabs is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on future sales in the licensed
     territory. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended
     December 31, 2021 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development
     expense policy.

     EUSA Pharma

     In January 2020, the Company entered into an exclusive development and commercialization agreement with
     EUSA Pharma (EUSA) for the orphan biologic products SYLVANT® (siltuximab) and QARZIBA® (dinutuximab
     beta) in China. Under the terms of the agreement, EUSA granted the Company exclusive rights to SYLVANT
     in greater China and to QARZIBA in mainland China. Under the agreement, the Company is funding and
     undertaking all clinical development and regulatory submissions in the territories, and commercializing both
     products once approved. EUSA received a US$40,000,000 upfront payment upon contract execution and is
     eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up
     to a total of US$120,000,000. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense
     during the year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research
     and development expense policy. In 2021, QARZIBA and SYLVANT were approved and launched in mainland
     China and greater China, respectively. The approvals triggered regulatory milestone payments that were
     capitalized as intangible assets and are being amortized over the remaining term of the license agreement.
     EUSA is receiving tiered royalties on SYLVANT product sales, which the Company records as cost of sales in
     the period the respective sales are generated.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          341
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Assembly Biosciences, Inc.

      In July 2020, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement with Assembly Biosciences, Inc. (Assembly)
      for Assembly’s portfolio of three clinical-stage core inhibitor candidates for the treatment of patients with
      chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in China. Under the terms of the agreement, Assembly granted
      BeiGene exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ABI-H0731, ABI-H2158 and ABI-H3733 in China,
      including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. BeiGene is responsible for development, regulatory submissions,
      and commercialization in China. Assembly retains full worldwide rights outside of the partnered territory for its
      HBV portfolio. Assembly received an upfront payment of US$40,000,000 and is eligible to receive payments
      upon achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of US$503,750,000.
      Assembly is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales. The upfront payment was expensed to
      research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with the
      Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.


      Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd.

      In August 2020, the Company entered into a license, distribution and supply agreement with Bio-Thera
      Solutions, Ltd. (Bio-Thera) for Bio-Thera’s POBEVCY® (BAT1706), a biosimilar to Avastin® (bevacizumab) in
      China. The agreement became effective on September 10, 2020 upon approval of Bio-Thera’s shareholders,
      and was subsequently assigned by the Company to its affiliate BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (BeiGene
      Guangzhou) on September 18, 2020, as permitted by the agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, Bio-
      Thera agreed to grant BeiGene the right to develop, manufacture, and commercialize POBEVCY in China,
      including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Bio-Thera retained rights outside of the partnered territory. Bio-
      Thera received an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 in October 2020 and is eligible to receive payments
      upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of US$145,000,000. The upfront
      payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 in
      accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy. In November
      2021, POBEVCY obtained regulatory approval, and was subsequently launched, in China, triggering a
      milestone payment that was capitalized as an intangible asset that is being amortized over the remaining term
      of the license agreement. Bio-Thera is also receiving tiered royalties on product sales, which the Company
      records as cost of sales in the period the respective sales are generated.




342    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Other

     In addition to the collaborations discussed above, the Company has entered into additional collaborative
     arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company may be required to
     pay additional amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones under
     these agreements. The Company may also incur significant research and development costs if the related
     product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition, if any products related to
     these collaborations are approved for sale, the Company may be required to pay significant milestones
     upon approval and milestones and/or royalties on future sales. The payment of these amounts, however,
     is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty of
     occurrence.


5.   RESTRICTED CASH


     The Company’s restricted cash balance of US$5,473,000 and US$7,209,000 as of December 31, 2022 and
     2021, respectively, primarily consist of RMB-denominated cash deposits held in designated bank accounts
     for collateral for letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current based on
     term of restriction.


     In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
     the proceeds from the STAR offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
     prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved by the board
     of directors.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          343
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.    INVESTMENTS


      Short-Term Investments


      Short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                          Gross             Gross        Fair Value
                                                    Amortized        Unrealized        Unrealized     (Net Carrying
                                                          Cost            Gains            Losses          Amount)
                                                      US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      U.S. treasury securities                         674,262                 –            9,011          665,251


      Total                                            674,262                 –            9,011          665,251


      Short-term investments as of December 31, 2021 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                          Gross             Gross         Fair Value
                                                    Amortized         Unrealized       Unrealized     (Net Carrying
                                                          Cost            Gains            Losses          Amount)
                                                      US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      U.S. treasury securities                       2,245,662                 –            3,700         2,241,962


      Total                                          2,245,662                 –            3,700         2,241,962


      The Company does not consider the investments in U.S. treasury securities to be other-than-temporarily
      impaired at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s available-for-sale debt securities
      consisted entirely of short-term U.S. treasury securities, which were determined to have zero risk of expected
      credit loss. Accordingly, no allowance for credit loss was recorded as of December 31, 2022.




344    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.   INVESTMENTS (Continued)


     Equity Securities with Readily Determinable Fair Values


     Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (Leap)

     In January 2020, the Company purchased US$5,000,000 of Series B mandatorily convertible, non-voting
     preferred stock of Leap in connection with a strategic collaboration and license agreement the Company
     entered into with Leap. The Series B shares were subsequently converted into shares of Leap common stock
     and warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock upon approval of Leap’s shareholders in March
     2020. In September 2021, the Company purchased US$7,250,000 of common stock in Leap’s underwritten
     public offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s ownership interest in the outstanding common
     stock of Leap was 7.4% based on information from Leap. Inclusive of the shares of common stock issuable
     upon the exercise of the currently exercisable warrants, the Company’s interest is approximately 11.7%.
     The Company measures the investment in the common stock and warrants at fair value, with changes in fair
     value recorded to other (expense) income, net. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
     Company recorded unrealized losses of US$30,102,000 and unrealized gains US$9,386,000, respectively, in
     the consolidated statement of operations, respectively.


     As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the common stock and warrants was as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


     Fair value of Leap common stock                                                      3,307            23,809
     Fair value of Leap warrants                                                            706            10,306


     Private Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Values


     The Company invests in equity securities of certain companies whose securities are not publicly traded and
     fair value is not readily determinable and where the Company has concluded it does not have significant
     influence based on its ownership percentage and other factors. These investments are recorded at cost minus
     impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for
     the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The Company held investments of US$57,054,000
     and US$43,722,000 in equity securities without readily determinable fair values as of December 31, 2022
     and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded gains of US$5,065,000 related to observable price changes
     in orderly transactions for similar investments of the same issuer for the year ended December 31, 2022 to
     other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. There were no adjustments to the
     carrying values of these securities for the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.     •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT        345
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.    INVESTMENTS (Continued)


      Equity-Method Investments


      The Company records equity-method investments at cost and subsequently adjusts the basis based on the
      Company’s ownership percentage in the investees’ income and expenses, as well as dividends, if any. The
      Company holds equity-method investments totaling US$27,710,000 and US$22,955,000 as of December 31,
      2022 and 2021, respectively, that it does not consider to be individually significant to its financial statements.
      The Company recorded unrealized losses of US$3,682,000 and US$1,796,000 for the years ended December
      31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of operations.


7.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET


                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                            US$’000            US$’000


      Accounts receivable                                                                    173,379           483,528
      Impairment                                                                                 (211)             (415)


      Total                                                                                  173,168           483,113


      The Company’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit periods generally
      range from 30 to 120 days. The Company seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
      and overdue balances are regularly reviewed. The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit
      enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivable are non-interest-bearing. An aging
      analysis of the accounts receivable, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                            US$’000            US$’000


      Within 6 months                                                                        172,633           483,113
      6 months to 12 months                                                                      535                  –


      Total                                                                                  173,168           483,113




346    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET (Continued)


     Changes in the allowance for credit losses related to trade accounts receivable consist of the following:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


     Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                      415                  112
     Provision charged to selling, general and administrative expenses                       (219)                309
     Amounts written-off, net of recoveries of amounts previously reserved                      1                   –
     Exchange rate changes                                                                     14                  (6)


     Ending balance, as of December 31                                                       211                  415


8.   INVENTORIES


     The Company’s inventory balance consisted of the following:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


     Raw materials                                                                          88,957           78,140
     Work in process                                                                        20,886               9,397
     Finished goods                                                                       172,503           155,089


     Total inventories                                                                    282,346           242,626




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT            347
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.    MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU, CHINA


      Manufacturing legal entity structure


      BeiGene Shanghai, originally established as a wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.
      (BeiGene HK), and currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics, as described below, provides
      clinical development services for BeiGene affiliates and is the clinical trial authorization (CTA) holder and
      marketing authorization application (MAA) holder for tislelizumab in China.


      In March 2017, BeiGene HK, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Guangzhou GET Technology
      Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.) (GET), entered
      into a definitive agreement to establish a commercial scale biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou,
      Guangdong Province, PRC. BeiGene HK and GET entered into an Equity Joint Venture Contract (the “JV
      Agreement”).


      Under the terms of the JV Agreement, BeiGene HK made an initial cash capital contribution of
      RMB200,000,000 and a subsequent contribution of one or more biologics assets in exchange for a 95%
      equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. GET made a cash capital contribution of RMB100,000,000 to BeiGene
      Biologics, representing a 5% equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. In addition, on March 7, 2017, BeiGene
      Biologics entered into a contract with GET, under which GET agreed to provide a RMB900,000,000 loan (the
      “Shareholder Loan”) to BeiGene Biologics. In September 2019, BeiGene Biologics completed the first phase
      of construction of a biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, through a wholly owned subsidiary, the
      BeiGene Guangzhou Factory, to manufacture biologics for the Company and its subsidiaries.


      BeiGene HK and BeiGene Biologics subsequently entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement to transfer 100%
      of the equity interest of BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Biologics, as required by the JV agreement, such that
      the CTA holder and MAA holder for tislelizumab in China was controlled by BeiGene Biologics. Upon the
      transfer of equity in BeiGene Shanghai, BeiGene HK’s equity interest in BeiGene Shanghai became 95%.




348    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.   MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU, CHINA (Continued)


     Manufacturing legal entity structure (Continued)


     In September 2020, BeiGene HK entered into a share purchase agreement (the “JV Share Purchase
     Agreement”) with GET to acquire GET’s 5% equity interest in BeiGene Biologics for a total purchase price of
     US$28,723,000 (RMB195,262,000). The transaction was finalized in November 2020 upon completion of the
     business registration filing. The share purchase was recorded as an equity transaction. The carrying amount
     of the non-controlling interest balance of US$9,116,000 was adjusted to nil to reflect the increase in BeiGene
     HK’s ownership interest to 100%, and the difference in the fair value of the consideration paid and the
     carrying amount of the non-controlling interest of US$19,599,000 was recorded to additional paid in capital.
     In connection with the JV Share Purchase Agreement, BeiGene Biologics repaid the outstanding principal
     of the Shareholder Loan of US$132,061,000 (RMB900,000,000) and accrued interest of US$36,558,000
     (RMB249,140,000).


     In connection with the JV share purchase, the Company entered into a loan agreement with China Minsheng
     Bank for a total loan facility of up to US$200,000,000 (the “Senior Loan”), of which US$120,000,000 was used
     to fund the JV share repurchase and repayment of the shareholder loan and US$80,000,000 could be used for
     general working capital purposes. The Company may extend the original maturity date for up to two additional
     twelve month periods. In October 2020, the Company drew down US$80,000,000 of the working capital
     facility and US$118,320,000 of the acquisition facility to be used for the JV share repurchase. On October
     9, 2021, the Company repaid US$198,320,000 and drew down US$200,000,000 from the Senior Loan. In
     addition, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhuhai Hillhouse Zhaohui Equity Investment
     Partnership (Zhuhai Hillhouse) for a total loan facility of US$73,640,000 (RMB500,000,000) (the “Related
     Party Loan”), of which US$14,728,000 (RMB100,000,000) can be used for general corporate purposes and
     US$58,912,000 (RMB400,000,000) can only be applied towards the repayment of the Senior Loan facility,
     including principal, interest and fees. The Company drew down US$15,693,000 (RMB100,000,000) of the
     Related Party Loan as of December 31, 2021 and repaid the loan in full in November of 2022. See Note 16 for
     further discussion of the loans.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         349
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. LEASES


      The Company has operating leases for office and manufacturing facilities in the United States, Switzerland,
      and China. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to five years, some of which include options to
      extend the leases that have not been included in the calculation of the Company’s lease liabilities and ROU
      assets. The Company has land use rights, which represent land acquired for the biologics manufacturing
      facility in Guangzhou, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and office facility in
      Changping, Beijing, and the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and manufacturing
      facility in Suzhou. The land use rights represent lease prepayments and are expensed over the remaining term
      of the rights, which is 50 years for the Guangzhou land use rights, 36 years for the Changping land use right,
      and 30 years for the Suzhou land use rights. The Company also has certain leases with terms of 12 months or
      less for certain equipment, office and lab space, which are expensed and not recorded on the balance sheet.


      The components of lease expense were as follows:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000


      Operating lease cost                                                                 25,938            22,536
      Variable lease cost                                                                   6,834             4,892
      Short-term lease cost                                                                 1,299             1,823


      Total lease cost                                                                     34,071            29,251


      Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000


      Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                  56,008            60,762
      Land use rights, net                                                                 53,952            56,669


      Total operating lease right-of-use assets                                           109,960          117,431


      Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                       24,041            21,925
      Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                                     34,517            43,041


      Total lease liabilities                                                              58,558            64,966




350     BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. LEASES (Continued)


    Maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                      US$’000


    Year ending December 31, 2023                                                                       26,278
    Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                       21,647
    Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                       11,312
    Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                           2,821
    Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                            966


    Total lease payments                                                                                63,024
    Less imputed interest                                                                               (4,466)


    Present value of lease liabilities                                                                  58,558


    Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized below:


                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                       US$’000        US$’000


    Operating cash flows used in operating leases                                       28,064          19,962
    ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities                 22,278          37,454


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2022              2021


    Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                            3                 3
    Weighted-average discount rate                                                      5.76%           5.15%




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT         351
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET


      Property, plant and equipment, net are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and consisted of the
      following:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                       US$’000          US$’000


      Land                                                                               65,485           65,485
      Laboratory equipment                                                             158,908           118,203
      Leasehold improvements                                                             53,786           50,288
      Building                                                                         222,448           144,083
      Manufacturing equipment                                                          175,679           119,585
      Software, electronics and office equipment                                         47,483           27,404


      Property and equipment, at cost                                                  723,789           525,048
      Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                   (171,470)        (124,286)
      Construction in progress                                                         293,627           186,843


      Property, plant and equipment, net                                               845,946           587,605


      In November 2021, the Company purchased a 42-acre site located in Hopewell, NJ for US$75,197,000.
      The total purchase price was allocated between the land and an existing building on the property based on
      their relative fair values. The Company is constructing a biologics manufacturing facility and research and
      development center on the land.




352    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Continued)


    Construction in progress (CIP) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to the construction of the
    manufacturing and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell, a new building for Innerway and additional capacity at
    the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities. CIP by fixed asset class are summarized as follows:


                                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                                          US$’000                  US$’000


    Building                                                                                               224,392                  90,229
    Manufacturing equipment                                                                                    33,332               63,361
    Laboratory equipment                                                                                       12,256               17,178
    Other                                                                                                      23,647               16,075


    Total                                                                                                  293,627                 186,843


    Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were US$62,302,000 and
    US$44,742,000 respectively.


12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS


    Intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows:


                                                              December 31, 2022                                December 31, 2021
                                                     Gross                                             Gross
                                                   carrying      Accumulated       Intangible      carrying        Accumulated       Intangible
                                                   amount         amortization    assets, net      amount          amortization     assets, net
                                                   US$’000            US$’000       US$’000       US$’000              US$’000        US$’000


    Finite-lived intangible assets:
    Product distribution rights                      7,500              (4,000)        3,500           7,500             (3,250)         4,250
    Developed products                              41,235              (4,119)       37,116        43,394                (965)         42,429
    Trading license                                    816               (816)             –            816               (816)              –


    Total finite-lived intangible assets            49,551              (8,935)       40,616        51,710               (5,031)        46,679




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.           •    2022      ANNUAL REPORT                353
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)


      Product distribution rights consist of distribution rights for the approved cancer therapies licensed from BMS
      as part of the BMS collaboration. The Company is amortizing the product distribution rights, as a single
      identified asset, over the term of the license agreement of 10 years from the date of acquisition. Developed
      products represent the post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization agreements.
      The Company is amortizing the developed products over the remainder of the respective product patent or
      the term of the commercialization agreements. Trading license represents the Guangzhou drug distribution
      license acquired in September 2018. The Company amortized the drug distribution trading license over the
      remainder of the initial license term through February 2020. The trading license has been renewed through
      February 2024.


      Amortization expense for developed products is included in cost of sales – product in the accompanying
      consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for product distribution rights and trading
      licenses is included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
      weighted-average life for each finite-lived intangible assets is approximately 12 years. Amortization expense is
      as follows:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Amortization expense – Cost of sales – product                                          3,225               965
      Amortization expense – Operating expense                                                  751               750


      Total                                                                                   3,976             1,715


      Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years and thereafter, as of December 31,
      2022 is as follows:


                                                                    Cost of Sales        Operating
      Year Ending December 31,                                         – Product         Expenses               Total
                                                                         US$’000           US$’000           US$’000


      2023                                                                  3,170               750             3,920
      2024                                                                  3,170               750             3,920
      2025                                                                  3,170               750             3,920
      2026                                                                  3,170               750             3,920
      2027                                                                  3,170               500             3,670
      2028 and thereafter                                                  21,266                 –            21,266


      Total                                                                37,116             3,500            40,616




354    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES


   The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022          2021
                                                                                     US$’000       US$’000


   PRC                                                                               (583,610)     (606,752)
   U.S.                                                                                67,744        34,923
   Other                                                                            (1,445,171)    (866,759)


   Total                                                                            (1,961,037)   (1,438,588)


   The current and deferred components of the income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations are as
   follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022          2021
                                                                                     US$’000       US$’000


   Current Tax Expense (Benefit):
   PRC                                                                                 27,905        15,252
   U.S.                                                                                 4,844             (9)
   Other                                                                                6,547           805


   Total                                                                               39,296        16,048


   Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit):
   PRC                                                                                  3,480         4,919
   U.S.                                                                                      –           (35)
   Other                                                                                     2        (1,704)


   Total                                                                                3,482         3,180


   Income Tax (Benefit) Expense                                                        42,778        19,228




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT      355
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follow:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2022         2021
                                                                                              US$’000         US$’000


      Loss before tax                                                                       (1,961,037)      (1,438,588)
      China statutory tax rate                                                                       25%          25%
      Expected taxation at China statutory tax rate                                           (490,259)       (359,647)


      Foreign and preferential tax rate differential                                           288,133         185,874
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                   30,598           (2,826)
      Stock compensation expenses                                                               33,872          (27,411)
      Change in valuation allowance                                                            229,550         254,768
      Research tax credits and incentives                                                       (49,116)        (31,530)


      Taxation for the year                                                                     42,778          19,228


      Effective tax rate                                                                            (2.2)%      (1.3)%


      Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2022         2021
                                                                                              US$’000         US$’000


      Deferred tax assets (liabilities):
        Accruals and reserves                                                                   97,896          84,766
        Net operating losses carryforward                                                      862,214         625,114
        Stock-based compensation                                                                19,700          14,982
        Research tax credits                                                                    86,000          82,060
        Depreciable and amortizable assets                                                     798,563         937,069
        Lease liability obligation                                                              10,348          11,571
        R&D and other capitalized costs                                                         63,156                –
        Right of use asset                                                                      (10,098)        (11,322)


      Gross deferred tax assets                                                              1,927,779       1,744,240
        Less valuation allowance                                                            (1,943,775)      (1,758,409)


      Net deferred tax liabilities                                                              (15,996)        (14,169)




356     BEIGENE, LTD.         •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes that
    as of December 31, 2022, it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be realized for our
    subsidiaries in Australia, Switzerland, the United States, and for certain subsidiaries in China. For the years
    ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were increases in the valuation allowance of US$229,550,000 and
    US$254,768,000, respectively. Adjustments may be required in the future if the Company estimates that the
    amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.


    As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net operating losses of approximately
    US$5,077,247,000 and US$3,644,981,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, net operating losses
    were primarily comprised of: US$1,633,101,000 from entities in the PRC which expire in years 2024
    through 2032; US$3,397,529,000 derived from Switzerland which expires in years 2025 through 2029; and,
    US$26,079,000 derived from entities in the United States that have an indefinite carryforward. The Company
    has approximately US$108,861,000 of U.S. research tax credits which will expire between 2036 and 2042, if
    not utilized.


    The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000


    Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                       9,925             7,123
    Additions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                  –                 –
    Reductions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                 –                 –
    Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                         1,630             2,802
    Reductions based on lapse of statute of limitations                                          –                 –


    Ending balance, as of December 31                                                      11,555              9,925




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT          357
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      Current and prior year additions include an assessment of U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives.
      None of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 would impact the consolidated income tax
      rate if ultimately recognized due to valuation allowances. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of
      existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months.


      The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of
      income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company’s accrued interest and
      penalties, where applicable, related to uncertain tax positions were not material.


      The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
      tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2022, Australia tax matters are open to
      examination for the years 2013 through 2022, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2012
      through 2022, Switzerland tax matters are open to examination for the years 2018 through 2022, and U.S.
      federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2015 through 2022. Various U.S. states and other non-
      US tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination for 2012 through 2022.


      The Company qualifies for the Technology Advanced Service Enterprises (TASE) and High and New
      Technology Enterprise (HNTE) status for certain subsidiaries in China, which expire at the end of 2025.
      The income tax benefits attributable to this status for the year ended December 31, 2022 is approximately
      US$3,894,000, or less than US$0.01 per share outstanding.


      As of December 31, 2022, the Company asserts indefinite reinvestment on the excess of the financial
      reporting bases over tax bases in the Company’s investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent reversal
      would incur a significant tax liability. A deferred tax liability has not been established for the approximately
      US$2,379,000 of cumulative undistributed foreign earnings. Determination of the unrecognized deferred tax
      liability is not practicable due to the uncertainty and overall complexity of the hypothetical calculation.




358    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION


   Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                             US$’000            US$’000


   Prepaid research and development costs                                                      71,488             87,239
   Prepaid taxes                                                                               20,478             58,579
   Other receivables                                                                           22,777             12,010
   Interest receivable                                                                           3,039             5,052
   Prepaid insurance                                                                             3,664             1,695
   Prepaid manufacturing cost                                                                  58,950             78,538
   Short-term deposit                                                                            1,510             2,982
   Other current assets                                                                        34,647             24,078


   Total                                                                                      216,553            270,173


   Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                             US$’000            US$’000


   Goodwill                                                                                        109               109
   Prepayment of property and equipment                                                        22,025             14,140
   Prepaid supply cost (1)                                                                     48,642             24,237
   Prepaid VAT                                                                                     804            17,162
   Rental deposits and other                                                                     7,054             6,609
   Long-term investments                                                                       91,779            100,792


   Total                                                                                      170,413            163,049


   (1)     Represents payments for future supply purchases under the license agreement with Luye and facility expansion
           under commercial supply agreements. The payments are providing future benefit to the Company through credits on
           commercial supply purchases.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           359
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


      Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:


                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


      Compensation related                                              184,775         139,966
      External research and development activities related              139,168         213,922
      Commercial activities                                              51,806          71,560
      Individual income tax and other taxes                              18,815          45,661
      Sales rebates and returns related                                  41,817          59,639
      Other                                                              30,971          27,307


      Total accrued expenses and other payables                         467,352         558,055


      Other long-term liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


      Deferred government grant income                                   38,176          46,352
      Pension liability                                                   7,760              7,814
      Other                                                                 159                68


      Total other long-term liabilities                                  46,095          54,234




360    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE


   An aging analysis of the accounts payables as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, based on the
   invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                                                                2022                        2021
                                                                                                                           US$’000                      US$’000


   Within 3 months                                                                                                         290,284                      257,977
   3 to 6 months                                                                                                               2,570                       3,210
   6 months to 1 year                                                                                                          1,379                       1,110
   Over 1 year                                                                                                                    548                         103


   Total                                                                                                                   294,781                      262,400


   The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
   demand.


16. DEBT


   The following table summarizes the Company’s short-term and long-term debt obligations as of December
   31, 2022 and 2021:


                               Agreement                      Line of            Maturity           Interest                   As of December 31,
   Lender                      Date                           Credit     Term    Date                  Rate            2022                         2021
                                                     US$’000/RMB’000                                             US$’000      RMB’000      US$’000         RMB’000


   China Construction Bank     April 4, 2018             RMB580,000      9-year April 4, 2027             (1)      7,250        50,000        1,255           8,000
   China Merchants Bank        January 22, 2020                    (2)   9-year January 20, 2029          (2)      1,450        10,000        1,569          10,000
   China Merchants Bank        November 9, 2020          RMB378,000      9-year November 8, 2029          (3)      5,437        37,500              –             –
   China Minsheng Bank
     (the “Senior Loan”)       September 24, 2020         US$200,000             (4)                  4.3%       150,000      1,034,554     200,000        1,274,535
   Zhuhai Hillhouse
     (the “Related Party Loan”) September 24, 2020       RMB500,000              (5)                  4.5%             –             –       15,693         100,000
   Shanghai Pudong
     Development Bank          February 25, 2022           US$50,000     1-year February 25, 2023     2.2%        50,000       344,851              –             –
   Other short-term debt (6)                                                                                     114,832       792,000      209,048        1,332,197


   Total short-term debt                                                                                         328,969      2,268,905     427,565        2,724,732




                                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.          •       2022       ANNUAL REPORT                     361
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. DEBT (Continued)


                                Agreement                   Line of            Maturity          Interest                  As of December 31,
      Lender                    Date                        Credit     Term    Date                 Rate           2022                         2021
                                                   US$’000/RMB’000                                           US$’000      RMB’000      US$’000         RMB’000


      China Construction Bank   April 4, 2018          RMB580,000      9-year April 4, 2027            (1)    75,395       520,000       89,444         570,000
      China Merchants Bank      January 22, 2020                 (2)   9-year January 20, 2029         (2)    49,369       340,500       53,353         340,000
      China Merchants Bank      November 9, 2020       RMB378,000      9-year November 8, 2029         (3)    47,847       330,000       59,316         378,000
      China CITIC Bank          July 29, 2022          RMB480,000      10-year July 28, 2032           (7)    36,537       252,000              –             –


      Total long-term debt                                                                                   209,148      1,442,500     202,113        1,288,000


      1.       The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
               in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 4.7% as of December 31, 2022. The Company repaid US$1,171,000 (or
               RMB8,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2022. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s
               land use right and certain Guangzhou Factory fixed assets in the first phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s
               build out.


      2.       On January 22, 2020, BeiGene Guangzhou Factory entered into a nine-year bank loan with China Merchants Bank
               to borrow up to RMB1,100,000,000 at a floating interest rate benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of certain
               PRC financial institutions. The loan is secured by Guangzhou Factory’s second land use right and fixed assets that
               will be placed into service upon completion of the second phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s build out.
               In connection with the Company’s short-term loan agreements with China Merchants Bank entered into during the
               year ended December 31, 2020, the borrowing capacity was reduced from RMB1,100,000,000 to RMB350,000,000.
               The loan interest rate was 4.4% as of December 31, 2022. The Company repaid US$1,484,000 (RMB10,000,000)
               during the year ended December 31, 2022. BeiGene Guangzhou Factory is a company incorporated under the laws
               of the PRC on March 3, 2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics.


      3.       The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
               in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 4.0% as of December 31, 2022. The loan is secured by fixed assets that will be
               placed into service upon completion of the third phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s build out.


      4.       In September 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with China Minsheng Bank for a total loan facility
               of up to US$200,000,000, of which US$120,000,000 was designated to fund the JV share purchase and repayment
               of the Shareholder Loan and US$80,000,000 was designated for general working capital purposes. The Senior Loan
               had an original maturity date of October 8, 2021, which was the first anniversary of the first date of utilization of the
               loan. The Company may extend the original maturity date for up to two additional twelve month periods. On October
               8, 2021, the Company extended the maturity date for twelve months to October 8, 2022 and repurposed the Senior
               Loan for general working capital purposes. On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment and
               restatement agreement with China Minsheng Bank to extend the maturity date. On October 10, 2022, the Company
               repaid US$200,000,000 and drew down US$150,000,000 from the Senior Loan.




362        BEIGENE, LTD.           •       2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. DEBT (Continued)

    5.      In September 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhuhai Hillhouse Zhaohui Equity Investment
            Partnership (Zhuhai Hillhouse) for a total loan facility of US$73,640,000 (RMB500,000,000), of which US$14,728,000
            (RMB100,000,000) can be used for general corporate purposes and US$58,912,000 (RMB400,000,000) can only be
            applied towards the repayment of the Senior Loan facility, including principal, interest and fees. The loan originally
            matured at the earlier of: (i) November 9, 2021, which is one month after the Senior Loan maturity date, if not
            extended, or (ii) 10 business days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. On October 8, 2021, the Company extended
            the maturity date of the Related Party Loan to the earlier of: (i) November 9, 2022, which is one month after the Senior
            Loan maturity date, if not extended, or (ii) 10 business days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. On October 10, 2022,
            the Company repaid in full the outstanding borrowing in the amount of US$13,980,000 (RMB100,000,000). Zhuhai
            Hillhouse is a related party of the Company, as it is an affiliate of Hillhouse Capital. Hillhouse Capital is a shareholder
            of the Company, and a Hillhouse Capital employee is a member of the Company’s board of directors.


    6.      During the two years ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into additional short-term working capital
            loans with China Industrial Bank and China Merchants Bank to borrow up to RMB2,435,000,000 in aggregate, with
            maturity dates ranging from January 19, 2021 to September 18, 2023. The Company drew down US$113,774,000
            (RMB792,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company repaid US$200,446,000
            (RMB1,332,197,000) of the short-term loans during the year ended. December 31, 2022. The weighted average
            interest rate for the short-term working capital loans was approximately 2.6% as of December 31, 2022.


    7.      In July 2022, the Company entered into a 10-year bank loan agreement with China CITIC Bank to borrow up to
            RMB480,000,000 at a floating interest rate benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of certain PRC financial
            institutions. The loan interest rate was 4.2% as of December 31, 2022. The loan is secured by BeiGene Suzhou land
            use right. The Company drew down US$37,372,000 (RMB252,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2022.


    Contractual Maturities of Debt Obligations


    The aggregate contractual maturities of all borrowings due subsequent to December 31, 2022 are as follows:


    Maturity dates                                                                                                          Amounts
                                                                                                                            US$’000


    Year ending December 31, 2023                                                                                            328,969
    Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                                             29,412
    Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                                             35,136
    Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                                             44,697
    Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                                             44,697
    Thereafter                                                                                                                55,206


    Total                                                                                                                    538,117




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT              363
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. DEBT (Continued)


      Interest Expense


      Interest on bank loans and the Related Party Loan is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled.
      Interest expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to US$21,699,000
      and US$29,263,000 respectively, among which, US$2,594,000 and US$1,054,000 was capitalized,
      respectively.


17. PRODUCT REVENUE


      The Company’s product revenue is primarily derived from the sale of its internally developed products
      BRUKINSA in the United States and China, and tislelizumab and pamiparib in China; REVLIMID® and VIDAZA®
      in China under a license from BMS; XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China under a license from Amgen;
      and POBEVCY in China under a license from Bio-Thera.


      The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                           US$’000            US$’000


      Product revenue – gross                                                             1,438,440           748,824
      Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                      (183,828)          (114,837)


      Product revenue – net                                                               1,254,612           633,987




364    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17. PRODUCT REVENUE (Continued)


    The following table disaggregates net product revenue by product for the years ended December 31, 2022
    and 2021.


                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                                  US$’000        US$’000


    BRUKINSA®                                                                     564,651         217,987
    Tislelizumab                                                                  422,885         255,119
    REVLIMID      ®
                                                                                    79,049         70,065
    XGEVA®                                                                          63,398         45,956
    POBEVCY       ®
                                                                                    38,124          1,353
    BLINCYTO®                                                                       36,107         12,515
    KYPROLIS®                                                                       13,696                 –
    VIDAZA    ®
                                                                                    15,213         19,591
    Pamiparib                                                                        5,460          3,661
    Other                                                                           16,029          7,740


    Total product revenue – net                                                  1,254,612        633,987


    The following table presents the roll-forward of accrued sales rebates and returns for the years ended
    December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.


                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2022            2021
                                                                                 US$’000        US$’000


    Beginning balance, as of January 1                                            59,639          11,874
    Accrual                                                                      183,828         114,837
    Payment                                                                      (201,650)       (67,072)


    Ending balance, as of December 31                                             41,817          59,639




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT        365
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE


      The Company’s loss before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           Notes               2022             2021
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Cost of inventories sold                                                             286,475           164,906
      Depreciation and amortization expense                                 11               62,302            44,742
      Research and development costs (note)                                              1,640,508         1,459,239
      Operating lease cost                                                  10               25,938            22,536
      Amortization of license rights                                        12                 3,976            1,715
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   7,037            3,821
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
      Wages, salaries and other benefits                                                 1,000,890           720,551
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                    303,162           240,712
      Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                             50,358            38,810


                                                                                         1,354,410         1,000,073


      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                    233,812              5,991
      (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of trade receivables, net          7                  (218)             309
      Bank interest income                                                                  (74,234)          (13,528)
      Loss on disposal of property and equipment                                                 44               106

      Note:


      During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, research and development costs of approximately US$602,585,000
      and US$463,441,000 were also included in employee benefit expense.




366    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. LOSS PER SHARE


   Loss per share was calculated as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


   Numerator:
     Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                              (2,003,815)      (1,457,816)


   Denominator:
     Weighted average shares outstanding for computing
       basic and diluted loss per share                                            1,340,729,572       1,206,210,049


   Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd., basic and diluted (in US$)               (1.49)           (1.21)


   For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-
   class method was not applicable, as the Company was in a net loss position.


   The effects of all share options and restricted share units were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
   per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2022    ANNUAL REPORT         367
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      In January 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the board of directors and shareholders of the Company
      approved the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective in February
      2016. The Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the
      2016 Plan, plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any
      outstanding options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the
      2011 Plan that are cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022,
      ordinary shares cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled
      5,166,653. The 2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added
      on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5)%
      of the outstanding shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding
      fiscal year or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company’s board of directors or the compensation
      committee. On January 1, 2018, 29,603,616 ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision.
      However, in August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company
      approved an amended and restated 2016 Plan to remove this “evergreen” provision and implement other
      changes required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
      Limited (the “HK Listing Rules”). In December 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved a second
      amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 38,553,159
      ordinary shares, as well as amend the cap on annual compensation to independent directors and make
      other changes. In June 2020, the shareholders approved an Amendment No. 1 to the 2016 Plan to increase
      the number of shares authorized for issuance by 57,200,000 ordinary shares and to extend the term of the
      plan through April 13, 2030. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan is subject to
      adjustment in the event of a share split, share dividend or other change in the Company’s capitalization.


      As of December 31, 2022, share-based awards to acquire 75,034,504 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, the Board of Directors and
      shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the “Amendment No. 2”), which
      became effective as of June 22, 2022, to increase the number of authorized shares available for issuance
      under the 2016 Plan by 66,300,000 ordinary shares, or 5%, of the Company’s outstanding shares as of March
      31, 2022.




368    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022       ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    2018 Inducement Equity Plan


    In June 2018, the board of directors of the Company approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018
    Plan”) and reserved 12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who
    were not previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s
    entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the
    NASDAQ Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the board of directors upon recommendation of the
    compensation committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing
    Rules. The terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder,
    are substantially similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018, in
    connection with the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
    “HKEX”), the board of directors of the Company approved an amended and restated 2018 Plan to implement
    changes required by the HK Listing Rules.


    Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Plan was
    terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan but the outstanding equity
    awards under the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with their terms.


    2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


    In June 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
    ESPP). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In
    August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
    amended and restated ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in
    the plan and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders
    of the Company approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized
    for issuance by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees
    to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period,
    which will generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the
    beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll
    during the offering period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their
    eligible earnings, subject to applicable limitations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT         369
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (Continued)


      The following tables summarizes the shares issued under the ESPP:


                                                                Market Price1              Purchase Price2
                                             Number of
                                               Ordinary
                                                 Shares
      Issuance Date                              Issued           ADS      Ordinary          ADS       Ordinary     Proceeds
                                                                  US$           US$           US$           US$      US$’000


      August 31, 2022                           861,315        171.66         13.20        145.91         11.22         9,667
      February 28, 2022                         667,160        210.52         16.19        178.94         13.76         9,183
      August 31, 2021                           425,386        308.30         23.72        262.06         20.16         8,575
      February 26, 2021                         436,124        236.30         18.18        200.86         15.45         6,738
      August 31, 2020                           485,069        164.06         12.62        139.45         10.73         5,203
      February 28, 2020                         425,425        145.54         11.20        123.71           9.52        4,048

      1
            The market price is the lower of the closing price on the NASDAQ Stock Market on the issuance date or the offering
            date, in accordance with the terms of the ESPP.

      2
            The purchase price is the price which was discounted from the applicable market price, in accordance with the terms
            of the ESPP.


      As of December 31, 2022, 3,666,071 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.




370       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Share options


    Generally, share options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three – to five-year period, with
    the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the
    remainder of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units
    generally vest over a four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or
    the service relationship start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter, or
    sometimes vest upon the achievement of pre-specified performance conditions.


    The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                Weighted        Weighted
                                                                Weighted         Average       Aggregate
                                                                 Average           Grant      Remaining        Average
                                                   Number        Exercise       Date Fair     Contractual      Intrinsic
                                                 of Options         Price          Value            Term         Value
                                                                     US$            US$            Years       US$’000


    Outstanding at December 31, 2020             84,991,715          5.27
      Granted                                     6,244,524         26.46          12.40
      Exercised                                 (17,233,853)         4.52                                      367,110
      Forfeited                                  (1,797,498)        13.27


    Outstanding at December 31, 2021             72,204,888          7.08
      Granted                                    12,516,816         12.34           6.40
      Exercised                                  (5,898,217)         4.63                                       52,258
      Forfeited                                  (2,296,634)        16.46


    Outstanding at December 31, 2022             76,526,853          7.85                            5.33   745,340,712


    Exercisable as of December 31, 2022          58,017,219          5.67                             4.2   673,364,735


    Vested and expected to vest at
      December 31, 2022                          73,842,956          7.60                             5.2   734,904,195




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022       ANNUAL REPORT         371
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      Share options (Continued)


      As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 15,825,737 unvested share options
      expected to vest was US$88,859,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
      weighted-average amortization period of 2.4 years.


      The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
      2021 was US$62,548,000 and US$53,571,000, respectively.


      Fair value of options


      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price is used in
      conjunction with historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same
      industry as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern
      as reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


      The following table presents the range of fair values and the assumptions used to estimate those fair values of
      the share options granted in the years presented:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2022                   2021


      Fair value of ordinary share                                          US$5.51 ~ US$9.04        US$9.94 ~ US$14.97
      Risk-free interest rate                                                      1.8% ~ 3.9%             1.1% ~ 1.7%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                              2.8                    2.8
      Expected volatility                                                           51% ~ 60%               51% ~ 59%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                0%                      0%
      Contractual life                                                                  10 years                10 years


      Restricted shares


      The Company had no restricted share activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.


      As of December 31, 2022, all compensation cost related to restricted shares was fully recognized.




372    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

    Restricted shares (Continued)

   Restricted share units

    The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share unit activities under the 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                                     Weighted-
                                                                               Numbers of        Average Grant
                                                                                     Shares      Date Fair Value
                                                                                                           US$


    Outstanding at December 31, 2020                                            34,876,972                12.50
      Granted                                                                   17,173,767                25.58
      Vested                                                                   (10,703,381)               12.23
      Forfeited                                                                  (5,264,376)              15.82


    Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                            36,082,982                18.33
      Granted                                                                   38,707,669                12.46
      Vested                                                                   (12,533,586)               16.37
      Forfeited                                                                  (6,859,892)              16.72


    Outstanding at December 31, 2022                                            55,397,173                14.87


    Expected to vest at December 31, 2022                                       47,392,282                14.87


    As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
    expected to vest was US$580,815,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.9 years.


    Share-based compensation expense

    The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
    December 31, 2022 and 2021:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


    Research and development                                                           139,348          114,357
    Selling, general and administrative                                                163,814          126,355


    Total                                                                              303,162          240,712



                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT         373
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME


      The movement of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income was as follows:


                                                                                Unrealized
                                                                    Foreign Gains/Losses
                                                                   Currency on Available-         Pension
                                                                 Translation       for-Sale        Liability
                                                                Adjustments      Securities    Adjustments         Total
                                                                    US$’000       US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


      December 31, 2020                                              14,184            871           (8,113)      6,942
      Other comprehensive income (loss) before
        reclassifications                                            13,714          (4,504)           309        9,519
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
        comprehensive (loss) income (1)                                    –            (67)         1,556        1,489


      Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income           13,714          (4,571)         1,865       11,008


      December 31, 2021                                              27,898          (3,700)         (6,248)     17,950


      Other comprehensive income (loss) before
        reclassifications                                            (90,421)        (5,311)           (446)     (96,178)
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
        comprehensive (loss) income(1)                                     –              –            811          811


      Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income           (90,421)        (5,311)           365       (95,367)


      December 31, 2022                                              (62,523)        (9,011)         (5,883)     (77,417)


      (1)   The amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were included in other (expense)
            income, net in the consolidated statements of operations.




374     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


   During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company completed the following equity offerings:


   In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an
   aggregate of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of
   US$50,000,000, in a private placement pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 2019, as
   amended on December 6, 2019 and September 24, 2020 by and between Amgen and Company.


   In December 2021, the Company completed an initial public offering of (STAR Offering) on the Science and
   Technology Innovation Board (STAR Market) of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE). The shares offered in
   the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in the People’s Republic of China
   (PRC) in Renminbi (RMB Shares). The public offering price of the RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per ordinary
   share, or US$391.68 per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 ordinary shares. Net proceeds
   after deducting underwriting commission and offering expenses were US$3,392,616,000. As required by the
   PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the
   planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as the Company’s proceeds management policy for
   the STAR Offering approved by the board of directors.


23. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS


   The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
   its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s
   PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
   standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial statements
   prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the
   Company’s PRC subsidiaries.


   In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
   reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
   registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required to
   provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, from the profits determined
   in accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used
   for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries were
   established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-mentioned restrictions
   on distributable profits.




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          375
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (Continued)


      During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made,
      because the PRC subsidiaries had an accumulated deficit as of the end of such periods.


      As a result of these PRC laws and regulations, including the requirement to make annual appropriations
      of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
      the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
      Company.


      Foreign exchange and other regulations in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries from
      transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans, and advances. As of December 31, 2022
      and 2021, amounts restricted were the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which amounted to
      US$3,548,881,000 and US$760,476,000, respectively.


24. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS


      Defined Contribution Plans


      Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
      plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
      benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
      make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
      salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The
      total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$83,860,000, and
      US$63,772,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.


      The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The
      401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation
      on a pretax basis. In addition, the Company has a matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan, which, in the
      2021 plan year, matched dollar for dollar of eligible contributions up to 4%. Company contributions to the
      401(k) plan totaled US$10,298,000, and US$7,483,000 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
      respectively.




376    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)


    Defined Contribution Plans (Continued)


    The Company maintains a government mandated program to cover its employees in Switzerland for
    pension, death, or disability. The program is considered a defined contribution plan. Employer and employee
    contributions are made based on various percentages of salaries and wages that vary based on employee age
    and other factors. Company contributions into the program amounted to US$3,887,000, and US$2,986,000 in
    the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.


    Employee benefit expenses for the remaining subsidiaries were immaterial.


    Defined Benefit Plan


    The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering its employees in Switzerland (the “Swiss
    Plan”). This plan is a government mandated fund that provides benefits to employees upon retirement,
    death, or disability. Contributions are made based on various percentages of participants’ salaries and
    wages determined based on participants’ age and other factors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
    projected benefit obligations under the Swiss Plan were approximately US$45,835,000 and US$34,517,000,
    respectively, and plan assets were approximately US$38,075,000 and US$26,703,000, respectively. The
    funded status of the Swiss Plan is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
    balance sheets. (see Note 14).


    The Company’s annual contribution to the Swiss Plan is estimated to be approximately US$2,553,000 in 2023
    and is expected to evolve thereafter proportionally with changes in staffing and compensation levels, actuarial
    assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.


    The following table reflects the total expected benefit payments to Swiss Plan participants and have been
    estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company’s benefit obligations as of
    December 31, 2022:


                                                                                                         Amounts
    Year(s)                                                                                               US$’000


    2023                                                                                                        68
    2024                                                                                                       545
    2025                                                                                                       442
    2026                                                                                                       260
    2027                                                                                                       755
    2028 – 2032                                                                                              7,185


    Total                                                                                                    9,255




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT          377
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


      Purchase Commitments


      As of December 31, 2022, the Company had purchase commitments amounting to US$117,293,000, of which
      US$55,346,000 related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from contract manufacturing
      organizations and US$61,947,000 related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS and
      Amgen. The Company does not have any minimum purchase requirements for inventory from BMS or Amgen.


      Capital commitments


      The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$404,914,000 for the acquisition of property, plant
      and equipment as of December 31, 2022, which were mainly for the Company’s manufacturing and clinical
      R&D campus in Hopewell, NJ, additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities, and
      a new building for Innerway.


      Co-development funding commitment


      Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company is responsible for co-funding global clinical
      development costs for the Amgen oncology pipeline assets up to a total cap of US$1,250,000,000. The
      Company is funding its portion of the co-development costs by contributing cash and/or development
      services. As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s remaining co-development funding commitment was
      US$595,702,000.


      Research and Development Commitment


      The Company entered into long-term research and development agreements, which include obligations to
      make upfront payments and fixed quarterly payments over the next four years. As of December 31, 2022, the
      total research and development commitment amounted to US$22,327,000.


      Funding Commitment


      The Company had committed capital related to two equity method investments in the amount of
      US$19,000,000. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining capital commitment was US$16,000,000 and is
      expected to be paid from time to time over the investment period.




378    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)


   Other Business Agreements


   The Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with contract research organizations
   (CROs) to provide research and development services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time
   by the Company with prior written notice.


   The Company also enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual
   property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone
   payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration
   agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of
   such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet because
   the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of
   these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in the consolidated
   financial statements.


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION


   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were
   disclosed pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                             US$’000           US$’000


   Fees                                                                                           795                724
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  910                828
       Performance related bonuses                                                              1,120                919
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                     17,760             18,703
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                14                 14


                                                                                              19,804             20,464


                                                                                              20,599             21,188


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 26 (including above table) and Note 27 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022    ANNUAL REPORT           379
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain directors were granted share options and
      restricted share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company,
      further details of which are set out in Note 20. The fair value of such options, which has been recognized in
      the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
      the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above directors’
      and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.


      (a)   Independent non-executive directors


            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2022
            and 2021 were as follows:


            Year ended December 31, 2022


                                                                 Salaries,   Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                          allowances and          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                                  Fees    benefits in kind      bonuses         expense    contributions   remuneration
                                                US$’000          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Thomas Malley                           93                  –              –            391               –            484
            Timothy Chen1                           39                  –              –            210               –            249
            Donald W. Glazer                        74                  –              –            391               –            465
            Michael Goller                          77                  –              –            391               –            468
            Ranjeev Krishana                        79                  –              –            391               –            470
            Qingqing Yi                             85                  –              –            391               –            476
            Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su   2
                                                     6                  –              –            -190              –           -184
            Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders             96                  –              –            391               –            487
            Alessandro Riva  3
                                                    71                  –              –            330               –            401
            Margaret Han Dugan4                     77                  –              –            330               –            407


            Total                                  697                  –              –           3,026              –           3,723


            Notes:


            1.      Mr. Timothy Chen resigned as a director on June 22, 2022.


            2.      Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned as a director on January 31, 2022.


            3.      Alessandro Riva’s service as a director commenced on February 1, 2022. Accordingly, his cash compensation
                    was pro-rated for the year.


            4.      Margaret Han Dugan’s service as a director commenced on February 1, 2022. Accordingly, her cash
                    compensation was pro-rated for the year.




380     BEIGENE, LTD.                •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (a)   Independent non-executive directors (Continued)


          Year ended December 31, 2021


                                                        Salaries,    Performance     Share-based          Pension
                                                  allowances and          related   compensation          scheme            Total
                                           Fees   benefits in kind      bonuses         expense      contributions   remuneration
                                        US$’000         US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


          Thomas Malley                     89                  –              –            345                 –            434
          Timothy Chen                      76                  –              –            345                 –            421
          Donald W. Glazer                  70                  –              –            345                 –            415
          Michael Goller                    73                  –              –            345                 –            418
          Ranjeev Krishana                  76                  –              –            345                 –            421
          Qingqing Yi                       84                  –              –            345                 –            429
          Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                72                  –              –            396                 –            468
          Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders       92                  –              –            339                 –            431


          Total                            632                  –              –           2,805                –          3,437


    (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive


          For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board of Directors comprised one executive
          director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
          Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                   US$’000           US$’000


          Fees                                                                                             –                   –
          Other emoluments:
             Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 910                  828
             Performance related bonuses                                                             1,120                  919
             Share-based compensation expenses                                                      14,343              15,553
             Pension scheme contributions                                                                14                  14


                                                                                                    16,387              17,314




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022       ANNUAL REPORT           381
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive (Continued)


            For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board of Directors comprised two non-executive
            directors, Xiaodong Wang and Anthony C. Hooper. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any compensation
            as a director. The compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the years ended
            December 31, 2022 and 2021 were detailed below and also included in Note 28.


            Year ended December 31, 2022


                                                            Salaries,   Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                     allowances and          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                             Fees    benefits in kind      bonuses        expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                           US$’000          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Xiaodong Wang                     100                  –            150           3,989              –           4,239
            Anthony C. Hooper                  98                  –              –            391               –            489


                                              198                  –            150           4,380              –           4,728


            Year ended December 31, 2021


                                                            Salaries,   Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                     allowances and          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                              Fees   benefits in kind      bonuses         expenses   contributions   remuneration
                                           US$’000          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Xiaodong Wang                     100                  –            150           4,704              –           4,954
            Anthony C. Hooper                  92                  –              –            345               –            437


                                              192                  –            150           5,049              –           5,391




382    BEIGENE, LTD.            •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES


   The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included the following
   number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 26 above.


                                                                                         2022               2021


   Directors and chief executive                                                             2                 2
   Neither directors nor chief executive                                                     3                 3


                                                                                             5                 5


   Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
   nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000


   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             1,991              1,983
   Performance related bonuses                                                           1,433              1,385
   Share-based compensation expenses                                                   18,653              17,646
   Pension scheme contributions                                                             37                32


                                                                                       22,114              21,046


   The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
   the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                       Number of employees
                                                                                         2022               2021


   HK$25,000,001 to HK$30,000,000                                                            1                  –
   HK$35,000,001 to HK$40,000,000                                                            –                 2
   HK$45,000,001 to HK$50,000,000                                                            1                  –
   HK$80,000,001 to HK$85,000,000                                                            –                 1
   HK$100,000,001 to HK$105,000,000                                                          1                  –


                                                                                             3                 3




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT           383
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)


      For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, share options or restricted share units were granted to a
      non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employee in respect of his services to the Group, further
      details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 20. The fair value of such options,
      which have been recognized in the statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the
      date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the
      above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.


28. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Company had the following
      related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:


      Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
      service to the Group, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year ended
      December 31, 2022 consisted of (i) US$100,000 (2021: US$100,000) in consulting fees, (ii) US$150,000
      (2021: US$150,000) as a performance-based cash bonus, (iii) an option to purchase 471,913 ordinary shares
      (2021: 241,839 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value of US$3,000,000 (2021: US$3,000,000) and (iv)
      83,499 ordinary shares (2021: 39,000 ordinary shares), with a grant date fair value of US$1,000,000 (2021:
      US$1,000,000).


      The cash component of the above related party transaction also constitutes a fully-exempt continuing
      connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


29. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION


      The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the
      Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a
      consolidated basis.


      The Company’s long-lived assets are primarily located in the PRC and the U.S.




384    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (Continued)


   Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration
   revenue is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net
   revenues by geographic area are presented as follows:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000


   PRC                                                                                840,032          517,173
   U.S.                                                                               502,626          495,265
   ROW                                                                                 73,263          163,845


   Total                                                                            1,415,921         1,176,283


   PRC revenues for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 consisted entirely of
   product sales. U.S. revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of collaboration revenues of
   US$112,916,000 and BRUKINSA product sales of US$389,710,000, respectively. U.S. revenues for the year
   ended December 31, 2021 consisted of collaboration revenue of US$379,607,000 and BRUKINSA product
   sales of US$115,658,000, respectively. Rest of world revenues for each of the year ended December 31, 2022
   consisted of collaboration revenues of US$48,393,000 and product sales of US$24,870,000, respectively.
   Rest of world revenues for each of the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of collaboration
   revenues.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT         385
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS


      The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
      respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of material differences
      between the financial information of the Company prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:


      Consolidated statement of
      operations data                                                            Year ended December 31, 2022
                                                       Amounts as
                                                     reported under                                                            Amounts
                                                        U.S. GAAP                       IFRS adjustments                     under IFRS
                                                                                             Tax benefit/
                                                                                              deficiency
                                                                        Share-based      on share-based
                                                                       compensation        compensation           Lease
                                                           US$’000         US$’000              US$’000         US$’000        US$’000
                                                                            (note(i))           (note(iii))     (note(iv))


      Research and development                           (1,640,508)        (14,697)                     –           471     (1,654,734)
      Selling, general and administrative                (1,277,852)        (19,296)                     –           366     (1,296,782)
      Interest income (expense), net                        52,480                 –                     –        (3,142)        49,338


      Loss before income tax expense                     (1,961,037)        (33,993)                     –        (2,305)    (1,997,335)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                          (42,778)               –              10,311                –       (32,467)


      Net loss                                           (2,003,815)        (33,993)              10,311          (2,305)    (2,029,802)




386     BEIGENE, LTD.                •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


   Consolidated statement of
   operations data                                                       Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                         Amounts as
                                                       reported under                                               Amounts
                                                          U.S. GAAP             IFRS adjustments                  under IFRS
                                                                                              Tax benefit/
                                                                                             deficiency on
                                                                          Share-based         share-based
                                                                         compensation       compensation
                                                             US$’000         US$’000               US$’000          US$’000
                                                                               (note (i))          (note (iii))


   Research and development                                (1,459,239)          (21,541)                     –    (1,480,780)
   Selling, general and administrative                       (990,123)          (27,189)                     –    (1,017,312)


   Loss before income tax expense                          (1,438,588)          (48,730)                     –    (1,487,318)
   Income tax (expense) benefit                               (19,228)            5,253              (11,775)        (25,750)


   Net loss                                                (1,457,816)          (43,477)             (11,775)     (1,513,068)




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2022     ANNUAL REPORT             387
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


      Consolidated balance sheet data                                                       As at December 31, 2022
                                                       Amounts as
                                                     reported under                                                                  Amounts
                                                        U.S. GAAP                              IFRS adjustments                    under IFRS
                                                                        Share based                   Preferred
                                                                       compensation                      Shares         Lease
                                                           US$’000           US$’000                   US$’000        US$’000        US$’000
                                                                        (note (i), (iii))              (note (ii))    (note(iv))


      Operating lease right-of-use assets                  109,960                     –                        –       (2,305)       107,655


      Total assets                                       6,379,290                     –                        –       (2,305)     6,376,985


      Additional paid-in capital                        11,540,979             33,993                           –             –    12,056,915
                                                                            174,049*                   307,894*               –
      Accumulated deficit                                (7,080,342)          (33,993)                          –       (2,305)    (7,598,583)
                                                                               10,311                           –             –
                                                                             (184,360)*                (307,894)*             –


      Total equity                                       4,383,355                     –                        –       (2,305)     4,381,050




388     BEIGENE, LTD.              •        2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


   Consolidated balance sheet data                                                As at December 31, 2021
                                               Amounts as
                                             reported under                                                                       Amounts
                                                U.S. GAAP                            IFRS adjustments                           under IFRS
                                                                                                              Tax benefit/
                                                                                                             deficiency on
                                                                 Share based                Preferred         share based
                                                                compensation                   Shares       compensation
                                                   US$’000          US$’000                  US$’000             US$’000          US$’000
                                                                     (note (i))              (note (ii))         (note (iii))


   Deferred tax assets                                    –             5,253                         –           110,424          125,744
                                                                     10,067*                          –                    –


   Total assets                                  8,535,525            15,320                          –           110,424        8,661,269


   Additional paid-in capital                   11,191,007            48,730                          –             56,237      11,809,005
                                                                    125,319*                 307,894*              79,818*


   Accumulated deficit                           (5,076,527)         (48,730)                         –            (11,775)     (5,568,781)
                                                                        5,253                (307,894)*            (13,856)*
                                                                    (115,252)*                        –                    –


   Total equity                                  6,132,563            15,320                          –           110,424        6,258,307


   *       IFRS adjustments brought forward from prior years.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.              •      2022      ANNUAL REPORT           389
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes:


      (i)     Share based compensation


              Under U.S. GAAP, the Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
              all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
              compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date value of the options that
              are vested at that date.


              Under IFRS, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
              granted with graded vesting.


              A difference of US$33,993,000 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
              development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS for
              the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: US$48,730,000). The related income tax impact of this item was nil for the
              year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: US$5,253,000).


      (ii)    Preferred Shares


              Prior to the Company’s U.S. IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares
              at the time of the U.S. IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as
              mezzanine equity as these convertible preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event
              (i.e., Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence
              of the conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred
              shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options are clearly and closely related to
              the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options are not
              publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible
              preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
              favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently and is
              not probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction
              is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is
              probable that they will become redeemable.


              Under IFRS, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
              conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
              being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
              Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
              occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRS, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
              as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
              recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
              Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016
              was recognized in the statement of operations under IFRS and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes
              was recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the
              ordinary shares. The effect of such IFRS adjustments on accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital was
              US$307,894,000 which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.




390         BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2022    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)


   (iii)   Tax benefit/deficiency on share-based compensation


           Under IFRS, the excess tax benefit resulting from the pre-tax deductible amount arising from U.S. employee share-
           based payments over the cumulative share-based payment-related expenses recognized for accounting purposes
           should be recorded in shareholders’ equity rather than in current income tax expenses/benefits under U.S. GAAP.


           During the current period, the Company reassessed and revised the deferred income tax assets recognized in
           prior periods. For U.S. GAAP purposes, it was deemed that the impact of the revision in the current period was
           quantitatively significant to the statements of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, but
           immaterial to any prior year period, as such, the Company revised the prior period information related to the
           Company’s net deferred tax asset in the current period financial statements under U.S GAAP. Based on the premise
           of reducing the differences in financial statements under IFRS and U.S. GAAP, the Company has simultaneously
           evaluated the financial statements prepared for IFRS purposes. Under IFRS, due to the different accounting
           treatment of the above excess tax benefits on share-based compensation, the adjustments on deferred tax assets is
           immaterial to the financial statements of both prior periods and the current period. Therefore, the Company does not
           need to correct the prior period financial statements, but only revise the current financial statements, resulting in the
           reconciling item related to the tax benefit/deficiency on share-based compensation amounted to US$110,424,000 at
           the end of the prior period.


           As the Company revised certain prior period financial statements related to the net deferred tax assets under U.S.
           GAAP, a difference of US$10,311,000 arose between the amount of income tax expense recognized under U.S.
           GAAP and IFRS for the year ended December 31, 2022.


   (iv)    Lease


           The Company adopted the new lease standard effective January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method
           and did not restate historical comparative periods under U.S. GAAP. As a lessee, the Company recognized a lease
           liability based on the present value of the total remaining lease payments, and a corresponding right of use asset
           under U.S. GAAP. The Company subsequently recognize an operating lease expense on straight line basis over the
           lease term.


           IFRS 16, Lease requires entities to present interest expense on the lease liability and depreciation on the right of use
           assets separately in the statement of operations. This will change the allocation of expenses and the total amount of
           expenses recognized for each period of the lease term. The combination of a straight-line depreciation of the right-of-
           use asset and the effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability will result in a higher total charge to profit
           or loss in the initial years of the lease terms, and a decreasing expense during the latter years of the lease terms.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.          •     2022     ANNUAL REPORT              391
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes: (Continued)


      (v)   Investment


            Under U.S. GAAP, the Company elected to measure an equity security without a readily determinable fair value that
            does not qualify for the practical expedient to estimate fair value at its cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus
            changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of
            the same issuer.


            Under IFRS 9, investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) (with an
            irrevocable option to measure those instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) with no
            subsequent reclassification to profit or loss).


            Based on the Company’s assessment, the differences on investment recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS did not
            have material impact on the financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31,
            2022.




392     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                  US$’000        US$’000


   Assets
   Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,742,320      3,715,170
     Short-term restricted cash                                                        51                14
     Short-term investments                                                       548,303       2,044,198
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                    804,471        920,819


   Total current assets                                                          3,095,145      6,680,201


   Non-current assets:
     Long-term equity investments                                                 914,653         67,434
     Property and equipment, net                                                    7,510          6,563
     Intangible assets, net                                                         6,328          7,031
     Other non-current assets                                                    1,621,824       543,502


   Total non-current assets                                                      2,550,315       624,530


   Total assets                                                                  5,645,460      7,304,731


   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
   Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                                             446,362        292,988
     Accrued expenses and other payables                                           57,316        123,341
     Research and development cost share liability, current portion               114,335        120,801
     Short-term debt                                                              297,868        247,076


   Total current liabilities                                                      915,881        784,206




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT       393
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                US$’000        US$’000


      Non-current liabilities:
        Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion      179,625         269,561
        Other long-term liabilities                                             166,599         118,401


      Total non-current liabilities                                             346,224         387,962


      Total liabilities                                                        1,262,105      1,172,168


      Commitments and contingencies
      Equity:
        Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share; 9,500,000,000
           shares authorized; 1,356,140,180 and 1,334,804,281 shares issued
           and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively           135              133
        Additional paid-in capital                                            11,540,979     11,191,007
        Accumulated other comprehensive income                                   (77,417)        17,950
        Accumulated deficit                                                   (7,080,342)     (5,076,527)


      Total equity                                                             4,383,355      6,132,563


      Total liabilities and equity                                             5,645,460      7,304,731




394     BEIGENE, LTD.        •       2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


    A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                       Additional
                                                               Ordinary Shares            Paid-In    Accumulated    Accumulated
                                                              Shares         Amount       Capital           OCI          Deficit         Total
                                                                             US$’000     US$’000         US$’000        US$’000      US$’000


    Balance at December 31, 2020                        1,190,821,941            118    7,414,932          6,942      (3,618,711)   3,803,281


    Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
      with STAR Offering                                 115,055,260              12    3,392,604              –               –    3,392,616
    Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares,
      net of cost                                          2,151,877               –      50,000               –               –       50,000
    Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         28,778,893              3       92,759               –               –       92,762
    Use of shares reserved for share
      option exercises and RSU releases                    (2,003,690)             –            –              –               –             –
    Share-based compensation                                        –              –     240,712               –               –      240,712
    Other comprehensive income                                      –              –            –         11,008               –       11,008
    Net loss                                                        –              –            –              –      (1,457,816)   (1,457,816)


    Balance at December 31, 2021                        1,334,804,281            133   11,191,007         17,950      (5,076,527)   6,132,563


    Cost from issuance of ordinary shares                           –              –         (152)             –               –          (152)
    Use of shares reserved for share option exercises      1,375,621               –            –              –               –             –
    Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         19,960,278               2      46,962               –               –       46,964
    Share-based compensation                                        –              –     303,162               –               –      303,162
    Other comprehensive income                                      –              –            –        (95,367)              –       (95,367)
    Net loss                                                        –              –            –              –      (2,003,815)   (2,003,815)


    Balance at December 31, 2022                        1,356,140,180            135   11,540,979        (77,417)     (7,080,342)   4,383,355


    The above statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
    and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the HK Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
    Ordinance.




                                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2022     ANNUAL REPORT             395
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


32. DIVIDENDS


      The board of directors of the Company did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the year
      ended December 31, 2022 (year ended December 31, 2021: nil).


33. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 29, 2023.




396    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION


The Company’s unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on a basis consistent with the audited financial
statements and includes all adjustments that the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of the
information shown. The operating results for any fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the operating results
for a full fiscal year or for any future period and there can be no assurances that any trend reflected in such results
will continue in the future.


As discussed in Note 2, the Company revised certain prior period financial statements to correct an error related
to the valuation of net deferred tax assets, the impact of which was immaterial to its previously filed financial
statements in the annual periods of fiscal 2021. The following table summarizes the unaudited statements of
operations for each quarter of 2022 and 2021 (in thousands except share and per share amounts).


                                                                             Quarter Ended
2022                                                March 31,           June 30,     September 30,      December 31,
                                                      US$’000           US$’000             US$’000         US$’000


Total revenues                                        306,626           341,572             387,628          380,095
Loss from operations                                  (443,287)         (439,399)           (438,357)       (468,622)
Net loss                                              (435,198)         (565,726)           (557,556)       (445,335)
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                (435,198)         (565,726)           (557,556)       (445,335)
Net loss per share attributable to
  BeiGene, Ltd., basic and diluted
  (in US$)                                                (0.33)            (0.42)             (0.41)           (0.33)


                                                                           Quarter Ended
2021                                                March 31,           June 30,     September 30,      December 31,
                                                      US$’000           US$’000             US$’000         US$’000


Total revenues                                        605,872           149,992             206,440          213,979
Income (loss) from operations                           70,167          (474,838)           (462,325)       (571,739)
Net income (loss)                                       55,580          (484,604)           (438,114)       (590,678)
Net income (loss) attributable to
  BeiGene, Ltd.                                         55,580          (484,604)           (438,114)       (590,678)
Net income (loss) per share
  attributable to BeiGene, Ltd., basic
  (in US$)                                                0.05              (0.41)             (0.36)           (0.48)
Net income (loss) per share
  attributable to BeiGene, Ltd., diluted
  (in US$)                                                0.04              (0.41)             (0.36)           (0.48)




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT         397
DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                          the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and
                                     most recently amended on April 17, 2015


“2016 Plan”                          the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                     adopted by the Company on January 14, 2016, as amended from time to
                                     time, the principal terms of which were set out in the Company’s Proxy
                                     Statement/Circular dated April 29, 2022


“2018 ESPP”                          the Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                                     most recently amended on June 16, 2021 (effective as of September 1,
                                     2021)


“2018 Inducement Plan” or            the Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan adopted by
      “2018 Plan”                    the Company on June 6, 2018 and most recently amended on August 7,
                                     2018, which was termined on June 22, 2022


“ADS(s)”                             American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                                     Company)


“affiliate(s)”                       with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or
                                     indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
                                     control with such specified person


“Amgen”                              Amgen Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, US, on
                                     April 7, 1987


“Amgen Collaboration                 a Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019, by and between
  Agreement”                         BeiGene Switzerland and Amgen, which became effective on January 2,
                                     2020


“Articles”                           the sixth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                     adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on June 16,
                                     2021 with effect from the listing of RMB shares of the Company on the
                                     STAR market of Shanghai Stock Exchange on December 15, 2021, as
                                     amended from time to time


“associate(s)”                       has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules




398      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    DEFINITIONS


“BeiGene”, “Company”,         BeiGene, Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “our Company” or            under the laws of the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010
  “the Company”


“BeiGene Biologics”           BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州生物藥業有限公司), a company
                              incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and an
                              indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Company


“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”   BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. *(廣州百濟神州生
                              物製藥有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on
                              March 3, 2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics


“BeiGene Switzerland”         BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of
                              Switzerland on September 1, 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                              Company


“BLA”                         biologics license application


“Board”                       the Board of Directors of the Company


“China” or “PRC”              the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires
                              and only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau
                              Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be
                              construed accordingly


“CMO”                         contract manufacturing organization


“Companies Ordinance”         the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Corporate Governance Code”   the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set
                              out in Appendix 14 of the HK Listing Rules


“CROs”                        contract research organizations


“Director(s)”                 the director(s) of our Company


“EMA”                         European Medicines Agency




                                              BEIGENE, LTD.     •     2022   ANNUAL REPORT       399
DEFINITIONS


“EU”                                     the European Union


“EUSA”                                   EUSA Pharma


“FDA”                                    U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“GDPR”                                   General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679


“GET”                                    Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou
                                         High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.), a limited liability
                                         company established under the laws of the PRC on November 27, 1998
                                         and an Independent Third Party


“Group”, “our Group”,                    the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “the Group”, “we”,
  “us”, or “our”


“HKEx”                                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HK Listing Rules”                       the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                         Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                         from time to time


“Hong Kong” or “HK”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or                   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollar” or “HK$”


“IFRS”                                   International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time
                                         by the International Accounting Standards Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”           any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company
                                         within the meaning ascribed thereto under the HK Listing Rules


“IPO”                                    initial public offering


“Listing”                                the listing of our Shares on the Main Board


“Main Board”                             the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the HKEx
                                         which is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth
                                         Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange




400      BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                        DEFINITIONS


“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                set out in Appendix 10 of the HK Listing Rules


“NASDAQ”                        Nasdaq Stock Market


“NASDAQ Listing Rules”          the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market


“NDA”                           new drug application


“NMPA”                          National Medical Products Administration, successor to the China Food
                                and Drug Administration


“Novartis”                      Novartis Pharma AG


“NRDL”                          the National Reimbursement Drug List


“Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018


“Reporting Period”              the year ended December 31, 2022


“RMB” or “Renminbi”             Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“RMB Shares”                    the Shares subscribed for in RMB by target subscriber(s) in the PRC,
                                which are listed on the STAR Market and traded in RMB


“SAFE”                          State Administration of Foreign Exchange


“sBLA”                          supplemental biologics license application


“SEC”                           Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFO”                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                time


“Shareholder(s)”                holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company


“Share Purchase Agreement” or   a share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by
  “Amgen SPA”                   and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen




                                                BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2022      ANNUAL REPORT      401
DEFINITIONS


“sNDA”                                   supplementary new drug application


“SSE”                                    Shanghai Stock Exchange


“STAR Market”                            the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock
                                         Exchange


“STAR Offering”                          issue of RMB Shares and listing on the STAR Market of the SSE


“subsidiary(ies)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                         Ordinance


“substantial shareholder”                has the meaning ascribed to it in the HK Listing Rules


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”          the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                         subject to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”or           United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
  “US$”


“U.S. GAAP”                              United States generally accepted accounting principles




402     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2022   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“BRAF”                means   a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal
                              cell signals that direct cell growth


“BTK”                 means   Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                              pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival
                              in various lymphomas


“cHL”                 means   classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma


CLL                   means   chronic lymphocytic leukemia


“complete response”   means   the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment


“FcγR”                means   Fc-gamma receptor


“immunoglobulin”      means   glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                              are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                              response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens,
                              such as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction


“Kinase”              means   a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from
                              high-energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The
                              protein kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act
                              on proteins, phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or
                              histidine residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme
                              regulation as well as signaling in the cell


“MCL”                 means   mantle cell lymphoma


“NSCLC”               means   non-small cell lung cancer


“PARP”                means   poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous
                              cellular processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional
                              regulation, which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to
                              DNA damage


“PD-1”                means   programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor
                              expressed on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and
                              PD-L2. PD-1 is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in
                              down-regulating the immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells




                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT         403
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“pivotal trials”        means       a potentially registration-enabling trial or program that is intended to
                                    provide clinical data to support a regulatory approval for marketing the
                                    drug candidate


“RAF dimer”             means       a protein complex formed by two copies of RAF proteins. This could be a
                                    BRAF-BRAF complex, a BRAF-CRAF complex, or a CRAF-CRAF complex


“R/R”                   means       relapsed or refractory


“SLL”                   means       small lymphocytic lymphoma


“T-Cell”                means       a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and
                                    that differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of
                                    the T-cell receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible
                                    for recognizing antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex
                                    molecules


“TIM-3”                 means       T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3, a Th1-specific
                                    cell surface protein that functions as an immune checkpoint, regulating
                                    macrophage activation and enhancing the severity of experimental
                                    autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice


“UC”                    means       urothelial carcinoma


“WM”                    means       waldenstrom macroglobulinemia




404     BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2022   ANNUAL REPORT
