2021
ANNUAL
REPORT
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                      2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                 4


BUSINESS                                                                    8


RISK FACTORS                                                               53


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                         152


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        153


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                           188


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                   196


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                               243


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                              271


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                         277


DEFINITIONS                                                               382


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                               387




                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE


Executive Director                                                    Mr. Qingqing Yi (Chairman)
                                                                      Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. John V. Oyler                                                     Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                      NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
Non-Executive Directors                                                 GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
                                                                      Mr. Donald W. Glazer (Chairman)
Dr. Xiaodong Wang
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
                                                                      Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Note 2)
Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                                      Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)

Mr. Timothy Chen
                                                                      SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 1)
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
                                                                      Dr. Xiaodong Wang (Co-Chair)
Mr. Michael Goller
                                                                      Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders (Co-Chair) (Note 2)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                      Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 1)
Mr. Thomas Malley
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)
                                                                      Mr. Thomas Malley
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                                      Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)
Mr. Qingqing Yi
                                                                      Mr. Qingqing Yi

AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                      COMMERCIAL AND MEDICAL
                                                                        AFFAIRS ADVISORY COMMITTEE (Note 3)
Mr. Thomas Malley (Chairman)
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders                                       Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chairman)
                                                                      Mr. Timothy Chen
                                                                      Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 4)
                                                                      Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                      Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders (Note 2)




Notes:

*       On January 31, 2022, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned from the Board due to personal reasons to devote more time to
        other commitments. The decision by Mr. Su to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations,
        policies, or practices of the Company. There is no other material matter in respect of Mr. Su’s resignation that needs to be
        brought to the attention of shareholders of the Company. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Su also
        resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
        Committee of the Board.

1.      The relevant appointment with effect from February 1, 2022;

2.      The relevant appointment with effect from February 24, 2021;




2         BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION


COMPANY SECRETARY                                                   LEGAL ADVISORS


Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCG, FCS) of                                    As to Hong Kong law and United States law
Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited                              Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom


AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                          As to PRC law
                                                                    Fangda Partners
Mr. Scott A. Samuels
Ms. Julia Wang (Note 5)                                             As to Cayman Islands law
                                                                    Mourant Ozannes
AUDITORS
                                                                    HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young                                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                                    Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
As to United States financial reporting audit                       Hopewell Centre
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP                                          183 Queen’s Road East
                                                                    Wanchai, Hong Kong
As to PRC financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP                                          PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                                    TRANSFER OFFICE
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                    Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
The offices of Mourant Governance Services                          94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay
     (Cayman) Limited                                               Grand Cayman KY1-1108
94 Solaris Avenue                                                   Cayman Islands
Camana Bay
Grand Cayman KY1-1108                                               STOCK CODE
Cayman Islands
                                                                    06160


                                                                    COMPANY WEBSITE


                                                                    www.beigene.com




3.      The Commercial Advisory Committee of the Board has been renamed the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
        Committee with the effect from February 24, 2021;


4.      The relevant appointment with effect from February 25, 2022;


5.      The relevant appointment with effect from June 30, 2021.


                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT          3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including statements regarding
our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans,
objectives of management and expected growth, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements.


Forward looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, “aim,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,”
“predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” or the negative of these terms or similar expressions
or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain
those identifying words. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about:


•    our ability to successfully commercialize our approved medicines and to obtain approvals in additional
     indications and territories for our medicines;


•    our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our in-licensed medicines and drug candidates and any
     other medicines and drug candidates we may in-license;


•    our ability to further develop sales and marketing capabilities and launch and commercialize new medicines, if
     approved;


•    our ability to maintain and expand regulatory approvals for our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the pricing and reimbursement of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and our research and
     development programs;


•    our ability to advance our drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and obtain regulatory
     approvals;


•    our reliance on the success of our clinical stage drug candidates;


•    our plans, expected milestones and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals;




4      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, medicines, drug candidates and
    technology;


•   the scope of protection we (or our licensors) are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights
    covering our medicines, drug candidates and technology;


•   our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
    property rights and proprietary technology of third parties;


•   costs associated with enforcing or defending against intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or
    violation, product liability and other claims;


•   the regulatory environment and regulatory developments in the United States, China, the United Kingdom,
    Switzerland, the European Union and other jurisdictions in which we operate;


•   the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, capital requirements and our need for additional
    financing;


•   the potential benefits of strategic collaboration and licensing agreements and our ability to enter into strategic
    arrangements;


•   our ability to maintain and establish collaborations or licensing agreements;


•   our plans and expectations to build significant technical operations and independent production capabilities
    for small molecule medicines and large molecule biologics to support the global demand for both commercial
    and clinical supply;


•   our reliance on third parties to conduct drug development, manufacturing and other services;


•   our ability to manufacture and supply, or have manufactured and supplied, drug candidates for clinical
    development and medicines for commercial sale;


•   the rate and degree of market access and acceptance and the pricing and reimbursement of our medicines
    and drug candidates, if approved;


•   developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies;




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT            5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•    the size of the potential markets for our medicines and drug candidates and our ability to serve those markets;


•    our ability to effectively manage our growth;


•    our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;


•    statements regarding future revenue, hiring plans, key milestones, expenses, capital expenditures, capital
     requirements and share performance;


•    the future trading price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) listed on NASDAQ, our ordinary shares
     listed on HKEX, and our ordinary shares issued to permitted investors in China and listed and traded on the
     STAR in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”), as well as the impact of securities analysts’ reports on these prices;


•    the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our clinical development, regulatory, commercial, manufacturing,
     and other operations; and


•    other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this annual
     report.


These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and
expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We have included important factors in the cautionary
statements included in this annual report, particularly in “Risk Factors,” that could cause actual future results or
events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do
not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we
may make.




6      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any
forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required
by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HK Listing
Rules”), we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
Statements of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of the date of this annual
report. Any such intentions may change in light of future developments.


This annual report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe
these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to this information. All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by
reference to this cautionary statement.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT             7
BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeiGene,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and
“our” refer to BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.


OVERVIEW


We are a global, commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing, manufacturing,
and commercializing innovative medicines to improve treatment outcomes and expand access for patients
worldwide.


We currently have three approved medicines that were discovered and developed in our own labs, including
BRUKINSA®, a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) for the treatment of various blood
cancers; tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various solid tumor and blood
cancers; and pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2. We have obtained approvals to
market BRUKINSA® in the United States, the People’s Republic of China (“China or the PRC”), the European Union
(“EU”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), Canada, Australia and additional international markets, and tislelizumab and
pamiparib in China. By leveraging our China commercial capabilities, we have in-licensed the rights to distribute
13 approved medicines for the China market. Supported by our global clinical development and commercial
capabilities, we have entered into collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such as Amgen
and Novartis Pharma AG (“Novartis”) to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


We are committed to advancing best and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-minded partners
to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Our internal clinical development
capabilities are deep, including a more than 2,200-person global clinical development team that is running more
than 90 ongoing or planned clinical trials in over 30 medicines and drug candidates. This includes more than 30
pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials across our portfolio, including our three internally discovered,
approved medicines. We have enrolled in our clinical trials more than 14,500 subjects, of which approximately one-
half have been outside of China.


We have built, and are expanding, our internal manufacturing capabilities through our state-of-the-art biologic and
small molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand of our medicines,
and plan to build a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey. We also work
with high quality contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to manufacture our internally developed clinical
and commercial products.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization of over 8,000 employees in 23
countries and regions, including the United States, China, Europe, and Australia.




8      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


OUR STRATEGY


We were founded to fight cancer with a belief that millions of people around the world still have limited or no access
to high-quality, innovative, and affordable medicines. We also believe that the industry is in a time of fundamental
change driven by regulatory policy updates, scientific progress, and globalization. To seize this opportunity, we
have built key competitive advantages in research, clinical development, commercialization, and manufacturing that
are designed to drive our business into the future. We intend to continue to expand our competitive advantages and
become a global leader by focusing on the following key strategic imperatives:


1.   Research and innovation focus. We have built significant oncology research capabilities with a team of
     more than 700 scientists with a proven track record of discovering innovative medicines. Our approach is to
     leverage our deep internal capabilities and technology platforms to develop medicines that are expected to be
     highly impactful and have a clear differentiation hypothesis. The strength of our research has been validated
     by our global clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, and collaborations. From our internal discovery engine,
     we have successfully developed three approved medicines: BRUKINSA®, tislelizumab, and pamiparib. We are
     also developing ociperlimab (TIGIT antibody), which is in pivotal stage trials and was recently entered into an
     option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis for North America, Europe and Japan; BGB-11417
     (BCL2 inhibitor), which is expected to start pivotal trials in 2022; multiple early-stage clinical assets, including
     OX40, TIM3, and PI3K delta, HPK-1, that are expected to have initial clinical data readouts in 2022 and 2023;
     and have over 50 additional pre-clinical programs, approximately one-half of which may potentially be first-in-
     class or best-in-class. Going forward, we plan to continue to invest in research and innovation with the aim of
     discovering additional first-in-class or best-in-class innovative medicines for patients.


2.   World-class clinical development. We believe that global clinical development capabilities are essential to
     succeed in the current and future environment. We have built an internal clinical development and medical
     affairs team of over 2,200 people worldwide that develops our product candidates largely without the
     assistance of third-party contract research organizations (“CROs”). We believe this approach has several
     benefits: first, we can be more inclusive in the location and number of clinical sites to help improve enrollment
     speed and the diversity of patients in our trials; second, we have control over our own technology systems
     and can focus on improved operational excellence; and third, we believe there are cost advantages through
     large scale and China-inclusive multi-regional clinical trials that have a broad patient population. We aim to
     improve the speed and cost-efficiency of clinical development while maintaining the highest global quality
     standards. We believe that our demonstrated ability to successfully complete large-scale, multi-regional
     clinical trials is one of our most important strategic competitive advantages and addresses a large challenge in
     the pharmaceutical industry – clinical development, which accounts for the majority of time and cost required
     to bring most oncology medicines to patients.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT              9
BUSINESS


3.   China commercial leadership. We have built a strong, science-based commercial team in China, with over
     3,100 colleagues spread across the country for broad and deep coverage and organized under experienced
     executive leadership. We have built a commercial portfolio of oncology medicines through our internal
     discovery and in-licensing efforts, striving to be a partner of choice and creating mutual benefits with our
     partners wherever possible. We believe that our commercial capabilities in China, coupled with our China-
     inclusive clinical development capabilities conducted at global-quality standards, enable us to attract
     favorable in-licensing opportunities. We plan to further leverage our China commercial organization and create
     advantages in scale, speed, and quality to continue to establish ourselves as a commercial leader in China.


4.   Global leadership, access, and reputation. In the United States, we market BRUKINSA® and have a targeted
     commercial team focused on medical thought leaders in blood cancer treatments. This competitive foothold
     is based on the differentiated clinical profile of BRUKINSA®. BRUKINSA® sales have continued to grow in
     the U.S. as we expand our label in multiple new indications. Our strategy is to commercialize our medicines
     broadly throughout the world. In Europe, we recently received approval for BRUKINSA® in Waldenström’s
     macroglobulinemia (WM), and we are launching the product across European countries. Our commercial
     capabilities have also expanded into Canada through our own affiliate and into Latin America through a
     distribution partner. In the Asia Pacific region, we have launched, or are planning to launch our products,
     including in China, Australia and other key countries. All together, BRUKINSA® has been approved in 45
     countries, with additional filings pending or planned. We aspire to establish our reputation globally as a
     leading biotechnology company by continuing to deliver highly effective and differentiated medicines in the
     United States, China, Europe, and other international markets.


5.   Broad accessibility. We believe that our commercial scale in China, potentially lower costs and faster speed
     in clinical development, sizeable portfolio of innovative product candidates, and overall commercial expertise
     in serving large, underserved populations give us a unique competitive advantage and create an opportunity
     for us to be an early mover in providing innovative medicines at more affordable prices to many geographies
     that are not traditionally the focus for international pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. We plan to
     focus our long-term strategy on seeking approvals of our portfolio compounds globally and building clinical
     development and commercial capabilities in these markets, either alone or through our collaborators.




10    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                  BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL AND REGISTRATION STAGE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our commercial products and new products that are pending approval
as of February 28, 2022:


                                                           MECHANISM              REGULATORY            BEIGENE
PRODUCT             LEAD INDICATIONS                       OF ACTION              STATUS                COMMERCIAL RIGHTS         PARTNER


                    U.S.: R/R MCL1, WM & R/R MZL1;         BTK inhibitor          Approved in the U.S., Global                    N/A
                    China: R/R MCL , R/R CLL/SLL &
                                     2             2
                                                                                  China, EU and
                    R/R WM ; EU : WM
                            2    3
                                                                                  other markets


tislelizumab        1L Squamous and Non-Squamous Anti-PD-1 antibody               Approved in China;    Outside North America,
                    NSCLC/2/3 L NSCLC/R/R classical                               BLA accepted in       Japan, EU and six other
                    Hodgkin’s lymphoma /2/3 L HCC /
                                          2            2
                                                                                  U.S.4
                                                                                                        European countries
                    R/R PD-L1+ UC    2




pamiparib           3L BRCA-mutated ovarian cancer2 PARP inhibitor                Approved in China     Global                    N/A


                    Giant cell tumor of bone2/Skeletal     Anti-RANK ligand       Approved in China     Mainland China
                    Related Events (SREs)     2
                                                           antibody


                    R/R Acute lymphocytic leukemia2        Anti-CD19 x anti-CD3   Approved in China     Mainland China
                                                           bispecific T-cell
                                                           engager (BiTE)


                    R/R Multiple myeloma2                  Proteasome inhibitor   Approved in China     Mainland China




                    R/R adult multiple myeloma,            Anti-angiogenesis,     Approved in China     Mainland China
                    newly diagnosed multiple               immuno-modulation
                    myeloma, previously treated
                    follicular lymphoma




                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2021      ANNUAL REPORT             11
BUSINESS


                                                             MECHANISM             REGULATORY          BEIGENE
PRODUCT                  LEAD INDICATIONS                    OF ACTION             STATUS              COMMERCIAL RIGHTS      PARTNER


                         Myelodysplastic syndromes,          DNA hypomethylation   Approved in China   Mainland China
                         acute myeloid leukemia, chronic
                         myelomonocytic leukemia


                         Idiopathic multicentric Castleman   IL-6 antagonist       Approved in China   Greater China
                         disease


                         High-risk neuroblastoma2            Anti-GD2 antibody     Approved in China   Mainland China



POBEVCY®                 Colorectal and lung cancers         Anti-VEGF antibody    Approved in China   Greater China
(Avastin biosimilar)


TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)   Melanoma5                           BRAF inhibitor        Approved in China   China Broad Markets7




MEKINIST® (trametinib)   Melanoma5                           MEK inhibitor         Approved in China   China Broad Markets7




VOTRIENT® (pazopanib)    Advance renal cell carcinoma        VEGFR inhibitor       Approved in China   China Broad Markets7




AFINITOR® (everolimus)   Advanced renal cell carcinoma6      mTOR inhibitor        Approved in China   China Broad Markets7




ZYKADIA® (ceritinib)     ALK + NSCLC                         ALK inhibitor         Approved in China   China Broad Markets7




12         BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2021         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                 BUSINESS


1.   Approved under accelerated approval. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and
     description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. 2. Conditionally approved. Full approval for these indications is
     contingent upon results from ongoing randomized, controlled confirmatory clinical trials. 3. The approval is applicable to all
     27 EU member states, plus Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway. 4. For patients with unresectable recurrent locally advanced
     or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) after prior systemic therapy. 5. TAFINLAR and MEKINIST
     are being investigated in combination by Novartis for NSCLC indications. 6. Following progression on or after vascular
     endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-targeted therapy. 7. Rights to promote and market in China’s broad markets pursuant to
     a Market Development Agreement with an affiliate of Novartis Pharma AG dated December 19, 2021, subject to transfer of
     responsibilities pursuant to the terms of the agreement.


     Abbreviations: ALK = anaplastic lymphoma kinase; BLA = Biologics License Application; BRAF = B-rapidly accelerated
     fibrosarcoma; CLL = chronic lymphocytic leukemia; HCC = hepatocellular carcinoma; MCL = mantle cell lymphoma;
     MEK = mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/Extracellular-signal regulated kinase (ERK); mTOR = Mammalian target
     of rapamycin; MZL = marginal zone lymphoma; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; R/R = relapsed/refractory; SLL =
     small lymphocytic lymphoma; UC = urothelial carcinoma; VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; WM =
     Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia.


We commercialize the following internally developed cancer medicines:


BRUKINSA

BRUKINSA® is a second-generation small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) designed to
maximize BTK occupancy and minimize off-target binding effects. BTK is a key component of the B-cell receptor
(BCR) signaling pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival in various lymphomas.
BTK inhibitors block BCR-induced BTK activation and its downstream signaling, leading to growth inhibition
and cell death in certain malignant white blood cells called B-cells. Zanubrutinib is an orally active inhibitor that
covalently binds to BTK, resulting in irreversible inactivation of the enzyme.


We are marketing BRUKINSA® in the United States, China, Europe, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and
other markets.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT              13
BUSINESS


In the United States, BRUKINSA® received accelerated approval as a treatment for mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) in
adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy (November 2019), and has since also been approved
for patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (WM) and relapsed or refractory (R/R) marginal zone lymphoma
(MZL) who have received at least one anti-CD20-based regimen. The MCL and MZL indications were approved
under accelerated approval based on overall response rate. Continued approval for these indications may be
contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. In addition, a supplemental
new drug application (“sNDA”) has been accepted for review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”)
for the treatment of adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL),
with a PDUFA date of October 22, 2022.


In Europe, BRUKINSA® received approval from the European Commission for the treatment of adult patients with
WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of patients unsuitable for chemo-
immunotherapy. The approval is applicable to all 27 EU member states, plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
BRUKINSA ® has also been approved in the U.K. and Switzerland. In addition, two marketing authorization
applications have been accepted for review by the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) for the treatment of
patients with MZL and for the treatment of patients with CLL.


In China, BRUKINSA has received conditional approval for adult patients with MCL who have received at least one
prior therapy and adult patients with CLL or SLL who have received at least one prior therapy and for the treatment
of patients with R/R WM. In addition, an sNDA has been accepted for review by the China National Medical
Products Administration (“NMPA”) for the treatment of adult patients with treatment-naïve CLL or SLL. In December
2021, we announced the inclusion of BRUKINSA® for WM in the updated National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”)
by the China National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”). Currently, all three approved indications for
BRUKINSA® are included in the NRDL.


BRUKINSA® is also approved in Australia for WM and MCL, in Canada for WM, MCL and R/R MZL, and in South
Korea for R/R MCL and R/R WM and numerous other markets (a total of 45 countries and regions as of February
28, 2022).




14     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


Market Opportunity


Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL) and Hodgkin’s lymphoma (HL). Depending on the origin of the
cancer cells, lymphomas can also be characterized as B-cell or T-cell lymphomas. B-cell lymphomas make up
approximately 85% of NHLs and comprise a variety of specific diseases involving B-cells at differing stages of
maturation or differentiation. In 2021, global revenues for BTK inhibitors were approximately US$8 billion according
to published reports, including approximately US$5.5 billion in the United States. Global revenues are projected to
be more than US$15 billion in 2026 according to published reports.


Tislelizumab

Tislelizumab is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor programmed cell
death protein 1 (PD-1) that we specifically designed to minimize binding to Fc receptor gamma (FcγR), which is
believed to play an essential role in activating phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T
effector cells.


As of February 2022, Tislelizumab is approved in China in six indications, including full approval for first-
line treatment of patients with advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in combination with
chemotherapy, for first-line treatment of patients with advanced non-squamous NSCLC in combination with
chemotherapy, and for second- or third-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC who
progressed on prior platinum-based chemotherapy. The NMPA also granted conditional approval for the treatment
of patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma (cHL) who received at least two prior therapies, for the treatment of
patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) with PD-L1 high expression whose disease
progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant
treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, and for the treatment of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma
(HCC) who have received at least one systemic therapy. Full approval for these indications is contingent upon
results from ongoing randomized, controlled, confirmatory clinical trials. Tislelizumab was included in the NRDL in
2020 for cHL and UC and in 2021 for non-squamous NSCLC, squamous NSCLC and HCC, covering all of its five
eligible approved indications.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           15
BUSINESS


In addition, we have submitted three supplemental Biologics License Applications (“BLAs”) for tislelizumab that are
under review by the Center for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of the NMPA, including for patients with previously treated,
locally advanced unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair-deficient
(dMMR) solid tumors, for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell
carcinoma (ESCC) who have disease progression following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy,
and for first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal cancer (NPC).


We are evaluating tislelizumab in a broad pivotal clinical program for both solid tumor and hematological
indications, both globally and in China. We have initiated or completed 17 potentially registration-enabling clinical
trials in China and globally, including 13 Phase 3 trials and four pivotal Phase 2 trials.


In January 2021, we announced a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture
and commercialize tislelizumab in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the EU, UK, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland,
Liechtenstein, Russia and Japan (the “Novartis Territory”). We retained worldwide rights to commercialize outside of
the Novartis Territory and with our proprietary products in combination with tislelizumab.


In the United States, we have filed a BLA with the FDA for tislelizumab as a treatment for patients with unresectable
recurrent locally advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic therapy. This BLA has a PDUFA target action
date of July 12, 2022. In addition, Novartis has disclosed plans to submit additional marketing applications in its
territory.


Market Opportunity


Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody medicines had revenues of approximately US$30.5 billion in 2021
based on public reports. We estimate 2022 China PD1/L1 market (net revenue) will amount to approximately
US$2.4 billion.


Global revenues are projected to be more than US$50 billion by 2025 according to published reports, driven by
multiple factors including indication expansion, approvals and adoptions in earlier lines of therapies, further market
penetration, and extension of duration of therapy.




16      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


Pamiparib

Pamiparib is a, selective small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1 (PARP1) and PARP2 enzymes.
Pamiparib has demonstrated pharmacological properties such as brain penetration and PARP-DNA complex
trapping in preclinical models. Pamiparib is currently in global clinical development as a monotherapy or in
combination with other agents for a variety of solid tumor malignancies. To date, more than 1,300 patients have
been enrolled in clinical trials of pamiparib.


In China, pamiparib received conditional approval for treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA) mutation-
associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with two
or more lines of chemotherapy in May 2021. Full approval for this indication is contingent upon results from ongoing
corroborative trials confirming the clinical benefit of pamiparib in this population. Pamiparib was included in the
2021 NRDL in its approved indication.


Market Opportunity


Many tumor types have been shown to be responsive to PARP inhibitors, including ovarian cancer (OC), breast
cancer, prostate cancer, and gastric cancer (GC). PARP inhibitors have demonstrated encouraging activity both in
R/R patients as well as in the maintenance setting.


We are currently commercializing, or plan to commercialize, the following cancer medicines in China under an
exclusive license from Amgen:


XGEVA

XGEVA® (denosumab) is an antibody-based RANK ligand (RANKL) inhibitor that was approved globally for the
prevention of skeletal-related events (SREs) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and in patients with
multiple myeloma, and for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents with giant cell tumor of bone
(GCTB). XGEVA® is approved in over 70 countries worldwide. In China, XGEVA® received conditional approval in
the GCTB indication in May 2019 and received conditional approval for the SRE indications in November 2020. We
began marketing XGEVA® in China in July 2020. In December 2020, we announced the inclusion of XGEVA® in the
NRDL for the treatment of GCTB.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           17
BUSINESS


GCTB is a relatively rare, benign, but locally aggressive osteolytic skeletal neoplasm of young adults. The patients
experience pain, swelling, and limitation of joint movement at the primary site. In China, there were 2,086 new
cases of GCTB in 2019, according to the China NCCR, IARC, and Frost & Sullivan research. To date, XGEVA® is
the only approved therapy for the treatment of GCTB. For patients with aggressive forms of GCTB, who are not
candidates for locoregional therapy, e.g., therapy or radiotherapy, XGEVA® is the preferred treatment option over
bisphosphonate, chemotherapy, or interferon.


Metastases to bone are a common site of cancer recurrence for many solid tumors. Bone metastases cause pain,
compromised quality of life, and SREs, which include pathologic fracture, the need for radiation or surgery to bone,
hypercalcemia of malignancy, and spinal cord compression. XGEVA® and bisphosphonates, two different classes of
anti-resorptive, can reduce the morbidity of metastatic bone disease, mainly by decreasing SREs through different
mechanisms of actions. Similar to bone metastases in patients with solid tumors, multiple myeloma has a major
feature of osteolytic bone disease that can lead to severe disability and morbidity, including SREs. XGEVA® is also
indicated for the prevention of SREs in patients with multiple myeloma.


BLINCYTO

BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab), a bispecific CD-19 directed CD3 T-cell engager, is the first and only approved bi-
specific T-cell engager (BiTE) immunotherapy. It has been approved in 60 countries for use in patients with acute
lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). In China, BLINCYTO® received conditional approval as a treatment for adult patients
with R/R ALL in December 2020. We began commercializing BLINCYTO® in the August 2021.


ALL is the most common childhood malignancy and accounts for approximately one-quarter of all childhood
malignancies. It is estimated that there are 0.69 cases of ALL in 100,000 people in China, according to the China
NCCR, IARC, and F&S research. Approximately 15 percent of children fail initial treatment and advance to R/R
stage, and BLINCYTO is indicated for the treatment of patients with R/R B-cell precursor ALL. There are CAR-T
therapies being developed for this indication, and tisagenlecleucel from Novartis has been approved by the FDA for
treatment of patients including and under 25 years of age with B-cell precursor ALL that is refractory or in second
or later relapse. Clofarabine from Sanofi is also approved in this indication by the FDA. Neither of these two agents
have been approved in China.




18     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


KYPROLIS

KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib), a proteasome inhibitor, has been approved in over 60 countries for use in patients with
R/R multiple myeloma (MM). It was approved in China as a treatment for patients with R/R MM in July 2021 and
we began commercializing KYPROLIS® in January 2022. In the class of proteasome inhibitors, VELCADE® has
been marketed by Johnson & Johnson in China since 2006 and NINLARO ® (ixazomib) has been marketed by
Takeda in China since 2018. There are a number of generic forms of carfilzomib being developed in China by local
manufacturers, including Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd., Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group
Co., Ltd., and Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.


We commercialize the following cancer medicines in China under an exclusive license from BMS:


REVLIMID

REVLIMID® (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory medicine that was approved in China in 2013 for the
treatment of multiple myeloma (MM) in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients who have received at
least one prior therapy. In February 2018, REVLIMID® received NMPA approval of a new indication for the treatment
of MM in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients with previously untreated MM who are not eligible for
transplant.


In 2019, there were approximately 20,700 new cases of MM in China in 2019, according to the China NCCR, IARC,
and Frost & Sullivan research. With a growing aging population and improving diagnosis, China has seen a steady
increase in MM incidence. The main treatments for MM in China include VELCADE®, which is a proteasome inhibitor
marketed by Johnson & Johnson in China since 2006, REVLIMID®, NINLARO® (ixazomib), an oral proteasome
inhibitor developed by Takeda, DARZALEX® (daratumumab), an infusion CD38 monoclonal antibody marketed by
Johnson & Johnson since 2019, and a number of generic forms of VELCADE® and REVLIMID®, including generic
lenalidomide from Shuanglu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd., Qilu
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology
(CSCO) guidelines recommend lenalidomide as a standard of care for the treatment of R/R and newly diagnosed
MM as well as in the maintenance setting.


REVLIMID® was listed on the NRDL in June 2017. In November 2019, we announced that REVLIMID® received
formal inclusion on the NRDL in China for R/R multiple myeloma. In November 2020 our sNDA for the use of
REVLIMID® in combination with rituximab in adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma was approved
by the NMPA.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           19
BUSINESS


VIDAZA

VIDAZA® (azacitidine for injection) is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects
of DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression. VIDAZA® was approved in China in April
2017 for the treatment of intermediate-2 and high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), chronic myelomonocyte
leukemia (CMML) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with 20% to 30% blasts and multi-lineage dysplasia. In
January 2018, VIDAZA® became commercially available in China.


MDSs are among the most common hematological malignant diseases. In 2019, there were approximately 22,100
new cases of MDS in China in 2019, according to the China NCCR, IARC, and Frost & Sullivan research. The typical
age of onset is 70 years. The higher-risk MDS (intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS) is considered fatal because the
median overall survival is only 0.4-1.1 years, and nearly 30% of these patients progress to AML. In China, the main
treatments for intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS are conventional care regimen (CCR) (best supportive care, low-
dose cytarabine and intensive chemotherapy), and hypomethylating agents (HMAs). DACOGEN® (decitabine),
marketed by Johnson & Johnson, was the first HMA agent approved in China in 2009. In the past several years,
at least nine decitabine generics have become available. There are also two approved generic forms of azacitidine
from manufacturers Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. and Sichuan Huiyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Nevertheless, there are still over 50% of higher-risk MDS patients treated with CCR, and the unmet need remains
large. VIDAZA® is a first-line recommended treatment in the Chinese MDS treatment guidelines. VIDAZA® was listed
in the NRDL in October 2018.


In addition to REVLIMID® and VIDAZA®, we previously commercialized ABRAXANE® (paclitaxel albumin-bound
particles for injectable suspension), a solvent-free chemotherapy approved for use in certain patients with
metastatic breast cancer, in China until March 2020. On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation,
sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS
and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract
manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us,
which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had any sales
of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE ®. We have initiated
an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and
conditions of the license and supply agreement.




20     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


We are commercializing or planning to commercialize the following medicines in China under an exclusive license
from EUSA Pharma:


SYLVANT

SYLVANT® (siltuximab), an interleukin-6 (IL-6) antagonist, was approved as a treatment for patients with idiopathic
multicentric Castleman disease (iMCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human
herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. SYLVANT® was approved in China in December 2021 for the treatment of adult
patients with multicentric Castleman disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and
human herpes virus-8 (HHV-8) negative, also known as idiopathic MCD (iMCD). It is estimated that approximately
6,500 to 7,700 new cases of Castleman disease (CD) are diagnosed each year in the United States, of which
approximately 75% are estimated to be unicentric and the remaining 25% are estimated to be HHV-8-associated
multicentric Castleman disease (MCD) or HHV-8-negative/idiopathic MCD. In Japan, the incidence appears to be
similar to that seen in the United States; however, in contrast, MCD appears to be more common than unicentric
CD, and HHV-8-associated MCD is rare. There are few published data regarding the epidemiology in China, but
there are no clear associations between epidemiology and particular ethnicities.


QARZIBA

QARZIBA® ▼ (dinutuximab beta), a mouse-human chimeric monoclonal GD2 antibody, was granted conditional
approval by the NMPA for the treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above
who have previously received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as patients with a history of relapsed or refractory
(R/R) neuroblastoma with or without residual disease. Neuroblastoma is almost exclusively a disease of children.
It is the third most common childhood cancer, after leukemia and brain tumors, and is the most common solid
extracranial tumor in children. There are limited publications on the epidemiology of the disease, and it is estimated
there are 5-9 cases of neuroblastoma in one million children under the age of 19. High-risk neuroblastoma patients
are managed with induction chemotherapy, surgical resection, tandem autologous hematopoietic stem cell
transplantation, radiotherapy, and maintenance with biologic/immunologic therapy, e.g., dinutuximab beta. We
began commercializing QARZIBA® ▼ in December 2021.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT            21
BUSINESS


We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Bio-Thera:


POBEVCY (BAT1706)

POBEVCY® is a biosimilar to Avastin® (bevacizumab) developed by Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd., a commercial-stage
biopharmaceutical company located in Guangzhou, China. In China, Avastin® is approved for the treatment of
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, liver cancer and NSCLC.


POBEVCY® was approved by the NMPA in China in November 2021 and launched in late 2021 for the treatment of
patients with advanced, metastatic or recurrent NSCLC and metastatic colorectal cancer.


We have acquired the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize POBEVCY® in China, including Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan. Bio-Thera submitted a marketing application to the EMA and a BLA to the FDA in November
2020. In China, three bevacizumab biosimilars have been approved, marked by Qilu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
and Innovent Biologics, Inc., and Shanghai Henlius Biotech Inc., and there are also a number of bevacizumab
biosimilars in development, including by Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.


Reimbursement and Market Access


Our sales are largely dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement by third party payors.
In many markets these third parties are government health systems and in some markets such as the United States
there are also private payors such as private health insurers and health systems. In 2021 we commercialized our
products in 43 markets.




22     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                           BUSINESS


In China there is one main payor, the government’s national health care coverage system, which provides Basic
Medical Insurance (BMI) to the majority (greater than 95%) of China’s approximately 1.4 billion people. There are
three types of coverage plans in China at the national level that depend on if a resident lives in an urban or rural
setting and if they are employed. The different plans have different characteristics in terms of how the plan is paid
for and what it covers. Coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals in China comes under the purview of the
NHSA, the National Healthcare Security Administration, which oversees the NRDL. The NRDL is composed of three
lists. The ‘A’ and ‘B’ list are commonly referred to as the ‘regular’ lists. The A list generally includes older, off-patent
medicines, while the B list generally includes newer medicines, some with remaining patent protection, which are
reimbursed at a lower rate compared to the A list. In 2017, a third list was added to the system, often referred to
as the ‘C’ list or the ‘negotiation’ list. This list generally includes newer innovative medicines which are accepted
on the list after successful negotiation between the NHSA and the company. Typically, inclusion on the C list is
accompanied by a discount to the prevailing list price in China for the medicine at the time of inclusion. The NRDL
price for a medicine is its prevailing price in China, but the actual reimbursement rate that is used can be modified
at the provincial level. In addition to the NRDL, there are provincial reimbursement drug lists, or PRDLs. Provinces
have been allowed to omit reimbursement for 10-15% of the products and indications on the NRDL in order to
direct resources to other products to better serve their specific populations. This ability is being phased out by 2022
in principle according to a July 2019 NHSA policy memo. The PRDLs are thus, at this time, the official list of what
is available to China’s citizens. In addition to insurance reimbursement, patients can elect to self-pay for needed
medicines.


Several of our medicines are listed on the NRDL. In the most recent NRDL list announced in December 2021, the
following medicines were included in the NRDL, effective January 1, 2022:


•     Tislelizumab in all five of its eligible approved indications – three new indications in 2021 and two indications
      included last year:


      –      For use in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy as a first-line treatment in patients
             with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC),
             with EGFR genomic tumor aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative (approved in June
             2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021);




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             23
BUSINESS


     –     For the treatment of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) who have been previously treated
           with at least one systemic therapy (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in
           2021);


     –     For use in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin as a first-line treatment in patients with
           unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC (approved in January 2021 and included
           in the NRDL in 2021);


     –     For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) with PD-
           L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy
           or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy
           (conditionally approved in April 2020 and included in NRDL in 2020); and


     –     For the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma (cHL) who have received at least two
           prior therapies (conditionally approved in December 2019 and included in the NRDL in 2020).


•    BRUKINSA in all three of its approved indications – one new indication in November 2021 and two indications
     included last year:


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (WM) who have received at
           least one prior therapy (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021);


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally
           approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020); and


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)/small lymphocytic
           lymphoma (SLL) who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally approved in June 2020 and
           included in the NRDL in 2020).


•    Pamiparib was initially included in the NRDL in its approved indication:


     –     For the treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA) mutation-associated recurrent advanced
           ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been treated with two or more lines of
           chemotherapy (conditionally approved in May and included in the NRDL in 2021).




24       BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


Additionally, two of our medicines were listed in past NRDLs: REVLIMID ® was included in the 2017 NRDL
negotiation list and later received formal inclusion in the 2019 B list, while VIDAZA® was listed in the 2018 NRDL
negotiation list and later received formal inclusion to the 2020 B list.


In 2018, China started a new program to centrally purchase generic medicines for the nation’s health care system
called “volume-based procurement” (VBP), or GPO (group purchasing organization) or “4+7” (4 municipalities
and 7 provincial cities) when the program was first piloted in 11 major cities. After the 2018 pilot program, it was
implemented nationally in 2019. It is a tender-based system that provides guaranteed volume for lowered pricing.
Participation in the program requires a product to have passed a quality consistency evaluation (QCE), which
in turn requires passing a bioequivalence (BE) comparison often to the originator product. The system offers a
major portion of a market’s volume to winning bidders. More than one company can win a given tender, and more
guaranteed volume is awarded as more bidders win. The system is still evolving and, as such, the exact terms of
how many bidders win and what amount of volume are won and at what price is also evolving.


It is common in China for pharmaceutical companies to employ patient assistance programs to help patients afford
their innovative medicines. Usually these programs have been offered to patients who are self-paying. A typical
program provides a certain number of free doses to patients after a certain number of doses have been paid for.
Usually these programs end when a medicine is included in the NRDL. We offer these types of patient assistance
programs to our patients.


In the United States most health insurance coverage is provided by private insurers, often accessed via employer-
sponsored plans, and the two main public insurance programs, Medicare and Medicaid. All three types of programs
usually have some type of coverage for pharmaceutical products. Often this is through a PBM, or pharmacy benefit
manager. The structure of the pharmacy benefit can be quite different for different beneficiaries depending on the
negotiations between plan sponsors and plan purchasers. There is no central list of covered pharmaceuticals in the
United States, as there is no single payer system. As such, the prices paid for pharmaceuticals in the United States
can vary.


We offer patient assistance programs in the United States under our myBeiGene program. This program seeks
to enhance access to BRUKINSA® by assisting with obtaining reimbursement, co-pay assistance when allowed,
temporary supply of free product for insurance delays, and free product assistance for some uninsured and
underinsured patients. The programs also seek to support patients and caregivers by providing education and
information about BRUKINSA® and its approved indications, nurse advocates, and connecting patients to sources
of support such as support groups and transportation/lodging assistance.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT           25
BUSINESS


OUR PIPELINE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our internally-discovered drug candidates as of February 28, 2022:


    DRUG                        DOSE ESC.         DOSE EXPANSION                   PIVOTAL
                 PROGRAMS                                                                                FILED      MARKETED
 CANDIDATES                      Phase 1a         Phase 1b      Phase 2*    Phase 2**      Phase 3
                                R/R MCL (approved in multiple geographies)
                                WM (approved by FDA in the U.S. 9/1/2021)
                                R/R MZL (accelerated approval by FDA in the U.S. 9/15/2021, approved by Health Canada 2/18/2022)
                                WM†1
                                R/R MCL, R/R CLL/SLL (conditionally approved by NMPA in China 6/3/2020)
  zanubrutinib   monotherapy    R/R WM (conditionally approved by NMPA in China 6/18/2021)
     (BTK)
                                CLL/SLL (filing accepted by the FDA in the U.S. 2/22/2022, PDUFA date 10/22/2022)
                                CLL, MZL (filing accepted by the EMA in the EU on 2/22/2022)
                                WM (filing accepted 1/20/2022), CLL/SLL (filing accepted 1/28/222)
                                Lupus nephritis
                                Previously treated CLL/SLL
                                (ibrutinib acalabrutinib intolerant)
                                +rituximab 1L MCL
                  combination   +obinutuzumab R/R FL
                                + lenalidomide +/-
                                rituximab R/R DLBCL
                                R/R cHL (approved 12/26/2019), 2L + UC (approved 4/10/2020),
                                2L/3L HCC (approved 6/23/2021), 2L/3L NSCLC (approved 1/6/2022)
                                2L/3L MSI-H or dMMR solid tumors (filing accepted 6/7/2021),
                                2L ESCC (filing accepted 7/7/2021
                  monotherapy   2L ESCC (filing accepted by the FDA in the U.S. 9/13/2021; PDUFA date 7/12/2022)
                                1L HCC
                                R/R NK/T-cell lymphoma
  tislelizumab
                                1L Sq. NSCLC (approved 1/13/2021), 1L non-Sq. NSCLC (approved 6/23/2021)
      (PD-1)
                                1L NPC (filings accepted in China 8/22/2021)
                   + chemo
                                1L SCLC, Stage II/IIIA NSCLC, Localized ESCC, 1L UC
                                1L GC, 1L ESCC
                  + pamiparib
                     (PARP)     Solid tumors
                 + zanubrutinib
                                B-cell malignancies
                      (BTK)
                                3L gBRCA+ OC (approved 5/7/2021)
                                2L platinum-sensitive OC maintenance
                  monotherapy   1L platinum-sensitive GC maintenance
     pamiparib                  HER2-BRCA mutated breast cancer
      (PARP)
                                Solid tumors
                 + TMZ (chemo) Solid tumors
                    +RT/TMZ
                               Glioblastoma
                   (RT/chemo)




26       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                      BUSINESS


       DRUG                           DOSE ESC.        DOSE EXPANSION                   PIVOTAL
                     PROGRAMS                                                                                 FILED      MARKETED
    CANDIDATES                         Phase 1a       Phase 1b      Phase 2*      Phase 2**     Phase 3
                                      1L NSCLC
                     + tislelizumab   R/M Cervical Cancer, R/M ESCC ̀
                                      Solid tumors
     ociperlimab    + tislelizumab    1L SCLC
       (TIGIT)          +cCRT         Stage III unresectable NSCLC
                    + tislelizumab
                                      1L NSCLC
                        +chemo
                    + tislelizumab
                                      1L HCC
                      +BAT1706
                + mirdametinib B-Raf-
      lifirafenib
    (BRAF Dimer)
                                        or K-RAS/
                                 N-RAS mutated solid tumors
     BGB-A425   monotherapy &
        (TIM-3)                  Solid tumors
                + tislelizumab
     BGB-A333   monotherapy & Solid tumors
       (PD-L1)  + tislelizumab
BGB-A445 (OX40) + tislelizumab Solid tumors
                monotherapy & B-cell
                + zanubrutinib malignancies
  BGB-11417 + dexamethasone
     (Bcl-2)                     R/R Multiple Myeloma
                 & + carfilzomib
                 + azacytidine AML, MDS
  BGB-10188          mono;
                + tislelizumab; B-cell malignancies; Solid tumors
  (PI3K Delta)  + zanubrutinib
     BGB-15025      monotherapy &
       (HPK1)                      Advanced solid tumors
                    + zanubrutinib
     BGB-23339
       (TYK2)        + azacytidine Inflammation
                                   and Immunity

Global
China


*       Some indications will not require a non-pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial prior to beginning pivotal Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical
        trials. **Confirmatory clinical trials post approval are required for accelerated or conditional approvals. †R/R or not suitable
        for chemo-immunotherapy. ∧R/M: recurrent/metastatic

1
        Approved in Canada (3/1/2021); Australia (10/7/2021); EU (27 member states) plus Iceland, Lichtenstein, and Norway
        (11/23/2021); UK (12/14/2021); Switzerland (2/17/2022); South Korea (2/24/2022)




                                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT               27
BUSINESS


The following table summarizes the status of our in-licensed drug candidates as of February 28, 2022:

                           (TARGET) /              DOSE ESC.               DOSE EXPANSION             PIVOTAL           COMM.
    COMPOUND                                                                                                                             PARTNER
                           PROGRAM                   Phase 1a              Phase 1b   Phase 2*   Phase 2**   Phase 3    RIGHTS
      sotorasib            (KRAS G12C)             Solid tumors, NSCLC, CRC

     tarlatamab∧∧              (DLL3)              SCLC

    pavurutamab∧∧              (BCMA)              MM

       AMG 176               (Mcl-1, SM)           Hematologic malignancies
      AMG 330∧                 (CD33)              Myeloid malignancies
      AMG 427∧∧                 (FLT3)             AML

    acapatamab∧∧               (PSMA)              Prostate cancer                                                         China
      AMG 509∧            (STEAPI XmAb)            Prostate cancer

      AMG 199∧∧               (MUC17)              GC/GEJC
       AMG 650          (oral small molecule)      Solid tumors
                           (FAP x 4-1BB,
       AMG 650                                     Solid tumors
                              DARPin®)
       AMG 994          Bispecific antibody        Solid tumors
                            (Anti-PD-1 x
       AMG 256                                     Solid tumors
                            IL21 mutein)
                       (multi-kinase inhibitor)                                                                            Asia
                           + tislelizumab          NSCLC, RCC, OC, MEL
     Sitravatinib†                                                                                                      ex-Japan,
                        Mono + tislelizumab        HCC, GC/GEJC                                                          AU, NZ
                              (HER2,
                        bispecific antibody)  GEA                                                                          Asia
                       + chemo + tislelizumab                                                                           ex-Japan,
                                                                                                                         AU, NZ
    zanidatamab   ††
                           Monotherapy             Biliary tract cancers
                             + chemo,              Breast cancer, GC, GEA
                          +/- tislelizumab                                                                                 Asia
                                                                                                                        ex-Japan,
        ZW49                  (HER2,               HER2-expressing cancers                                               AU, NZ
                          bispecific ADC)
      BGB-32451               (B-RAF)              Solid tumors                                                        Asia ex-Japan

      SEA-CD70              (anti-CD70)            MDS, AML                                                                Asia
                                                                                                                        ex-Japan,
                       (DKK1) + tislelizumab       GC/GEJC                                                               AU, NZ
       DKN-01              +/- chemo

       LBL-007                (LAG-3)              Biliary tract cancers
                                                                                                                        Asia ex-Japan,
                           + tislelizumab                                                                                   AU, NZ

      vebicorvir†††
                        (HBV core inhibitor)       Chronic Hepatitis B Virus                                            ex-China
     (ABI-H0731)®
      ABI-H3733         (HBV core inhibitor)       Chronic Hepatitis B virus                                               China


Global
China



*       Some indications will not require a non-pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial prior to beginning pivotal Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical
        trials. **Confirmatory clinical trials post approval are required for accelerated or conditional approvals. ∧BiTE, ∧∧HLE BiTE
        (Global trials are being conducted outside of China.), †Mirati is also conducting its own clinical studies with sitravatinib,
        including the Phase 3 SAPPHIRE trial in non-sq NSCLC. ††ZW25, ††† Assembly is conducting Phase 2 triple combination
        studies with VBR and a Ph1 study of ABI-H3733.


        Abbreviations: AML: acute myeloid leukemia, HLE BiTE: Half-life extended Bi-specific T-cell engagers, GC/GEJ: gastric
        cancer/gastroesophageal junction, HCC: hepatocellular carcinoma, IND: Investigational New Drug, MEL: melanoma, MM:
        multiple myeloma, NHL: non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, N/SCLC: non-small cell lung cancer, OC: ovarian cancer, RCC: renal
        cell carcinoma, SM: small molecule; (1) By MapKure, a joint venture with SpringWorks Therapeutics.




28         BEIGENE, LTD.                 •        2021      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL – AND CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


A description of our commercial- and clinical-stage drug candidates and clinical data from selected clinical trials
is set forth below. Historically, we have made available, and we intend to continue to make available, clinical data
and/or topline results from clinical trials of our drug candidates in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEX”), and
the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), copies of which are available on the Investors section of our website.


BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), a BTK Inhibitor


We are currently evaluating zanubrutinib in a broad pivotal clinical program globally and in China as a monotherapy
and in combination with other therapies to treat various lymphomas. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated higher
selectivity against BTK than IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), an approved BTK inhibitor, based on our biochemical assays;
higher exposure than ibrutinib based on their respective Phase 1 experience in separate studies; and sustained 24-
hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood and lymph node compartments in patients.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

We have announced BRUKINSA® approvals around the world, including in the United States, China, the EU, the U.K.,
Canada, and Australia. As of February 2022, 43 additional marketing authorization applications for BRUKINSA®
have been submitted, including by BeiGene and with support from our five distribution partners: Adium Pharma in
Latin America and the Caribbean, NewBridge Pharmaceuticals in the Middle East and North Africa, Erkim in Turkey,
Nanolek in Russia, and Medison in Israel.


Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that BRUKINSA® has a potentially best-in-class profile, and we are
running a broad global pivotal program in multiple indications, including nine registration or registration-enabling
clinical trials. Four of the nine studies are Phase 3 and five are designed to be registration-enabling Phase 2 trials.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            29
BUSINESS


We have reported results from the monotherapy head-to-head Phase 3 trial versus ibrutinib in WM (ASPEN,
NCT03053440), which are being included in several filings globally. We are also conducting an ongoing Phase 3 trial
comparing BRUKINSA® to bendamustine and rituximab in patients with treatment-naïve (TN) CLL/SLL (SEQUOIA,
NCT03336333) and a head-to-head Phase 3 trial in R/R CLL/SLL versus ibrutinib (ALPINE, NCT03734016). We have
completed patient enrollment in SEQUOIA and ALPINE. Our fourth Phase 3 trial is an ongoing Phase 3 confirmatory
trial in patients with treatment-naive (TN) MCL (NCT04002297). Additionally, we have five filed or ongoing Phase
2 trials that are designed to be registration-enabling, including four monotherapy studies in R/R MCL, R/R WM,
R/R CLL/SLL (NCT03206970, NCT03332173, NCT03206918), and R/R MZL (MAGNOLIA, NCT03846427) and an
ongoing pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination with GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab) in patients with R/R FL (ROSEWOOD,
NCT03332017). Finally, we are also investigating zanubrutinib in several combination studies in DLBCL and CLL/
SLL, including two studies in CLL/SLL investigating venetoclax combinations.


We continue to pursue regulatory approvals for BRUKINSA® globally. In February 2022, we announced that the
FDA accepted for review a sNDA for CLL/SLL, with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (“PDUFA”) target action date
of October 22, 2022, and that the EMA accepted for review two marketing authorization applications for MZL and
CLL. We expect continued regulatory decisions for some of our global filings this year, including potential additional
approvals in more than 10 markets We expect topline results to be available from the ALPINE trial comparing
BRUKINSA® versus ibrutinib in second line CLL/SLL in the first half 2022. Finally, we expect to announce clinical
data on the fully enrolled pivotal Phase 2 ROSEWOOD trial comparing BRUKINSA® plus obinutuzumab to
obinutuzumab alone in R/R follicular lymphoma patients in 2022.


Tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 Antibody


Tislelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 that is currently
being evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally and in China and for which we plan to commence additional pivotal
trials as a monotherapy and in combination with standard of care to treat various solid and hematological cancers.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

BeiGene has initiated or completed 17 potentially registration-enabling clinical trials in China and globally, including
13 Phase 3 trials and four pivotal Phase 2 trials intended to support regulatory submissions globally and in China.




30     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


Our trials in lung cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial evaluating tislelizumab as a second- or third-line treatment compared to docetaxel in
      patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC (NCT03358875);


•     Two Phase 3 trials in China evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy in squamous
      and non-squamous NSCLC (NCT03594747 and NCT03663205, respectively);


•     A Phase 3 trial in China in 1L SCLC evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy
      (NCT04005716); and


•     A Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab in combination with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as
      neoadjuvant treatment for patients with NSCLC (NCT04379635).


Our trials in liver cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial comparing tislelizumab with sorafenib as first-line treatment for patients with HCC
      (NCT03412773); and


•     A global single-arm pivotal Phase 2 trial in second or third line unresectable HCC (NCT03419897).


Our trials in gastric cancer include:


•     A global Phase 3 trial of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined with
      chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with gastric cancer (NCT03777657).


Our trials in lymphoma include:


•     A Phase 3 trial in China comparing tislelizumab to salvage chemotherapy in patients with relapsed or
      refractory classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL; NCT04486391); and


•     A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with relapsed or refractory cHL (NCT03209973).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021       ANNUAL REPORT      31
BUSINESS


Our trials in urothelial carcinoma include:


•    A Phase 3 trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (NCT03967977);
     and


•    Phase 2 trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial bladder cancer (NCT04004221).


Our trials in ESCC include:


•    A global Phase 3 trial comparing tislelizumab with chemotherapy as second-line treatment for patients with
     advanced ESCC (NCT03430843);


•    A global Phase 3 trial of tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with
     ESCC (NCT03783442); and


•    A Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab versus placebo in combination with chemoradiotherapy in patients with
     localized ESCC (NCT03957590).


Finally, our trials in solid tumors and nasopharyngeal cancer include:


•    A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors (NCT03736889); and


•    A Phase 3 trial in China and Thailand of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined
     with chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with nasopharyngeal cancer (NCT03924986).


As of January 2022, we had enrolled over 9,000 subjects in clinical trials of tislelizumab in 35 countries, including
close to 3,000 subjects outside of China. These studies include 11 multi-regional registrational trials that are
designed for global regulatory approvals. Data from our trials thus far suggested that tislelizumab was generally
well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of tumor types.




32     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


Pamiparib, a PARP1 and PARP2 Inhibitor


Pamiparib is a selective small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1 (PARP1) and PARP2 enzymes
that is being evaluated as a potential monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment of various solid tumors.
We believe that pamiparib has the potential to be differentiated from other PARP inhibitors because of its brain
penetration, greater selectivity, strong DNA-trapping activity, and good oral bioavailability demonstrated in
preclinical models.


Overview of Clinical Development Program and Regulatory Status

In China, pamiparib received conditional approval in May 2021 for treatment of patients with germline BRCA (gBRCA)
mutation-associated recurrent advanced ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who have been
treated with two or more lines of chemotherapy. Full approval for this indication is contingent upon results from
ongoing corroborative trials confirming the clinical benefit of pamiparib in this population.


In addition, our clinical development program includes a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance therapy in patients with
platinum-sensitive recurrent OC (NCT03519230), a Phase 2 trial in BRCA-mutated HER2-negative breast cancer
(NCT03575065), a Phase 2 trial in first-line platinum-sensitive GC maintenance (NCT03427814), and a Phase 1b/2
trial in combination with temozolomide in glioblastoma multiforme (NCT03150862).


We expect to announce top-line results from the Phase 3 maintenance study in patients with platinum-sensitive
recurrent OC in the first half of 2022.


Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217), a TIGIT Inhibitor


Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217) is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody directed against
TIGIT. An immune checkpoint molecule, ociperlimab is currently being investigated in two global Phase 3 clinical
trials, the AdvanTIG-301 (NCT04866017) and AdvanTIG-302 (NCT04746924) trials, in combination with tislelizumab
in NSCLC. To date, approximately 800 subjects have been enrolled across the ociperlimab development program,
which includes six global trials in patients with lung cancers, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, and cervical
cancer.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT      33
BUSINESS


In December 2021 we announced an option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop,
manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab in North America, Europe, and Japan, as discussed further below
under “Novartis Collaboration — Option Collaboration and License Agreement for Ociperlimab”.


We have completed patient enrollment in the AdvanTIG-202 trial (NCT04693234) in patients with previously treated
recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer. We expect to initiate additional pivotal clinical trials and announce data
from Phase 2 trial expansion cohorts in 2022.


Lifirafenib (BGB-283) and BGB-3245, Inhibitors of RAF


Lifirafenib is an investigational novel small molecule inhibitor with RAF monomer and dimer inhibition activities.
Lifirafenib has shown antitumor activities in preclinical models and in cancer patients with tumors harboring BRAF
V600E mutations, non-V600E BRAF mutations or KRAS/NRAS mutations. We have been developing lifirafenib
for the treatment of cancers with aberrations in the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), pathway, including
BRAF gene mutations and KRAS/NRAS gene mutations where first generation BRAF inhibitors are not effective. We
believe that lifirafenib as monotherapy or in combination with other agents may have potential for treating various
malignancies such as melanoma, NSCLC, and endometrial cancer.


BeiGene is working together with SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (SpringWorks) in a global clinical collaboration
and has initiated a Phase 1b clinical trial (NCT03905148) to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and preliminary efficacy
of lifirafenib in combination with SpringWorks’ investigational MEK inhibitor, mirdametinib (PD-0325901), in patients
with advanced solid tumors.


In addition to the collaboration, BeiGene and SpringWorks formed a separate company, MapKure, LLC, to develop
BGB-3245, an investigational, selective next-generation RAF kinase inhibitor discovered by BeiGene scientists.
MapKure has an ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of BGB-3245 (NCT04249843) in patients with advanced or refractory
tumors harboring specific v-RAF murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B (B-RAF) genetic mutations.




34     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Sitravatinib, a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor


In January 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (Mirati) for the
development, manufacturing and commercialization of Mirati’s sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan and certain
other countries), Australia and New Zealand. Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor,
which potently inhibits receptor tyrosine kinases, including RET, TAM family receptors (TYRO3, Axl, MER), and
split family receptors (VEGFR2, KIT). Sitravatinib is being evaluated by Mirati in multiple clinical trials to treat
patients who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a Phase 3 SAPPHIRE trial of
sitravatinib in NSCLC initiated in 2019. In data readouts at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
Annual Meeting 2021, two cohorts from BeiGene’s Phase 1b trial (NCT03666143) of sitravatinib in combination
with tislelizumab in unresectable or metastatic melanoma who were R/R to PD-1/LI inhibitors and in patients with
advanced platinum-resistant ovarian cancer (PROC) were presented. Sitravatinib is being evaluated by BeiGene in
multiple clinical trials including a Phase 3 trial combining sitravatinib with tislelizumab in NSCLC.


BGB-11417, a Small Molecule Bcl-2 Inhibitor


BGB-11417 is an investigational small molecule Bcl-2 inhibitor. We have completed preclinical and investigational
new drug (IND) -enabling studies of BGB-11417, which demonstrated potent activity and high selectivity against
the pro-apoptotic protein Bcl-2. The molecule appears to be more potent than venetoclax and shows the potential
to overcome resistance to venetoclax. Further, it is more selective than venetoclax for Bcl-2 relative to Bcl-xL.
Finally, we believe that it is well-positioned to be combined with BRUKINSA®. We have an ongoing Phase 1 trial
(NCT04277637) in Australia and the United States to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and
preliminary antitumor activity of BGB-11417 and its combination with zanubrutinib in patients with mature B-cell
malignancies. We expect to start pivotal trials for BGB-11417 in 2022.


BGB-A445, an OX40 Agonist Antibody


BGB-A445 is an investigational agonistic antibody directed to the OX40 antigen. BGB-A445 is a non-ligand
competing antibody that does not disrupt OX40 to OX40 ligand engagement. Preclinical experiments showed that
BGB-A445 has increasing effectiveness at higher doses versus an antibody that was ligand-competing, which
showed falling effectiveness at higher doses. BGB-A445 has also showed in preclinical tests the potential to be
combined with several agents, such as tislelizumab, as well as a TLR9 agonist, a PI3Kδ inhibitor, sitravatinib, and
chemotherapy. We have an ongoing Phase 1 trial (NCT04215978) of BGB-A445 in combination with tislelizumab in
patients with advanced solid tumors and expect to initiate dose expansion for BGB-A445 (OX-40) in the first half of
2022.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT       35
BUSINESS


ZW25 (Zanidatamab), a bispecific HER2-targeted antibody


Zanidatamab, a novel investigational Azymetric™ bispecific antibody targeting HER2, is currently in late-stage
clinical development with Zymeworks Inc. BeiGene has development and commercial rights to zanidatamab in
Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. We are participating in three ongoing clinical studies with
zanidatamab. The first is a Phase 1/2 study (NCT04215978) in HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer. The breast
cancer arm combines zanidatamab with docetaxel, and the gastric cancer arm combines zanidatamab with our
PD-1 inhibitor tislelizumab and chemotherapy. The second study (NCT04466891) is a Phase 2b study in patients
with advanced or metastatic HER2-amplified biliary tract cancers (BTC) in which zanidatamab is being used as
monotherapy. We initiated a global Phase 3 clinical trial (NCT05152147) examining zanidatamab in combination
with chemotherapy with and without tislelizumab in HER2-positive gastroesophageal cancer in late 2021. We
expect to complete enrollment in 2L biliary tract cancer in 2022.


BGB-A425, a TIM-3 Inhibitor


BGB-A425 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against T-cell immunoglobulin
and mucin-domain containing-3 (TIM-3). We have an ongoing Phase 1/2 trial (NCT03744468) of BGB-A425 in
combination with tislelizumab in various solid tumors.


BGB-15025, a Small Molecule HPK1 Inhibitor


BGB-15025 is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of HPK1, which is a key negative feedback regulator of
TCR signaling. Inhibition of HPK1 leads to enhanced T-cell activation pre-clinically. In addition, preclinical studies
showed that BGB-15025 exhibits combination activity with tislelizumab and has a wide therapeutic window. We
initiated a Phase 1 trial (NCT04649385) of BGB-15025 alone and in combination with tislelizumab in patients with
advanced solid tumors in 2021. This trial is being conducted in multiple countries globally. We expect to initiate
dose-expansion for BGB-15025 in the second half of 2022.




36     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS


We have a proprietary biology research platform that has allowed us to research and develop both small molecules
and biologic molecules. In the last decade, this platform has generated more than 10 clinical stage assets, including
three internally-developed molecules that have been approved by regulatory bodies in the United States, China, EU
and other markets, with other filings pending globally and planned to be submitted. The platform is a full-process
technology system spanning from early discovery to commercialization of oncology medicines based on multiple
drug technology platforms that can be applied to oncology and other fields. We have core technology platforms for
the development of small molecule and antibody medicines and the manufacturing of our own and potentially other
medicines. Currently, we have over 50 pre-clinical programs and we believe that half of them have best-in-class or
first-in-class potential.


We anticipate advancing multiple our preclinical drug candidates into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe
that we have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with our preclinical candidates to target multiple points in the
cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop companion diagnostics that will help identify patients who are
most likely to benefit from the use of our medicines and drug candidates.


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY


We manufacture our medicines and drug candidates internally and in some cases with the help of third-party
contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs). The manufacturing of our medicines and drug candidates is
subject to extensive regulations that impose various procedural and documentation requirements governing
recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls, personnel, quality control, and quality assurance, among
others. Our manufacturing facilities and the facilities of the CMOs we use to manufacture our medicines and drug
candidates operate under current good manufacturing practice regulations (GMP) conditions. GMP regulations are
requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals that will be used in humans.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT            37
BUSINESS


Our Manufacturing Facilities


We have manufacturing facilities for small molecule drugs and large molecule biologics in Suzhou and Guangzhou,
China, respectively, to support the commercialization and potential future demand of our internally developed or in-
licensed products.


Our manufacturing facility in Suzhou is over 13,000 square meters and consists of a manufacturing base for
small molecule drug products with an annual production capacity of about 100 million tablets and capsules and
a biologics clinical development production facility with 2 x 500 liters capacity to produce biologics candidates
for clinical supply. The facility meets or exceeds design criteria of the United States, EU, and China regulatory
requirements. The facility has received a manufacturing license to produce commercial volumes of BRUKINSA
and pamiparib for the China market. As a result of our growing commercial and clinical demands, we have broken
ground on a new small molecule manufacturing facility nearby in Suzhou that will have the capability to produce up
to 600 million solid oral dosages annually. This approximately 50,000 square meter facility is expected to replace
our current Suzhou site and support our growing pipeline of small molecule medicines and drug candidates.


We continue to invest in our state-of-the-art commercial-scale manufacturing facility in Guangzhou of approximately
100,000 square meters for the manufacturing of large molecule biologics. Phases 1 and 2 of the facility were
completed in September 2019 and December 2020, respectively, with 24,000 liters of single use disposable
capacity, while Phase 3 completed construction in December 2021 that will add an additional 40,000 liters of
capacity. Phase 1 is currently approved for the end to end commercial production of tislelizumab for the China
market. Upon completion, the facility will have a total capacity of 64,000 liters. We have purchased an adjacent
tract of land to the south of the current site and are currently evaluating a fourth phase of expansion to support our
growing pipeline of large molecule medicines and drug candidates.


We are also planning to expand our biologics manufacturing capabilities to include a future manufacturing facility
in the United States and have closed on a 42-acre site at the Princeton West Innovation Park in Hopewell, New
Jersey to be developed as a new commercial-stage manufacturing and clinical R&D campus. Construction of the
initial phase is expected to commence in 2022. The property, located strategically in the Interstate 95 corridor of
New Jersey, with a deep and rich talent pool, has more than one million square feet of developable real estate for
potential future expansion to cover our existing medicines and pipeline.




38     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Contract Manufacturing Organizations


We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third-party CMOs and CROs for the
production of some drug products and drug substances and the supply of raw materials to meet the commercial,
clinical, and preclinical needs of our medicines and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that
the production qualifications, facilities, and processes of the third-party suppliers engaged by us comply with
relevant regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operational guidelines. We select our third-party
suppliers carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production
capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules,
and business terms.


We have commercial supply and related agreements with most of our manufacturing service providers. For
example, we entered into a commercial supply agreement with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”) to
produce BRUKINSA® at Catalent’s Kansas City, Missouri site for clinical and commercial use in the United States
and other countries outside of China. We currently source the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) for BRUKINSA®
from a supplier in China and are in the process of bringing online an additional source of supply outside of China.
In addition, we entered into a commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals
(China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) for tislelizumab, which is being manufactured at Boehringer Ingelheim’s
facility in Shanghai, China. Additionally, our collaboration agreements with Novartis include the right for Novartis to
manufacture tislelizumab and ociperlimab for its territory, to be managed by Novartis following tech transfer, and
our right to conduct a specified percentage of production at our planned U.S. manufacturing site, subject to the
terms of the agreements. For our commercial and clinical stage products in-licensed from Amgen, BMS and others,
we rely on the licensors and their manufacturing facilities or their CMOs for the supply of those medicines and drug
candidates.


Our agreements with the outsourced suppliers engaged by us generally set out terms, including product quality or
service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection
and acceptance criteria. We are generally allowed to return any products that fail to meet specified quality
standards. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Typically, outsourced suppliers request
settlement of payment within 30 days from the date of invoice. Either party may terminate the agreements by
serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            39
BUSINESS


We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from various suppliers who we believe have
sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities in Beijing and
Suzhou include active pharmaceutical ingredients custom-made by our third-party CROs and excipients, which are
commercially available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies.
The core raw materials used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility are genetically modified cell lines that we
have co-developed and licensed from Boehringer Ingelheim and other third parties.


We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term, dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. We pay for our purchases of raw materials on credit. Credit periods granted to us
by our suppliers generally range from 30 to 60 days. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for any defects in
our finished products.


AMGEN COLLABORATION


Collaboration Agreement


On October 31, 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered
into a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration
Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing
Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and
Taiwan) for a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in
the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA ® commencing following the
transition of operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we have the
option to retain one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties
have agreed to equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization
period. After expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be
transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net
sales in China of each product for an additional five years.




40     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global clinical development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered mid-
single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China, other than sotorasib (AMG 510), on a
product-by-product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the
expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the
country of sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, we will have the right to commercialize the product for seven
years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, we will have the
right to retain approximately one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than sotorasib (AMG
510), to commercialize for as long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year
commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to received tiered
mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to
specified exclusivity requirements in China and the rest of the world.


BeiGene, Ltd. has guaranteed certain obligations of BeiGene Switzerland under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement.


The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties.
The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant
to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon
the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or
subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial
objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event it
suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to
continue development of the pipeline product in China.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             41
BUSINESS


Share Purchase Agreement


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen (the “Amgen SPA”), we issued to Amgen
206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of BeiGene, Ltd. on January 2, 2020, representing
approximately 20.5% of our then outstanding shares, for an aggregate purchase price of US$2.78 billion, or
US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.


Pursuant to the Amgen SPA, Amgen has agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the earliest of (a) the
fourth anniversary of the closing, (b) the expiration or termination of the Collaboration Agreement and (c) a change
of control of BeiGene, Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the later of (a) the first anniversary of the date as of which it ceases
to have the right to appoint a director and (b) the date on which it holds less than 5% of our then outstanding
shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters presented for shareholder approval until
the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing and (b) the expiration of the standstill period, all under specified
circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-up period and
(ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed not to sell shares representing more than 5% of our
then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period, subject to specified exceptions. In addition, Amgen will
have the right to designate an independent director to serve on our board of directors until the earlier of (a) the
date on which Amgen holds less than 10% of our then outstanding shares as a result of Amgen’s sale of ordinary
shares or Amgen’s failure to participate in future offerings and (b) the third anniversary of the date of the expiration
or termination of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Under the terms of the Amgen SPA, Amgen will also have
specified registration rights upon expiration of the lock-up. Additionally, we have agreed to use reasonable best
efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to participate in subsequent new securities offerings upon the same
terms and conditions as other purchasers in the offering in an amount needed to allow Amgen to hold up to 20.6%
of our shares, subject to applicable law and HKEX rules and other specified conditions.




42      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


On March 17, 2020, BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Amgen SPA in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which agreement was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in
an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6%
of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s
interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i)
is exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by us under our equity
incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) is subject to annual approval by our independent shareholders each
year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen and its
affiliates collectively own less than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s
sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes
to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) December 1, 2023. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting
period.


NOVARTIS COLLABORATION


Collaboration and License Agreement for Tislelizumab


On January 11, 2021, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, entered into a Collaboration
and License Agreement, which became effective on February 26, 2021 (the “Novartis Collaboration and
License Agreement”) with Novartis, pursuant to which Novartis will have the right to develop, manufacture and
commercialize tislelizumab in the United States, Canada, Mexico, member countries of the European Union, United
Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Russia, and Japan (the “Licensed Territory”).


Under the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$650 million
from Novartis. Additionally, we are eligible to receive up to US$1.3 billion upon the achievement of regulatory
milestones, US$250 million upon the achievement of sales milestones, and tiered royalties based on percentages
of annual net sales of tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory ranging from the high-teens to high-twenties, with
customary reductions in specified circumstances. Royalties are payable on a country-by-country basis from the
time of the first commercial sale until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of
regulatory exclusivity, or 10 years after the first commercial sale of tislelizumab in the country of sale.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT        43
BUSINESS


Under the Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement, we and Novartis have agreed to jointly develop
tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period
and for commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies may conduct clinical trials to
explore potential combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments. We will be responsible for funding
the ongoing clinical trials of tislelizumab, and Novartis has agreed to fund any new registrational, bridging, or
post-marketing studies in the Licensed Territory. Subject to specified conditions, both parties have agreed to
jointly fund other new clinical trials in the Licensed Territory agreed by the parties, provided that each party will
be responsible for funding clinical trials evaluating tislelizumab in combination with its own- or third-party cancer
treatments. We will initially be responsible for supplying tislelizumab to Novartis, with Novartis having the right to
conduct manufacturing for its use in the Licensed Territory after successful transfer of the manufacturing process.
In addition, we have an option to co-detail the product in the United States, Canada and Mexico, on an indication-
by-indication basis, funded in part by Novartis. Each party retains the worldwide right to commercialize its propriety
products in combination with tislelizumab. We retain the rights to manufacture and supply a specified percentage of
commercial supply of tislelizumab from our planned U.S. manufacturing facility to be built in Hopewell, New Jersey,
subject to the terms of the agreement.


The Novartis Collaboration and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants
by the parties. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement will expire on a country-by-country basis upon expiration
of the royalty term in such country and in its entirety upon the expiration of all applicable royalty terms in all
countries in the Licensed Territory. We may terminate the agreement in its entirety upon written notice (i) if Novartis
challenges the licensed BeiGene patents, or (ii) if Novartis files a biologics license application for its anti-PD-1
antibody, spartalizumab, in the Licensed Territory, and we do not elect to include spartalizumab as a licensed
product under the agreement or Novartis does not divest the product candidate, in which case Novartis would pay
us a specified termination fee. The agreement may be terminated by Novartis upon 120 days’ prior written notice
if delivered before first commercial sale or 180 days’ prior written notice if delivered following first commercial sale
of tislelizumab in the Licensed Territory, or by either party upon the other party’s bankruptcy or uncured material
breach.




44     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


Option, Collaboration and License Agreement for Ociperlimab


On December 19, 2021, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH entered into an Option, Collaboration and License Agreement
(the “Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement”) with Novartis, pursuant to which we have granted
Novartis an exclusive time-based option to receive an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
our investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory.


Under the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$300
million from Novartis and are eligible to receive an additional payment of US$600 million or US$700 million upon
exercise by Novartis of an exclusive time-based option prior to mid-2023 or late-2023, respectively, subject to
receipt of required antitrust approval. Additionally, following option exercise, we are eligible to receive up to US$745
million upon the achievement of regulatory approval milestones, US$1.15 billion upon the achievement of sales
milestones, and tiered royalties based on percentages of annual net sales of ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory
ranging from the high-teens to mid-twenties, with customary reductions in specified circumstances. Royalties are
payable on a country-by-country basis from the time of the first commercial sale until the latest of the expiration
of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or 10 years after the first commercial sale of
ociperlimab in the country of sale.


Under the Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement, during the option period, Novartis has agreed to
initiate, conduct and fund additional global clinical trials of ociperlimab in combination with tislelizumab in selected
tumor types and we have agreed to expand enrollment in two ongoing trials. Additionally, following the option
exercise, the companies have agreed to jointly develop ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory, with Novartis sharing
development costs of global trials and responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
commercialization upon regulatory approvals in the Licensed Territory. In addition, both companies may conduct
clinical trials globally to explore potential combinations of ociperlimab with other cancer treatments. We will initially
be responsible for supplying ociperlimab to Novartis, with Novartis having the right to conduct manufacturing
for its use in the Licensed Territory after successful transfer of the manufacturing process. Following approval,
we have agreed to provide 50% of the co-detailing and co-field medical efforts in the United States and have an
option to co-detail up to 25% in Canada and Mexico, in each case funded in part by Novartis. Each party retains
the worldwide right to commercialize its proprietary products in combination with ociperlimab, as is the case with
tislelizumab under the parties’ existing collaboration agreement. We retain the rights to manufacture and supply a
specified percentage of commercial supply of ociperlimab from our planned U.S. manufacturing facility to be built in
Hopewell, New Jersey, subject to the terms of the agreement.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT             45
BUSINESS


The Novartis Option, Collaboration and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and
covenants by BeiGene and Novartis. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement will expire on a country-by-country
basis upon the expiration of the royalty term in such country. The Novartis Option, Collaboration and License
Agreement will expire in its entirety upon the expiration of all applicable royalty terms under the agreement in all
countries in the Licensed Territory. The agreement may be terminated by Novartis upon 120 days’ prior written
notice if delivered before first commercial sale or 180 days’ prior written notice if delivered following first commercial
sale of ociperlimab in the Licensed Territory, or by either party upon the other party’s bankruptcy or uncured
material breach. BeiGene may terminate the agreement in its entirety upon written notice if Novartis challenges
the licensed BeiGene patents. Either party may terminate the agreement in its entirety effective immediately upon
written notice to the other party (i) if the option terminates or expires, or (ii) in the event that the license effective
date has not occurred within six months after the date of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act filing,
subject to extension.


CELGENE LICENSE AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT


On July 5, 2017, we and Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of BMS, entered into a License and
Supply Agreement, which we refer to as the China License Agreement and which became effective on August 31,
2017, pursuant to which we were granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote BMS’s approved cancer
therapies, REVLIMID®, VIDAZA® and ABRAXANE® in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. In addition,
if Celgene decides to commercialize a new oncology product through a third party in the licensed territory during
the first five years of the term, we have a right of first negotiation to obtain the right to commercialize the product,
subject to certain conditions. We subsequently assigned the agreement to our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland.


On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE ® in China supplied to
us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China.
This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States.
Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our
license to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do
not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting
that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.




46     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


The term of the China License Agreement is 10 years and may be terminated by either party upon written notice in
the event of uncured material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, or if the underlying regulatory approvals for
the covered products are revoked. BMS also has the right to terminate the agreement with respect to REVLIMID® at
any time upon written notice to us under certain circumstances.


The China License Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and confidentiality and mutual
indemnification provisions.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our medicines, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an
important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below.
We have filed patent applications and obtained patents in the United States and other countries and regions, such
as China and Europe, relating to our medicines and certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional
patent protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We rely on trade secrets to protect
aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection,
including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-
licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our development programs.


As of January 22, 2022, we owned 40 issued U.S. patents, 24 issued China patents, a number of pending U.S.
and China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications internationally. In addition, we
owned pending international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), which we plan to file
nationally in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as additional priority PCT applications. With respect
to any issued patents in the United States and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to
extend the patent expiration date, provided that we meet the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent
term extensions. For example, in the United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five years
for one of the patents covering a drug product once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact duration of the
extension depends on the time that we spend in clinical studies as well as getting approval from the FDA. In China,
the Amended PRC Patent Law, which became effective on June 1, 2021, provides a patent term extension of up to
five years, similar to the United States.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT            47
BUSINESS


The key patents for our medicines and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of January 31, 2022, are summarized
below:


Molecule                         Territory      General Subject Matter                                   Expiration1


BRUKINSA® (Zanubrutinib)         U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2034
                                 U.S.           Use for the treatment of autoimmune diseases                   2034
                                 U.S.           Use for the treatment of B-cell proliferative disorder         2034
                                 U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2037
                                 China          Compound and composition                                       2034


Tislelizumab                     U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                 U.S.           Use for the treatment of cancer                                2033
                                 U.S.           Antibodies and use for the treatment of cancer                 2033
                                 U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                 U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2033
                                 China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                 China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                 China          Antibodies                                                     2033
                                 China          Antibodies                                                     2033


Pamiparib                        U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2031
                                 U.S.           Compound and composition                                       2031
                                 U.S.           Use for the treatment of cancer                                2031
                                 U.S.           Compositions                                                   2031
                                 U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2036
                                 U.S.           Crystalline forms                                              2038
                                 China          Compound and composition                                       2031
                                 China          Use for the treatment of cancer                                2031
                                 China          Crystalline forms                                              2036


Ociperlimab                      U.S.           Antibodies                                                     2038

(1)   The expected expiration does not include any additional term for patent term extensions.




48       BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


We currently have two in-licensed medicines in China from BMS. The key patents for them in China as of January
31, 2022 are summarized below:


Product                       Territory     General Subject Matter                                         Expiration


REVLIMID® (lenalidomide)      China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                           2023
                              China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                           2023
                              China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                           2023
                              China         Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                           2023


VIDAZA® (azacitidine)         China         No patent                                                             N/A


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize three medicines in China. The key patents
for them in China as of January 31, 2022 are summarized below:


Product                       Territory     General Subject Matter                                         Expiration


XGEVA® (denosumab)            China         Antibodies                                                          2022
BLINCYTO (blinatumomab) China
           ®
                                            No patent                                                             N/A
KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib)       China         Compound and Composition                                            2025


Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is limited.
REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® face competition from generic medications, and we may face similar competition for our
medicines and any approved drug candidates even if we successfully obtain patent protection. The scope, validity
or enforceability of our or our collaborators’ patents may be challenged in court or other authorities, and we or they
may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able
to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse effect on any potential
sales of that product. Additionally, in China, the NMPA may approve a generic version of a brand-name medicine
that still has patent protection, such as has occurred with REVLIMID®. Under our license agreements with BMS and
Amgen, they retain the responsibility for, but are not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for
these in-licensed products. As such, any issued patents may not protect us from generic or biosimilar competition
for these medicines.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT            49
BUSINESS


The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, including the United States and China, the term of an issued patent is generally 20 years from the
earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a
patent’s term may be lengthened in some cases by a patent term adjustment, which extends the term of a patent to
account for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), in excess of a patent
applicant’s own delays during the prosecution process, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed
over a commonly owned patent having an earlier expiration date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can
be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost in obtaining FDA regulatory approval. However, the
restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must
not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. In China, the Amended PRC Patent Law, which became effective on
June 1, 2021, provides both patent term adjustment and patent term extension, similar to the United States.


In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.


We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect aspects of our
technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors and invention assignment agreements
with our employees. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by
maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology
systems.


Additionally, we currently own a number of registered trademarks and pending trademark applications. We currently
have registered trademarks for BeiGene, our corporate logo and product names and logos in the United States,
China, the EU and other jurisdictions, and we are seeking further trademark protection for BeiGene, our corporate
logo, product names and logos, and other marks in jurisdictions where available and appropriate.




50        BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


COMPETITION


We operate in a highly competitive environment and our marketed products face intense competition in regulated
markets around the world. Our main competitors include other global research-based biopharmaceutical companies
as well as smaller regional and local companies. These companies participate in one or more activities including the
development, production, and promotion of products that are intended to treat diseases or indications that are like
products we currently market or are in the process of developing to market. For example:


BRUKINSA® – Conventional methods of treating lymphomas vary according to the specific disease or histology,
but generally include chemotherapy, antibodies directed at CD20, a molecular marker found on the surface of
B-cells, and, less frequently, radiation. Recently, significant progress has been made in the development of new
therapies for lymphomas, including BTK inhibitors. The BTK inhibitor IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), marketed by AbbVie
and Janssen, was first approved by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received
at least one prior therapy. Since that time, ibrutinib has been approved in over 90 countries and regions and has
expanded its indications. Another BTK inhibitor, AstraZeneca’s CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib), was approved by
the FDA in 2017 under accelerated approval for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received at least
one prior therapy, and in November 2019 for use in adults with CLL/SLL as a single agent or in combination with
obinutuzumab. In China, BRUKINSA® competes with IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), which received approval in 2017, and
YINUOKAI® (orelabrutinib) from Innocare, which was approved in 2020.


Tislelizumab – A number of PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody medicines have been approved by the FDA. These include
Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), BMS’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ® (atezolizumab),
AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Pfizer and Merck Sereno’s BAVENCIO® (avelumab), Regeneron and Sanofi’s
LIBTAYO® (cemiplimab), and GSK’s JEMPERLI® (dostarlimab). In the global setting, several PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody
agents are in late-stage clinical development in addition to tislelizumab. In China, as of February 1, 2022, there
are seven other approved PD-1 antibodies: OPDIVO® (nivolumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Junshi’s
TUOYI® (toripalimab), Innovent’s TYVYT® (sintilimab), Hengrui’s AIRUIKA® (camrelizumab), Akeso’s ANNIKE®
(penpulimab) and Gloria’s YUTUO® (zimberelimab). There are four approved PD-L1 antibody agents: AstraZeneca’s
IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ® (atezolizomab), CStone’s ZEJIEMEI® (sugemalimab) and Alphamab’s
ENWEIDA® (envafolimab). There are approximately 40 more PD-1 and PD-L1 agents in clinical development in
China.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           51
BUSINESS


Pamiparib – We are competing with multiple PARP inhibitors in China. AstraZeneca received approval for olaparib
in August 2018. Zai Labs obtained development and commercial rights for niraparib in China, and its NDA was
approved by the NMPA in December 2019. Fluzoparib from Hengrui/Hansoh was approved in December 2020.


Ociperlimab – We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies developing TIGIT antibodies, including Agenus,
Arcus, BMS, Compugen, Roche/Genentech, Innovent, iTeos Therapeutics, Merck KGaA, Mereo BioPharma,
Seagen, Junshi, Bio-Thera and Akeso. To our knowledge, there are currently no approved anti-TIGIT antibodies and
the most advanced agent is in Phase 3 development.


Many of the larger companies we compete with are well-capitalized and dedicate a significant number of financial
resources to support their research and development, while using business development to supplement their
internal pipelines. As a result, we must continuously invest and gain experience in the development, acquisition,
and marketing of innovative and branded medicines and drug candidates to compete effectively in both current and
future markets. This requires us to devote substantial funds and resources to R&D to prevent or slow the erosion of
the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development.


The main forms of competition include efficacy, safety, and cost. The long-term success of our products depends
on our ability to effectively demonstrate the value that each one of them offers to physicians, patients, and third-
party payers. This requires a much greater use of a direct sales force to realize significant revenues. We also have
and will continue to enter into co-promotion, contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties,
for example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum
market penetration.




52     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


The following section includes the most significant factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and
operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the “Management Discussion
and Analysis” section of this annual report before deciding to invest in our ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares.
The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and
RMB Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy
and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these
treatments to the exclusion of our medicines. In addition, physicians, patients and third-party payors may prefer
other novel or generic products to ours. If our medicines do not achieve and maintain an adequate level of
acceptance, the sales of our medicines may be limited and we may not generate significant product revenues and
we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our medicines will depend on a number of
factors, including:


•     the clinical indications for which our medicines are approved;


•     physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our medicines as safe and effective
      treatments;


•     government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians’
      groups, private health and science foundations, and organizations publishing guidelines and recommendations
      recommending our medicines and reimbursement;


•     the potential and perceived advantages of our medicines over alternative treatments;


•     the prevalence and severity of any side effects;


•     product labeling or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities;


•     limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by regulatory authorities;




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021       ANNUAL REPORT     53
RISK FACTORS


•    the timing of market introduction of our medicines as well as competitive medicines;


•    the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;


•    the availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government
     authorities;


•    the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and reimbursement by third-party
     payors and government authorities; and


•    the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.


If any medicines that we commercialize fail to achieve and maintain market acceptance among physicians, patients,
hospitals, third-party payors, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to
generate significant revenue. Even if our medicines achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain
that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received
than our medicines, are more cost effective or render our medicines obsolete.


We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to
market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


We first became a commercial-stage company in 2017, when we entered into a license and supply agreement with
Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a Bristol Myers Squibb company (BMS), to commercialize BMS’s approved cancer
therapies, REVLIMID®, VIDAZA® and ABRAXANE® in the China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, and
acquired BMS’s commercial operations in China, excluding certain functions.


In October 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen for its commercial-stage oncology products
XGEVA®, BLINCYTO®, KYPROLIS®, and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products,
which became effective on January 2, 2020. XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® were first approved in China in
May 2019, December 2020 and July 2021, respectively.




54     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We received the first new drug approval for one of our internally developed medicines in November 2019, for our
BTK inhibitor BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib), in the United States for the treatment of certain patients with mantle cell
lymphoma (MCL). We have also received approvals for BRUKINSA® in China for the treatment of certain patients
with MCL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) in June 2020, and in the
European Union for the treatment of certain patients with WM in November 2021. We have subsequently received
approvals in these markets for additional indications. Additionally, we have received approvals for BRUKINSA® in
Canada, Australia, the U.K., Switzerland and other markets for certain indications.


For tislelizumab, we first received approval in China in December 2019 for the treatment of certain patients with
classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma (cHL) and have received approvals in China for several more indications since.
For pamiparib, we received approval in China for the treatment of certain patients with ovarian, fallopian tube, or
primary peritoneal cancer in May 2021.


We continue to build our salesforce in the United States, China, Europe, and other countries and regions to
commercialize our internally developed and in-licensed medicines and any additional medicines or drug candidates
that we may develop or in-license, which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and
time.


We have limited experience in commercializing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. We have
limited experience in building and managing a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis,
obtaining state licenses and reimbursement, or managing distributors and a sales force for our medicines. We will
be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded sales and marketing operations.
As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize our medicines may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and
cost more than it would if we were a company with substantial experience in launching medicines.


We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain
marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing,
and commercial distribution capabilities for any or all of our medicines in any country or region, we will likely
pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our medicines. However, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so,
that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties.
We would have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from
product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our medicines ourselves. We also face competition in
our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts for our medicines.


There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully maintain internal sales
and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to
successfully commercialize any medicine, and as a result, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales
revenue.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          55
RISK FACTORS


If we are not able to continue to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will
not be able to commercialize our medicines and drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be
materially impaired.


Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United
States, to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is
safe, pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the new drug application (“NDA”) or biologics license
application (“BLA”) must include comprehensive information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls
(“CMC”) for the drug candidate. Obtaining approval of an NDA or BLA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain
process, and approval may not be obtained. If we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA, the FDA decides whether to
accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain that a submission will be accepted for filing and
review by the FDA.


We have limited experience in obtaining regulatory approvals for our drug candidates. For example, we have limited
experience in preparing the required materials for regulatory submission and navigating the regulatory approval
process. As a result, our ability to successfully submit an NDA or BLA and obtain regulatory approval for our drug
candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with
substantial experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.


Regulatory authorities outside of the United States, such as the NMPA and EMA, also have requirements for
approval of medicines for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those areas. Regulatory
requirements can vary from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our drug candidates.
Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and
obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other
country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and
additional administrative review periods. Seeking regulatory approvals outside of the United States could require
additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. The regulatory approval
process outside of the United States may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. For all of
these reasons, we may not obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.




56     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


The process to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize drug candidates is long, complex and
costly in the United States, China, Europe and other regions, and approval is never guaranteed. Even if our drug
candidates were to successfully obtain approval from regulatory authorities, any approval might significantly limit
the approved indications for use, or require that precautions, contraindications or warnings be included on the
product labeling, or require expensive and time-consuming post-approval clinical trials or surveillance as conditions
of approval. Following any approval for commercial sale of our drug candidates, certain changes to the medicine,
such as changes in manufacturing processes and additional labeling claims, may be subject to additional review
and approval by regulatory authorities. Also, regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates may be withdrawn.
If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates in one or more jurisdictions, or any approval
contains significant limitations, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of
our drug candidates will be harmed.


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


The development and commercialization of new medicines is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell drugs or are
pursuing the development of medicines for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our medicines
or developing our drug candidates. For example, BRUKINSA ®, tislelizumab and pamiparib face substantial
competition, and some of our products face or are expected to face competition from generic therapies. Potential
competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing and commercialization.


Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
medicines that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less
expensive than our medicines. Our competitors also may obtain approval from the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other
comparable regulatory authorities for their medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which
could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market and or
slow our regulatory approval.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             57
RISK FACTORS


Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved medicines than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed
prior treatments and may be small.


In markets with approved therapies, we have and expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later
stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those medicines that prove
to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second line therapy and potentially as
a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our medicines and drug candidates, even if approved, would be
approved for second-line or first-line therapy.


Our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these diseases in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our medicines and drug candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates and may prove to be
inaccurate or based on imprecise data. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence
of these cancers. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially
addressable patient population for our medicines and drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to
treatment with our medicines and drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our medicines
and drug candidates, because the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without
obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications, including use as a first- or second-line therapy.




58     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


We have limited manufacturing capability and must rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture some of
our commercial products and clinical supplies, and if they fail to meet their obligations, the development and
commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates could be adversely affected.


We have limited manufacturing capabilities and experience. Our medicines and drug candidates are composed of
multiple components and require specialized formulations for which scale-up and manufacturing can be difficult.
We have limited experience in such scale-up and manufacturing, requiring us to depend on a limited number of
third parties, who may not be able to deliver in a timely manner, or at all. In order to develop medicines and drug
candidates, apply for regulatory approvals, and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates, we will need to
develop, contract for, or otherwise arrange for the necessary manufacturing capabilities. There are risks inherent in
pharmaceutical manufacturing that could affect the ability of our contract manufacturers to meet our delivery time
requirements or provide adequate amounts of material to meet our needs.


Although we are manufacturing commercial supply of tislelizumab, zanubrutinib and pamiparib at our own
manufacturing facilities in China, and we are planning to build a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing
and clinical R&D center in New Jersey and we are constructing a new small molecule manufacturing campus in
Suzhou, China, we continue to rely on third-party manufacturers to produce some of the commercial quantities
of the internally developed and in-licensed medicines we are marketing. In addition, if any of our other drug
candidates or in-licensed medicines or drug candidates become approved for commercial sale, we will need to
expand our internal capacity or establish additional third-party manufacturing capacity. Manufacturing partner
requirements may require us to fund capital improvements, perhaps on behalf of third parties, to support the scale-
up of manufacturing and related activities. We may not be able to establish scaled manufacturing capacity for an
approved medicine in a timely or economic manner, if at all. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to
provide commercial quantities of such an approved medicine, we will have to successfully transfer manufacturing
technology to a different manufacturer. Engaging a new manufacturer or modifying manufacturing processes and
procedures for such an approved medicine could require us to conduct comparative studies or utilize other means
to determine bioequivalence of the new and prior manufacturers’ products or of products manufactured by the old
and new processes and procedures, which could delay or prevent our ability to commercialize such an approved
medicine. If we or any of these manufacturers is unable or unwilling to increase its manufacturing capacity or if we
are unable to establish alternative arrangements on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, the development and
commercialization of such an approved medicine may be delayed or there may be a shortage in supply. Any inability
to manufacture our medicines, drug candidates, in-licensed medicines and drug candidates or future approved
medicines in sufficient quantities when needed could seriously harm our business and our financial results.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT            59
RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers of our medicines must comply with good manufacturing practice (GMP) requirements enforced
by the FDA, NMPA, EMA and other comparable foreign health authorities through facilities inspection programs.
These requirements include quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation.
Manufacturers of our approved medicines may be unable to comply with these GMP requirements and with other
FDA, NMPA, EMA, state, and foreign regulatory requirements. A failure to comply with these requirements may
result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product
seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any quantities supplied is compromised due to
a manufacturer’s failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for or successfully commercialize our medicines, which would seriously harm our business. For example,
on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to
us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China.
This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States.
Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our
license to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do
not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting
that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.


If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to achieve
and maintain coverage and adequate level of reimbursement, our commercial success and business operations
could be adversely affected.


Our ability or the ability of any third parties with which we collaborate to commercialize our medicines successfully
will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these medicines is available on adequate terms, or
at all, from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. In the
United States and markets in other countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part
of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Sales
of our medicines will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs
of our medicines will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare
management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage
insurers and other third-party payors. Without third-party payor reimbursement, patients may not be able to obtain
or afford prescribed medications. Third-party payors also are seeking to encourage the use of generic or biosimilar
products or entering into sole source contracts with healthcare providers, which could effectively limit the coverage
and level of reimbursement for our medicines and have an adverse impact on the market access or acceptance of
our medicines. In addition, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided to prescribing physicians by third
party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians’ willingness and ability to prescribe our
products.




60     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-
party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular
medications.


In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors.
As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party
payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific,
clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our medicines on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance
that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. The principal decisions about reimbursement for new
medicines are typically made by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (the “CMS”). They decide whether
and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to
follow CMS to a substantial degree. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether
the product is: a covered benefit under its health plan; safe, effective and medically necessary; appropriate for the
specific patient; cost-effective; and neither experimental nor investigational.


Coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA or comparable
regulatory authorities in other countries. Even if we obtain coverage for a given medicine, the resulting
reimbursement rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments
that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate
reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our medicines. Patients are
unlikely to use our medicines unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant
portion of the cost of the medicine. Because some of our medicines and drug candidates have a higher cost of
goods than conventional therapies and may require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that coverage and
reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.


Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from
countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are
requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging
the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product
candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many
pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as
average sales price (ASP) and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted
accurately and timely. Further, these prices for medicines may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates
required by government healthcare programs.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT        61
RISK FACTORS


In China, drug prices are typically lower than in the United States and Europe, and until recently, the market has
been dominated by generic drugs. Government authorities regularly review the inclusion or removal of medicines
from China’s National Drug Catalog for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity
Insurance, or the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), or provincial or local medical insurance
catalogues for the National Medical Insurance Program, and the tier under which a medicine will be classified,
both of which affect the amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those medicines.
There can be no assurance that our medicines and any approved drug candidates will be included in the NRDL or
provincial reimbursements lists, or if they are, that they will be included at a price that allows us to be commercially
successful. Products included in the NRDL have typically been generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs
similar to our medicines and drug candidates have historically been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL
due to the affordability of the government’s Basic Medical Insurance, although this has been changing in recent
years. For example, BRUKINSA®, tislelizumab, pamiparib and XGEVA® have been included in the NRDL, While the
demand for these medicines has generally increased after inclusion in the NRDL, there can be no assurance that
demand will continue to increase and such increases will be sufficient to offset the reduction in the prices and our
margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We prepare for the NRDL negotiations in China for our eligible medicines/indications annually. If any of these
medicines/indications are not included in the NRDL, the revenues for such medicines could be limited, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such medicines
are included in the NRDL, they may be included at prices that are significantly lower than our current prices,
reducing our margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any medicine that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any medicine which we commercialize.
Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our medicines may be particularly difficult because of the higher
prices often associated with medicines administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not
available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any medicine and
drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved medicines, and coverage may be more
limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for
reimbursement does not imply that any medicine will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs,
including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new medicines, if
applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary
according to the use of the medicine and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost medicines that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other
services. Net prices for medicines may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict imports of
medicines from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Our inability to promptly
obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our medicines
and any new medicines that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results,
and our overall financial condition.



62     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


We intend to seek approval to market our medicines and drug candidates in the United States, China, Europe and
in other jurisdictions. In some countries, such as those in Europe, the pricing of drugs and biologics is subject
to governmental control, which can take considerable time even after obtaining regulatory approval. Market
acceptance and sales of our medicines will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and
reimbursement from third-party payors for our medicines and may be affected by existing and future health care
reform measures.


We may be subject to anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse
laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions, which
could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished
sales.


Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any
products for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud
and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act (FCA),
and physician payment sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we are subject to patient privacy regulation by both the
federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.


Additionally, we are subject to state equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others,
some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare services reimbursed by any third-party
payor, not just governmental payors, but also private insurers. These laws are enforced by various state agencies
and through private actions. Some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply
with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct that restrict the payments made to healthcare providers and
other potential referral sources. Several states and local laws also impose other marketing restrictions or require
pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state, require drug manufacturers to
report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers,
and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. State laws also govern the privacy and
security of health information in some circumstances. These data privacy and security laws may differ from each
other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, which may complicate compliance efforts. There
are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we fail to comply with an
applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT            63
RISK FACTORS


Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal FCA as well as under the false claims laws of several
states. Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of
fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these
laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that
our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will
involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices
may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or
other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible
exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages,
individual imprisonment, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring
of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate
integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws.


In addition, the approval, commercialization, and other activities for our medicines and drug candidates outside the
United States subjects us to non-U.S. equivalents of the healthcare laws such as those mentioned above, among
other non-U.S. laws. As with the state equivalents mentioned above, some of these non-U.S. laws may be broader
in scope. Data privacy and security laws and regulations in non-U.S. jurisdictions may also be more stringent than
those in the United States, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Data Security Law of the
PRC, and the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC.


If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we do business are found to be not in compliance
with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from
government funded healthcare programs, which may adversely affect our business.




64     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


We have operations in the United States, China, Europe, and other markets and plan to expand in these and
new markets on our own or with collaborators, which exposes us to risks of conducting business in international
markets.


We are currently developing and commercializing or plan to commercialize our medicines in international markets,
including China, Europe and other markets outside of the United States, either on our own or with third party
collaborators or distributors. Our international business relationships subject us to additional risks that may
materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:


•     efforts to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties in connection with our
      international sales, marketing and distribution efforts may increase our expenses or divert our management’s
      attention from the acquisition or development of drug candidates;


•     difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;


•     potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;


•     unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of normal trade
      status between China and the United States or actions taken by U.S. or China governmental authorities on
      companies with significant operations in the U.S. and China, such as us;


•     economic weakness, including inflation;


•     compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling abroad;


•     the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;


•     currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;


•     workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;


•     failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
      regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws; and


•     business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, disease
      or public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes,
      typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires.


These and other risks may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue in international markets.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT       65
RISK FACTORS


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our medicines or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.


Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our medicines, which do not meet our
or our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit
medicine may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer
harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit medicines sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition,
thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in – transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold
through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates


We depend substantially on the success of the clinical development of our medicines and drug candidates. If
we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize
our medicines and drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially
harmed.


Our business depends on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our medicines
and other drug candidates we may develop. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial
resources in the development of our medicines and drug candidates. The success of our medicines and drug
candidates depends on several factors, including:


•    successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials, as well as completion of preclinical studies;


•    favorable safety and efficacy data from our clinical trials and other studies;


•    receipt of regulatory approvals;


•    the performance by CROs or other third parties we may retain of their duties to us in a manner that complies
     with our protocols and applicable laws and that protects the integrity of the resulting data;


•    obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory
     exclusivity;


•    ensuring that we do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the valid patent, trade secret or other
     intellectual property rights of third parties;


•    successfully launching our medicines and drug candidates, if and when approved;




66     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


•     obtaining favorable reimbursement from third-party payors for our medicines and drug candidates, if and
      when approved;


•     competition with other products;


•     continued acceptable safety profile following regulatory approval; and


•     manufacturing or obtaining sufficient supplies of our medicines, drug candidates and any competitor
      drug products that may be necessary for use in clinical trials for evaluation of our drug candidates and
      commercialization of our medicines.


If we do not achieve and maintain one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience
significant delays in our ability or be unable to obtain additional regulatory approvals for and/or to successfully
commercialize our medicines and drug candidates, which would materially harm our business and we may not be
able to generate sufficient revenues and cash flows to continue our operations.


Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier
studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain.
Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical
trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim
results of a trial may not be predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to
show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical
trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials
of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols,
differences in the size and type of the patient populations, including genetic differences, patient adherence to the
dosing regimen and other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the
case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites
and additional countries involved in such trials. A number of companies in our industry have suffered significant
setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising
results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be favorable.


Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable efficacy and durability of anti-tumor responses, not all patients
may benefit. For certain drugs, including checkpoint inhibitors, and in certain indications, it is likely that the majority
of patients may not respond to the agents at all, some responders may relapse after a period of response, and
certain tumor types may appear particularly resistant.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT             67
RISK FACTORS


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous unexpected
events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval
or commercialize our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards (IRBs), or
ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at
a prospective trial site; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with CROs and trial sites, the terms of
which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly; manufacturing issues, including problems
with manufacturing, supply quality, compliance with GMP, or obtaining sufficient quantities of a drug candidate
for use in a clinical trial or for commercialization; clinical trials of our drug candidates may produce negative or
inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or
abandon drug development programs; the number of patients required for clinical trials of our drug candidates may
be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or patients may drop out at
a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors, including clinical investigators, may fail to comply with
regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; we might have to
suspend or terminate clinical trials of our drug candidates for various reasons, including a finding of a lack of clinical
response or other unexpected characteristics or a finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable
health risks; regulators, IRBs or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate
clinical research or not rely on the results of clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with
regulatory requirements; the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and
the supply or quality of our medicines and drug candidates, companion diagnostics or other materials necessary
to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates or commercialization of our medicines may be insufficient or
inadequate.


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may:




68     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


•    be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates;


•    not obtain regulatory approval at all;


•    obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended;


•    have the drug removed from the market after obtaining regulatory approval;


•    be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements;


•    be subject to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or


•    be unable to obtain reimbursement or obtain reimbursement at a commercially viable level for use of the drug.


Significant clinical trial, manufacturing or regulatory delays may also increase our development costs and could
shorten any periods during which we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow
our competitors to bring drugs to market before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug
candidates and may harm our business and results of operations.


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We have and may
continue to experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the
size and nature of the patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, competition from
competing companies, and natural disasters or public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic.


Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to
us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being
conducted by one of our competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is
limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors
use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Even
if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result
in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent
completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             69
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with such
regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


All jurisdictions in which we conduct or intend to conduct our pharmaceutical-industry activities regulate these
activities in great depth and detail. We are currently focusing our activities in the major markets of the United States,
China, Europe, and other select countries. These geopolitical areas all strictly regulate the pharmaceutical industry,
and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of product development and
approval, manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the
regulatory regimes-some minor, some significant-that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance
burden for a company like ours that plans to operate in each of these regions. Additionally, the NMPA’s reform of
the medicine and approval system may face implementation challenges. The timing and full impact of such reforms
is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing our medicines and drug candidates in a timely manner.


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with appropriate laws and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements
at any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject us to
administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending
applications, withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations
could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the
importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled
by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s
contract manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice
to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had
any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE®. We have
initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues to breach the terms
and conditions of the license and supply agreement. Additionally, although we have obtained regulatory approvals
of our medicines, regulatory authorities could suspend or withdraw these approvals. In order to market approved
products in any given jurisdiction, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such
jurisdiction regarding safety, efficacy and quality. In any event, the receipt of regulatory approval does not assure
the success of our commercialization efforts for our medicines.




70     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to
obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially harmed.


The time required to obtain approval by the FDA, the NMPA, the EMA, and other comparable regulatory authorities
is unpredictable and typically takes many years following the commencement of preclinical studies and clinical trials
and depends on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.


Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:


•    failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;


•    failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
     and potent for its proposed indication;


•    failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;


•    reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;


•    disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;


•    changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
     or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;


•    regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
     regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
     candidates or other products;


•    failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
     requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;


•    a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory inspections of our development activities,
     regulatory filings or manufacturing operations, whether as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other
     reasons, or our failure to satisfactorily complete such inspections;


•    our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
     and


•    clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
     conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority may require more information, including additional
preclinical, CMC, and/or clinical data, to support approval, which may delay or prevent approval and our
commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the development program.



                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT         71
RISK FACTORS


Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial
protocols submitted to applicable regulatory authorities to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to
resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing
or successful completion of a clinical trial.


If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates, the
commercial prospects of that drug candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from
that drug candidate will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs,
slow down our drug development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales
and generate revenues for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition
and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or
completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates.


Our development activities, regulatory filings and manufacturing operations also could be harmed or delayed
by a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the FDA, or governments and regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions. As of May 2021, the FDA noted it is continuing to ensure timely reviews of applications for medical
products during the COVID-19 pandemic in line with its user fee performance goals. In July 2020, the FDA noted
that it is continuing to expedite oncology product development with its staff teleworking full-time. However, the
FDA may not be able to continue its current pace and approval timelines could be extended, including where a
pre-approval inspection or an inspection of clinical sites is required and due to the COVID-19 pandemic and travel
restrictions FDA is unable to complete such required inspections during the review period. The FDA has developed
a rating system to assist in determining when and where it is safest to conduct prioritized domestic inspections.
In May 2021, certain inspections, such as foreign preapproval, surveillance, and for-cause inspections that are
not deemed mission-critical, remain temporarily suspended. In April 2021, the FDA issued guidance for industry
formally announcing plans to employ remote interactive evaluations, using risk management methods, to meet
user fee commitments and goal dates and in May 2021, announced plans to continue progress toward resuming
standard operation levels. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval and an inspection
cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a
remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the agency has stated that it generally intends to issue a complete
response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. In July 2021, the FDA issued
a Q&A to further illustrate the actions that it may take when it cannot inspect a facility due to factors including
travel restrictions. In 2020 and 2021, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due
to the FDA’s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the
U.S. may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and
may experience delays in their regulatory activities. If the FDA or other health authorities are delayed or unable
to complete required regulatory inspections of our development activities, regulatory filings or manufacturing
operations, or we do not satisfactorily complete such inspections, our business could be materially harmed.




72      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
including in China. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted
at all. The FDA will generally not consider the data from a foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND unless (i)
the trial was well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, including requirements for
the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials in a way
that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, safety, and
well-being of trial subjects are protected, and (ii) the FDA is able to validate the data from the trial through an onsite
inspection, if necessary. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the sole basis for
marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone
unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed
by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need
for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such as inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able
to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial
requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering must be met. Many foreign
regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the
applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that
the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S.
or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data,
it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in
drug candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction.


Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
medicines and drug candidates.


Our medicines and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping,
conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-marketing information,
including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable regulatory
authorities in China, Europe and other regions. As such, we and our collaborators will be subject to ongoing review
and periodic inspections to assess compliance with applicable post-approval regulations. Additionally, to the extent
we want to make certain changes to the approved medicines, product labeling, or manufacturing processes, we will
need to submit new applications or supplements to regulatory authorities for approval.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             73
RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the United States, ensuring that quality control and
manufacturing procedures conform to GMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will
be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments
made in any NDA or BLA, other marketing application, and previous responses to any inspection observations.
Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of
regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. The failure to comply with these
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA
suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was
subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally, in October 2021,
BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE®
in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from
ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues
to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.


The regulatory approvals for our medicines and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and
may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the medicine may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, which could adversely affect the medicine’s commercial potential or contain requirements
for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the medicine or
drug candidate. The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may also require a REMS program
or comparable program as a condition of approval of our drug candidates or following approval, as is the case
with REVLIMID®. In addition, if the FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority approves our drug
candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including, for example, submissions of safety and other post-
marketing information and reports, establishment registration, as well as continued compliance with GMP and good
clinical practice (GCP) for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or withdraw
marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the drug
reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our medicines or drug candidates or
with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions
to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to
assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other
potential consequences include, among other things:


•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our medicines, withdrawal of the product from the market,
     or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;


•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;


•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;




74     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our medicines and drug candidates;
     and


•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications
and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA,
NMPA, EMA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted
that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in
the United States or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly evolving. If we are
slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if
we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.


In addition, if we obtain accelerated approval or conditional approval of any of our drug candidates, as we have
done with the accelerated approval of BRUKINSA® in the United States and China and certain approvals of
tislelizumab, pamiparib, XGEVA®, BLINCYTO®, KYPROLIS® and QARZIBA® in China, we will be required to conduct
a confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also be required to conduct post-marketing
safety studies. Other comparable regulatory authorities may have similar requirements. The results from the
confirmatory study may not support the clinical benefit, which could result in the approval being withdrawn. While
operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions that we would not be subject to
upon receiving regular approval.


Even if we are able to commercialize our medicines and any approved drug candidates, the medicines may
become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform
initiatives, which could harm our business.


The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new therapeutic products vary
widely from country to country. Historically, products launched in Europe do not follow price structures of the
U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Countries in Europe provide options to restrict the range
of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the
prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries
may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate
to currently available therapies. Countries may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead
adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on
the market.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT            75
RISK FACTORS


Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries,
the pricing review period begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In some non-U.S. markets,
prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval
is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a drug in a particular country, but then be subject to
price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the drug and negatively impact our revenues and results of
operations.


Our ability to commercialize our medicines successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which
reimbursement for these medicines and related treatments will be available on adequate terms, or at all, from
government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. See “－Risks Related
to Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates — If we or any third parties with which we may
collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to achieve and maintain coverage and adequate level of
reimbursement, our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.”


Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from
countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are
requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the
prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any medicine that
we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical
manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as ASP and best
price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further,
these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs.


Furthermore, there continues to be scrutiny from federal and state governments over the way drug manufacturers
set prices for their marketed products. For example, there are ongoing Congressional investigations, legislation, and
regulations to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, set patient spending caps for Medicare
beneficiaries, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and
manufacturer’s patient programs, reform federal and state government program reimbursement methodologies
for drug products, allow importation of lower-priced drugs from Canada, and set prices based on international
reference pricing in other countries. While some of these measures can be done through agency rulemaking, most
will require statutory changes by Congress. While addressing drug pricing and patient affordability remains a top
priority for Congress, it remains to be seen if any agreement can be reached on a legislative solution. It is therefore
unclear if any regulations or legislation will be enacted to implement changes to drug pricing or federal and state
government reimbursement programs or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug
candidates, if any, may be.




76     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


In China, the government launched a national program for volume-based, centralized drug procurement with
minimum quantity commitments in an attempt to negotiate lower prices from drug manufacturers and reduce
the price of drugs. Under the program, one of the key determining factors for a successful bid is the price.
The government will award a contract to the lowest bidders who are able to satisfy the quality and quantity
requirements. The successful bidders will be guaranteed a sale volume for at least a year. A volume guarantee
gives the winner an opportunity to gain or increase market share. The volume guarantee is intended to make
manufacturers more willing to cut their prices to win a bid. It may also enable manufacturers to lower their
distribution and commercial costs. Many types of drugs are covered under the program, including drugs made by
international pharmaceutical companies and generics made by domestic Chinese manufacturers. For example, in
January 2020, ABRAXANE® and its generic forms were included in the program. We won the bid and became one
of the three companies who were awarded a government contract, with a price for sales of ABRAXANE® under the
government contract that would have been significantly lower than the price that we had been charging. On March
25, 2020, the NHSA removed ABRAXANE® from the volume-based procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision
to suspend the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE®, which has adversely impacted our business and results
of operations. In August 2020, VIDAZA® and its generic forms were included for bidding in the program. We did
not win the bid for VIDAZA®, which has resulted in the drug being restricted from use in public hospitals, which
account for a large portion of the market, and a decline in sales revenue. Moreover, the program may change how
generic drugs are priced and procured in China and is likely to accelerate the replacement of originator drugs with
generics. We cannot be sure whether there will be any changes to the program in the future. The implementation of
the program may negatively impact our existing commercial operations in China as well as our strategies on how to
commercialize our drugs in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from
list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement
will be available for any medicine that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of
reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any medicine which we
commercialize. Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our medicines may be particularly difficult because of
the higher prices often associated with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement
is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any drug and
drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.


We intend to seek approval to market our drug candidates in the United States, China, Europe and in other
jurisdictions. In some non-U.S. countries, for example those in Europe, the pricing of drugs and biologics is subject
to governmental control, which can take considerable time even after obtaining regulatory approval. Market
acceptance and sales of our medicines will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and
reimbursement from third-party payors for drugs and may be affected by existing and future health care reform
measures.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT            77
RISK FACTORS


Although China adopted changes to its patent law to include patent term extension and an early resolution
mechanism for pharmaceutical patent disputes starting in June 2021, key provisions of the law remain unclear
and/or subject to implementing regulations. The absence of effective regulatory exclusivity for pharmaceutical
products in China could further increase the risk of early generic or biosimilar competition with our medicines in
China.


In the United States, a law commonly referred to as “Hatch-Waxman” provides the opportunity for patent-term
restoration of up to five years to reflect patent term lost during certain portions of product development and
the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman law also provides for patent linkage, pursuant to which
FDA will stay approval of certain follow-on new drug applications during the pendency of litigation between the
follow-on applicant and the patent holder or licensee, for a period of up to 30 months. Finally, the Hatch-Waxman
law provides for regulatory exclusivity that can prevent submission or approval of certain follow-on marketing
applications. For example, U.S. law provides a five-year period of exclusivity to the first applicant to obtain approval
of a new chemical entity and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations to previously approved active
ingredients where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical trials to obtain approval for the modification.
Similarly, the Orphan Drug Act provides seven years of market exclusivity for certain drugs to treat rare diseases.
These provisions, which are designed to promote innovation, can prevent competing products from entering the
market for a certain period of time after marketing approval for the innovative product.


In China, however, laws on data exclusivity (referred to as regulatory data protection) are still developing. The PRC
Patent Law (as amended in 2020, the “Amended PRC Patent Law”), which became effective on June 1, 2021,
contains both patent term extension and a mechanism for early resolution of patent disputes. Accordingly, NMPA
and NIPA jointly issued the Implementation Measures for the Early Settlement Mechanism of Drug Patent Disputes
(for Trial Implementation), which became effective on July 4, 2021. However, the provisions for patent term
extension are unclear and/or remain subject to the approval of implementing regulations that are still in draft form or
have not yet been proposed, leading to uncertainty about their scope and implementation.


Until the relevant implementing regulations for patent term extension in the Amended PRC Patent Law are
implemented, and until data exclusivity is adopted and implemented, we may be subject to earlier generic or
biosimilar competition in China than in the United States and other jurisdictions with stronger regulatory data
protection for pharmaceutical products.




78       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


The manufacturing facilities for our medicines and drug candidates are subject to rigorous regulations and
failure to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals or operate in line with established GMPs and international best
practices could delay or impair our ability to commercialize our medicines or drug candidates.


We and the third-party manufacturers of our medicines and drug candidates are subject to applicable GMPs
prescribed by the FDA and other rules and regulations prescribed by the NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities. To obtain FDA, NMPA and EMA approval for our drug candidates in the United States, China and
Europe, we need to undergo strict pre-approval inspections of our or our third-party manufacturing facilities
located in China and elsewhere. Historically, some manufacturing facilities in China have had difficulty meeting
the FDA’s, NMPA’s or EMA’s standards. When inspecting our or our contractors’ manufacturing facilities, the
FDA, NMPA or EMA might cite GMP deficiencies, both minor and significant, which we may not be required to
disclose. Remediating deficiencies can be laborious and costly and consume significant periods of time. Moreover,
if the FDA, NMPA or EMA notes deficiencies as a result of its inspection, it will generally reinspect the facility to
determine if the deficiency has been remediated to its satisfaction. The FDA, NMPA or EMA may note further
deficiencies as a result of its reinspection, either related to the previously identified deficiency or otherwise. If we
or the manufacturers of our drug candidates cannot satisfy the FDA, NMPA and EMA as to compliance with GMP
on a timely basis, marketing approval for our drug candidates could be seriously delayed, which in turn would
delay commercialization of our drug candidates, or we may not be able to commercialize our medicines or drug
candidates.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our medicines and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.


Undesirable adverse events (AEs) caused by our medicines and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval, or could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of
our trials or patient experience following approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our
trials could be suspended or terminated and regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of,
or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.


As is typical in the development of pharmaceutical products, drug-related AEs and serious AEs (SAEs) have
been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these events have led to patient deaths. Drug-related AEs or SAEs
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial and could result in product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial condition and prospects
significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and our press releases and scientific and
medical presentations released from time to time we disclose clinical results for our drug candidates, including
the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as of the date of the data cutoff used in such
report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless required by applicable law. Also, a number
of immune-related adverse events (IRAEs) have been associated with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors such
as tislelizumab, including immune-mediated pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal
dysfunction, skin adverse reactions, and encephalitis. These IRAEs may be more common in certain patient
populations (potentially including elderly patients) and may be exacerbated when checkpoint inhibitors are
combined with other therapies.



                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             79
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our medicines and drug candidates, or caused by our medicines
and drug candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative
consequences, including:


•    regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;


•    we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the medicine;


•    regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the medicine, or we may determine to do
     so even if not required;


•    regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;


•    we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy (REMS) for the drug, as is the case
     with REVLIMID®, or, if a REMS is already in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or
     to develop a similar strategy as required by a regulatory authority;


•    we may be required to conduct post-marketing studies; and


•    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.


Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our medicines,
we may be unable to market such medicine or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages,
and our business could be materially harmed.


We plan to develop certain of our medicines and drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If a regulatory
authority revokes its approval of the other therapeutic that we use in combination with our medicines or drug
candidates, we will not be able to market our medicines or drug candidates in combination with such revoked
therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our
medicines and drug candidates in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be
required to redesign or terminate the applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result
in a supply shortage of any component of our combination medicines or drug candidates, we may not be able
to complete clinical development of our drug candidates on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience
disruptions in the commercialization of our approved medicines. For example, we have in-licensed drug candidates
from third parties to conduct clinical trials in combination with our drug candidates. We may rely on those third
parties to manufacture the in-licensed drug candidates and may not have control over their manufacturing process.
If these third parties encounter any manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays and are not able to supply
sufficient quantities of drug candidates, our drug combination study program may be delayed.




80     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain regulatory approval
of and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and affect the prices we may obtain.


In the United States, China, Europe and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and
regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of
our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our medicines
and any drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. We expect that healthcare reform measures may
result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any
approved medicine. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in
a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other
healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our
medicines and drug candidates.


Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and
promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will
be enacted, or whether any regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such
changes on the regulatory approvals of our medicines and drug candidates may be.


For example, in the United States, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative
challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act (the “ACA”), and there could be additional challenges
and amendments to the ACA in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital


We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
losses for the foreseeable future and may not become profitable.


Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly capital-intensive and speculative. It entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or become
commercially viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we
have incurred losses in each period since our inception, except in the third quarter of 2017 and the first quarter
of 2021, when we were profitable due to revenue recognized from an up-front license fee from collaboration
agreements. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of US$5.0 billion. Substantially all of our
operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and
from selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             81
RISK FACTORS


We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase in the near
term as we continue and expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and
our manufacturing facilities, commercialize our medicines and launch new medicines, if approved, maintain and
expand regulatory approvals, contribute up to US$1.25 billion to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen
pipeline assets under our collaboration agreement, and commercialize the medicines that we have licensed from
Amgen, BMS and other parties and any other medicines that we may successfully develop or license. Typically,
it takes many years to develop one new drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating
patients. In addition, we will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. We will also
incur costs in support of our growth as a commercial-stage global biotechnology company. The size of our future
net losses will depend, in part, on the number and scope of our drug development programs and the associated
costs of those programs, the cost of our manufacturing activities, the cost of commercializing our approved
products, our ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones and other payments we make
or receive with arrangements with third parties. If we fail to achieve market acceptance for our medicines or any
of our drug candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to achieve market
acceptance, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to
sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of
our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.


We have limited experience in obtaining regulatory approvals and commercializing pharmaceutical products,
which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance.


We have limited experience in completing large-scale, pivotal or registrational clinical trials and obtaining,
maintaining or expanding regulatory approvals for our medicines and drug candidates. Additionally, we have
limited experience in manufacturing, sales, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. We became a
commercial-stage company in 2017, with the in-license of medicines in China from BMS, and received the first
approvals for our internally developed drug candidates in late 2019 in the United States, in 2020 in China, and
in 2021 in Europe. Our limited experience operating as a commercial-stage company may make it difficult to
evaluate our current business and reliably predict our future performance. We may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. If we do not address these risks and
difficulties successfully, our business will suffer.




82      BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


Our portfolio of drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and
availability of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can
provide us with product sales revenue. Additionally, we are investing in the manufacturing and commercialization
of our approved medicines. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our
operating activities used US$1.3 billion, US$1.3 billion and US$750.3 million of net cash during the years ended
December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from operating activities
in 2021, 2020 and 2019 primarily due to our net losses of US$1.4 billion, US$1.6 billion and US$950.6 million,
respectively. Although we recorded positive net cash flows from operating activities in 2017, primarily due to the
upfront fees received from the BMS collaboration, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate positive
cash flows from operating activities in the future.


Our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by the negative net cash flows, and
we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our operations. If we resort to
other financing activities to generate additional cash, we will incur financing costs and we cannot guarantee that we
will be able to obtain the financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we raise financing by issuing further
equity securities your interest in our company may be diluted. If we have negative operating cash flows in the
future, our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.


We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on drug discovery, advancing the clinical development of our
drug candidates, contributing to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen pipeline assets, developing our
manufacturing capabilities and securing drug supply, and launching and commercializing our and our collaborators’
medicines and any additional drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, including building and
maintaining a commercial organization to address markets in China, the United States and other countries.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT            83
RISK FACTORS


Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of medicines in China licensed from BMS, and
since the fourth quarter of 2019, we have generated revenues from our internally developed medicines. These
revenues are not sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity requirements,
based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, we believe
that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments may not be sufficient to enable us to complete
all global development or launch all of our current medicines and drug candidates for the currently anticipated
indications and to invest in additional programs. Accordingly, we may require further funding through public or
private offerings, debt financing, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources. Our forecast of the
period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-
looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of
factors, including the factors discussed elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section. We have based this estimate on
assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we
currently expect. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including:


•    our ability to successfully market our approved medicines;


•    the progress, timing, scope and costs of our clinical trials, including the ability to timely enroll patients in our
     planned and potential future clinical trials;


•    the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals of our drug candidates;


•    the number and characteristics of medicines and drug candidates that we may in-license and develop;


•    the amount and timing of the development, milestone and royalty payments we receive from our collaborators;


•    the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property
     rights;


•    selling and marketing costs associated with our medicines and any future drug candidates that may be
     approved, including the cost and timing of expanding our marketing and sales capabilities;


•    the terms and timing of any potential future collaborations, licensing or other arrangements that we may
     establish;


•    cash requirements of any future acquisitions, licensing and/or the development of other medicines and drug
     candidates;


•    the cost and timing of development and completion of commercial-scale internal or outsourced manufacturing
     activities; and


•    our headcount growth and associated costs.




84     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise
capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and
development programs or commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain additional funding when we need it
could seriously harm our business.


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.


We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect your rights as a holder of our shares. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance
of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain
additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity,
limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that
could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of additional equity securities, or
the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. In the event that we enter
into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable
terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug
candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future
potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.


We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We do not regularly engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates
between particular foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A decline in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies
in countries in which we operate could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We cannot predict the
impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future may adversely affect our
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.


The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy proposed or adopted by
the PRC, Australia and other governments. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC, Australia, other
governments outside the U.S. and U.S. government policies may impact the exchange rate of RMB and the U.S.
dollar or any other currencies in the future. There remains significant international pressure on the China to adopt a
more flexible currency policy, which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT             85
RISK FACTORS


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our
operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for
dividends or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative
effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.


In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain the Chinese government approval before converting
significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All of these factors could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, and could reduce the value of, and any dividends
payable on, our shares in foreign currency terms.


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of,
or defaults by, our distributors and customers, and an impairment in the carrying value of our short-term
investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.


We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase, as will the breadth of the entities to which
we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific distributors and customers
that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult
to detect or foresee.


Also, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent the
maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents of US$4.4 billion, restricted cash of
US$7.2 million and short-term investments of US$2.2 billion at December 31, 2021, most of which are deposited
in financial institutions outside of China. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR
Offering must be used in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus for the STAR
Offering as well as our proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board of directors.
Although our cash and cash equivalents in China are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions,
the deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the
event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full. As of
December 31, 2021, our short-term investments consisted of U.S. Treasury securities.


Although we believe that the U.S. Treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit
worthiness of these institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the U.S. market, could lead to
significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.




86     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates through
intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights is not sufficiently broad, third
parties may compete against us.


Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our medicines, drug candidates and proprietary
technology from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including
patent rights. We seek to protect the medicines, drug candidates and technology that we consider commercially
important by filing patent applications in the United States, the PRC, Europe and other territories, relying on trade
secrets or pharmaceutical regulatory protection or employing a combination of these methods. This process
is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all
necessary or desirable patents and/or patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. As a result,
we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive drugs in all such
fields and territories.


Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of reasons, including known
or unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty of the underlying invention or
technology. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output
in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with
parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our
employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors
and any other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a
patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of
discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United
States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases, not at all.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending
patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, the PRC
and the United States have adopted the “first-to-file” system under which whoever first files a patent application
will be awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. Under the first-to-file system, third parties
may be granted a patent relating to a technology which we invented.


In addition, under the PRC Patent Law, any organization or individual that applies for a patent in a foreign country
for an invention or utility model accomplished in China is required to report to the National Intellectual Property
Administration, or NIPA, for security examination. Otherwise, if an application is later filed in China, the patent right
will not be granted.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT             87
RISK FACTORS


The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope
can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we license or own currently or in the future issue
as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors
or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition,
the patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex
legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance,
scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain.


The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents
may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States, PRC and other countries. We may be subject
to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”)
or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review, or
interference proceedings or similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions challenging our patent rights or the patent
rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope
of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our medicines or drug candidates and
compete directly with us without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize medicines
or drug candidates without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party patent rights. Moreover,
we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention
or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of
our invention or other features of patentability of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result
in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable,
which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and
products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology, medicines, and drug candidates. Such
proceedings also may result in substantial costs and require significant time from our scientists and management,
even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our medicines or
drug candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other
third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in
a non-infringing manner.


Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is
limited. For example, the approved cancer therapies we have licensed from BMS in China face competition from
generic medications, and we may face similar competition for our approved medicines even if we successfully
obtain patent protection. Manufacturers of generic drugs may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of
our patents, and we may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a
result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse
effect on any potential sales of that product. The issued patents and pending patent applications, if issued, for
our medicines and drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as described in “Business-Intellectual
Property” of our Annual Report. Upon the expiration of our issued patents or patents that may issue from our
pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert such patent rights against potential competitors and our
business and results of operations may be adversely affected.




88     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates,
patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug candidates are
commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us with sufficient rights to
exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Moreover, some of our patents and
patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with or licensed from third parties. If we are unable to
obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners’ interest in such patents or patent applications, such
co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors
could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-
owners or the licensors of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation
may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position,
business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects.


We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. If we fail to adequately
protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be impaired and our business could be
materially harmed.


Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drugs or drug candidates in all countries throughout
the world could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our intellectual property rights in some countries can have
a different scope and strength than in the United States. In addition, the laws of certain countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws do. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent
third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing
drugs made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our
technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own drugs and further,
may export otherwise infringing drugs to non-U.S. jurisdictions where we have patent protection, but where
enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These drugs may compete with our medicines
and drug candidates and our patent rights or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or adequate
to prevent them from competing. In addition, we may not be able to enforce patents that we in-license from third
parties, who may delay or decline to enforce patents in the licensed territory.


We currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be
the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the
same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our primary brands, we may be required to
change our brand names, which could materially adversely affect our business. Moreover, as our products mature,
our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors will increase, and as a result, if we are
unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or
otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.


Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in
certain jurisdictions, including China. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents,
trade secrets and other intellectual property, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could
make it difficult in those jurisdictions for us to stop the infringement or misappropriation of our patents or other
intellectual property rights, or the marketing of competing drugs in violation of our proprietary rights.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT          89
RISK FACTORS


We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be
commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may
be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop.


We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive,
time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our medicines and drug candidates could be
found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before government patent authorities.


Competitors may infringe our patent rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.
To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our
intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of our own intellectual
property rights or the proprietary rights of others. This can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims that we
assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us challenging
the validity or enforceability of our patents or alleging that we infringe their intellectual property rights.


Many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce
and/or defend their intellectual property rights than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able
to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. An adverse result in any
litigation proceeding could put our patent, as well as any patents that may issue in the future from our pending
patent applications, at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because
of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that
some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.


In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are
commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability
of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad,
even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-
grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings. Such
proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and
protect our medicines or drug candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability
is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no
invalidating prior art of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If
a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and
perhaps all, of the patent protection on our medicines or drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could
have a material adverse impact on our business.


We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in
countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.




90      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and
time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our medicines or drug
candidates.


Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the valid patents and other intellectual
property rights of third parties. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent applications
belonging to third parties that exist in fields of our medicines and drug candidates. There may also be third-party
patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we operate,
additional patents are likely to issue that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation
and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents
are issued, the risk increases that our medicines and drug candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the
patent rights of others.


Third parties may assert that we are using technology in violation of their patent or other proprietary rights. Defense
of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and divert our technical
personnel, management personnel, or both from their normal responsibilities. Even in the absence of litigation, we
may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license is available, it could
impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.


If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may be
subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one
or more of our medicines and drug candidates. In the event of a successful claim against us of infringement or
misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may have to pay substantial damages, including
treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement, pay royalties or redesign our infringing
medicines and drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and cost. In the event of an
adverse result in any such litigation, or even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third
parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our medicines or drug candidates. Any such license
might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. In the event that we are unable to obtain such a license, we
would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our medicines and drug candidates, which
could harm our business significantly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent
infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay
royalties and other fees that could significantly harm our business.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            91
RISK FACTORS


We are aware of patents in the U.S. and some other jurisdictions with claims covering certain antibodies that are
relevant to tislelizumab for which patents are expected to expire in 2023 or 2024; complexes of irreversible BTK
inhibitors that are relevant to BRUKINSA® for which the patent is expected to expire in 2027; the use of PARP
inhibitors to treat certain cancers that are relevant to pamiparib for which patents are expected to expire between
2027 and 2031; and the use of TIGIT antagonist in combination with PD-1 binding antagonist to treat cancers
that are relevant to the use of ociperlimab in combination with tislelizumab for which patents are expected to
expire in 2034. Although we believe that the relevant claims of these patents would likely be held invalid, we can
provide no assurance that a court or an administrative agency would agree with our assessment. If the validity of
the relevant claims of one or more of these patents were to be upheld upon a validity challenge, and our related
medicine was approved for sale in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents, we would need a
license to commercialize the medicine in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents. In addition,
depending upon the circumstances, we may need licenses for jurisdictions outside of the United States where we
wish to commercialize a particular medicine before the expiration of corresponding patents covering that medicine.
In such cases, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license or licenses on commercially
reasonable terms or at all, which could materially and adversely affect our business.


Even if litigation or other proceedings are resolved in our favor, there could be public announcements of the results
of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive
these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the market price of our shares. Such
litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for
development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial
or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to
sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial
resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.


Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document
submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent
protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements.


Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent agencies in
several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and other patent agencies require compliance with
a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application
process. Although an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means
in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment
or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant
jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application
include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to
properly legalize and submit formal documents. In any such event, our competitors might be able to enter the
market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.




92     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we do not obtain patent term extension and regulatory exclusivity for our medicines, our business may be
materially harmed.


Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our medicines and drug
candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-
Waxman law. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due
diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing
to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover,
the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. In addition,
although the Amended PRC Patent Law, effective on June 1, 2021, includes patent term extension, the patent term
extension provision of the law is unclear and/or remains subject to the approval of implementing regulations that
are still in draft form or have not yet been proposed, leading to uncertainty about its scope and implementation. As
a result, the patents we have in the PRC are not yet eligible to be extended for patent term lost during clinical trials
and the regulatory review process. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is
less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration,
and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed.


Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our
medicines or drug candidates.


The laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to
obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There could be
changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights or our other intellectual
property rights.


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade
secrets of their former employers.


In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
medicines and drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            93
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these
employees, including members of our senior management, executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and in
some cases non-competition agreements in connection with their previous employment. Although we try to ensure
that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be
subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets
or other proprietary information, of any such employee’s former employer. If we fail in defending any such claims,
in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we
are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to
management.


In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the
development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may
be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that
we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of such intellectual
property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may
lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel.


If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights
from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could
be required to pay monetary damages or could lose license rights that are important to our business.


We have entered into license agreements with third parties providing us with rights under various third-party
patents and patent applications. These license agreements impose diligence, development or commercialization
timelines and milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our
obligations under our current or future license agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate
these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any medicine or
drug candidate that is covered by the licenses provided for under these agreements or we may face claims for
monetary damages or other penalties under these agreements. Such an occurrence could diminish the value of
these products and our company. Termination of the licenses provided for under these agreements or reduction or
elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements
with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements.




94     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
adversely affected.


We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our approved medicines. For example, we rely on sole third-party
distributors to distribute some of our in-licensed approved medicines in China and multiple third-party distributors
for the distribution of our internally developed medicines. We also expect to rely on third-party distributors to
distribute our other internally developed and in-licensed medicines, if approved. Our ability to maintain and grow
our business will depend on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery
of our medicines. However, we have relatively limited control over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our
medicines in the manner we contemplate. For example, while we have long-standing business relationship with our
sole distributor for the in-licensed products from BMS, the agreement we entered into with our sole distributor can
be terminated by either party upon six months’ written notice. If price controls or other factors substantially reduce
the margins our distributors can obtain through the resale of our medicines to hospitals, medical institutions and
sub-distributors, they may terminate their relationship with us. While we believe alternative distributors are readily
available, there is a risk that, if the distribution of our medicines is interrupted, our sales volumes and business
prospects could be adversely affected.


We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business
could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at
acceptable quality levels or prices.


We currently have manufacturing facilities that are used for clinical-scale and commercial-scale manufacturing and
processing, we plan to build a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey,
and we are also constructing a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China. However, we continue
to rely on outside vendors to manufacture supplies and process some of our medicines and drug candidates.
For example, we have entered into a commercial supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer Ingelheim
Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) and entered into a commercial supply agreement for
BRUKINSA® with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”). In addition, we generally rely on our collaboration
partners and their third-party manufacturers for supply of in-licensed medicines in China. We have limited
experience in manufacturing or processing our medicines and drug candidates on a commercial scale. Additionally,
we have limited experience in managing the manufacturing process, and our process may be more difficult or
expensive than the approaches currently in use.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT            95
RISK FACTORS


Although we intend to use our own manufacturing facilities, we also intend to use third parties as part of our
manufacturing process and for the clinical and commercial supply of our medicines and drug candidates. Our
anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:


•    we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
     manufacturers is limited and regulatory authorities must evaluate and/or approve any manufacturers as part
     of their regulatory oversight of our medicines and drug candidates. This evaluation would require new testing
     and GMP-compliance inspections by regulatory authorities;


•    our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our medicines and drug candidates,
     and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement and maintain the
     infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates;


•    our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our medicines and drug candidates or
     produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. For example,
     we encountered supply disruptions of ABRAXANE® in 2018 and 2019, and in 2020 the NMPA suspended the
     importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, as further described below;


•    manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state
     agencies in the United States to ensure strict compliance with GMPs and other government regulations
     and by other comparable regulatory authorities for corresponding non-U.S. requirements. We do not have
     control over third-party manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and requirements. For example,
     in 2020, based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States, the
     NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, as further
     described below;


•    we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to some of the technology used and
     improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our medicines and
     drug candidates;


•    raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
     other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
     component defects; and


•    our contract manufacturers and drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their business,
     including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier
     systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or
     pandemics.




96     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development of our drug candidates or commercialization of
our medicines. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our medicines and
drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable,
patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our
company until deficiencies are remedied.


For example, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China
supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in
China. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United
States. Additionally, in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to
terminate our license to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the
suspension and do not expect future revenue from ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding
against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and conditions of the license and
supply agreement.


Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business.


Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our medicines and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of
our medicines and drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience
manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political
environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with
their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our medicines for commercial sale and our drug candidates to
patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could
delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and,
depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical
trials completely.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             97
RISK FACTORS


If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial
condition could be adversely affected.


Before a third party can begin commercial manufacture of our medicines, they are subject to regulatory inspections
of their manufacturing facilities, processes and quality systems. Due to the complexity of the processes used to
manufacture drug and biological products, any potential third-party manufacturer may be unable to initially pass
regulatory inspections in a timely or cost-effective manner in order for us to obtain regulatory approval. If contract
manufacturers do not pass their inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities, our commercial supply of drug
product or substance will be significantly delayed and may result in significant additional costs, including the
delay or denial of any marketing application for our drug candidates or disruption in sales. In addition, drug and
biological manufacturing facilities are continuously subject to inspection by regulatory authorities, before and after
drug approval, and must comply with GMPs. Our or our collaborators’ contract manufacturers may encounter
difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel.
In addition, contract manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in accordance
with applicable regulatory requirements, or the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury,
product liability claims, product shortages, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or
delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. If a third-party manufacturer with
whom we or our collaborators’ contract is unable to comply with manufacturing regulations, we may also be subject
to fines, unanticipated compliance expenses, recall or seizure of our drugs, product liability claims, total or partial
suspension of production and/or enforcement actions, including injunctions, and criminal or civil prosecution. These
possible sanctions could materially adversely affect our financial results and financial condition. On March 25, 2020,
the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug
was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally, in October 2021,
BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE®
in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from
ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues
to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.




98     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, changes in the manufacturing process or procedure, including a change in the location where the
product is manufactured or a change of a third-party manufacturer, could require prior review by regulatory
authorities and/or approval of the manufacturing process and procedures in accordance with applicable
requirements. This review may be costly and time consuming and could delay or prevent the launch of a product
or impact commercialization or continuous supply of approved drugs. The new facility will also be subject to pre-
approval inspection. In addition, we have to demonstrate that the product made at the new facility is equivalent to
the product made at the former facility by physical and chemical methods, which are costly and time consuming. It
is also possible that regulatory authorities may require clinical testing as a way to prove equivalency, which would
result in additional costs and delay.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
arrangements.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration agreements and may enter into additional collaboration, licensing
arrangements, or strategic alliances with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research,
development and commercialization efforts. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and
other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders,
or disrupt our management and business.


In August 2017, we acquired Celgene’s commercial operations in China and an exclusive license to Celgene’s
(now BMS’s) commercial cancer portfolio in China, REVLIMID®, VIDAZA® and ABRAXANE®. On March 25, 2020,
the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and the drug
was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally, in October 2021,
BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license to market ABRAXANE®
in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do not expect future revenue from
ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting that it has breached and continues
to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.


In 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its commercial-stage oncology
products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology
pipeline products. In January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting
Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab in North America,
Japan, the EU, and six other European countries. In December 2021, we entered into an option, collaboration and
license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor,
ociperlimab, in North America, Europe, and Japan.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           99
RISK FACTORS


Our strategic collaborations with Amgen, Novartis and BMS involve numerous risks. We cannot be certain that
we will achieve the financial and other benefits that led us to enter into the collaborations. Moreover, we may not
achieve the revenue and cost synergies expected from our collaborations for their commercial products in China,
and our management’s attention may be diverted from our drug discovery and development business. These
synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. If we achieve the expected
benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Lastly, strategic collaborations can be
terminated for various reasons. For example, our strategic collaboration with Celgene for the development and
commercialization of tislelizumab, which we entered into in connection with the license agreement in 2017, was
terminated in June 2019 in advance of the acquisition of Celgene by BMS, and we received a termination notice in
October 2021 to terminate our license agreement for ABRAXANE® in China.


Additionally, from time to time, we may enter into joint ventures with other companies. Establishment of a joint
venture involves significant risks and uncertainties, including (i) our ability to cooperate with our strategic partner, (ii)
our strategic partner having economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and (iii)
the potential that our strategic partner may be unable to meet its economic or other obligations, which may require
us to fulfill those obligations alone.


We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-
consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic collaboration
or other alternative arrangements for our medicines and drug candidates because they may be deemed to be at
too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our medicines and drug
candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or commercial viability. If and
when we collaborate with a third party for development and commercialization of a medicine or drug candidate,
we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that medicine or drug candidate
to the third party. For any medicines or drug candidates that we may seek to in-license from third parties, we may
face significant competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies with greater resources or
capabilities than us, and any agreement that we do enter may not result in the anticipated benefits.




100     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Collaborations involving our medicines and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the
following:


•    collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
     collaboration;


•    collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates and medicines or
     may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
     changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other
     external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;


•    collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
     abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
     candidate for clinical testing;


•    collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
     indirectly with our medicines or drug candidates;


•    a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more medicines may not commit sufficient
     resources to their marketing and distribution or may set prices that reduce the profitability of the medicines;


•    collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
     property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
     jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;


•    disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
     development or commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or
     arbitration that diverts management attention and resources;


•    collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
     further development or commercialization of the applicable medicines and drug candidates; and


•    collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our medicines and drug candidates that
     results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to
     commercialize such intellectual property.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           101
RISK FACTORS


As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, licensing arrangements or
strategic alliances for our medicines and drug candidates if we are unable to successfully integrate such products
with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect
our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will be able to fulfill
all of our contractual obligations in a timely manner or achieve the revenue, specific net income or other goals
that justify such transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis,
on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or delay its
development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization
or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development
or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake development or
commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which
may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have
sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may
not be able to further develop our medicines and drug candidates or bring them to market and generate product
revenue, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.


If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


We have a collaboration agreement with Amgen pursuant to which we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate on
the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China, and the
global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen’s clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
pipeline products. Amgen has paused or stopped development of some of the pipeline assets due to portfolio
prioritization, and the parties expect that the development plan for the pipeline assets will continue to evolve over
time. Additionally, Amgen has advised us that its applications to the Human Genetic Resources Administration
of China (“HGRAC”) to obtain approval to conduct clinical studies in China for the pipeline assets, including its
application for LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib), a first-in-class KRAS G12C inhibitor, are currently delayed. Approval from
the HGRAC is required for the initiation of clinical trials involving the collection of human genetic materials in China.
We do not expect this to affect the conduct of the clinical trials in China for our drug candidates, other than assets
that are part of the collaboration. The Amgen collaboration involves numerous risks, including unanticipated costs
and diversion of our management’s attention from our other drug discovery and development business. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s oncology products in
China, which could disrupt our business and harm our financial results.




102    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and our business could be
substantially harmed.


We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely to some extent upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage
data and provide other services for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We rely on these parties
for execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the
applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does
not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators
are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by regulatory authorities for all
of our drug candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with
applicable GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed
unreliable and regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our
marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with drug product produced under
GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would
delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigations and enforcement
actions.


If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.


Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           103
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


At the beginning of 2021, we had approximately 5,100 employees, and we ended the year with approximately
8,000 employees, an increase of 57%. We expect to continue our growth. Most of our employees are full-time.
As our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must
add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, drug development, clinical, regulatory affairs,
manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel in the United States, China, Europe and other
regions. Our recent growth and any anticipated future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on
members of management, including:


•     identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;


•     managing the growth in our research, clinical operations, commercial, and supporting functions;


•     managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and regulatory review process for
      our drug candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to third parties; and


•     improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures.


Our future financial performance and our ability to develop and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates
will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any future growth, and our
management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in
order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.


We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.


If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully implement
the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and,
accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.




104    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.


Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory board, and director; John V. Oyler,
our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors; Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., our President,
Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China; and the other principal members of our management and
scientific teams play a critical role in the Company’s operation and development. Although we have employment
agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives
from terminating their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any of our
executives or other employees. The loss of the services of any of these persons could impede the achievement of
our research, development and commercialization objectives.


To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have
provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest over time or based on performance
conditions. The value to employees of these equity grants that may be significantly affected by movements in
our share price that are beyond our control and may be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from
other companies. Although we have employment agreements or offer letters with our key employees, any of our
employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice.


Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to
assist us in formulating and executing our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization
strategy. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede
the achievement of our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm
our ability to successfully implement our business strategy.


Furthermore, replacing executives, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.


We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           105
RISK FACTORS


Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the collection
and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be complex and stringent, and many are subject
to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business
practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.


Regulatory authorities around the world have implemented industry-specific laws and regulations that affect the
collection and transfer of personal data. For example, in China, the Regulation on the Administration of Human
Genetic Resources promulgated by the State Council (the “HGR Regulation”), which became effective in 2019,
applies to activities that involve sampling, biobanking, use of HGR materials and associated data, in China, and
provision of such to foreign parties. The HGR Regulation prohibits both onshore or offshore entities established
or actually controlled by foreign entities and individuals from sampling or biobanking any China HGR in China and
require approval for the sampling of certain HGR and biobanking of all HGR by Chinese parties. Approval for any
export or cross-border transfer of the HGR material is required, and transfer of China HGR data by Chinese parties
to foreign parties or entities established or actually controlled by them also requires the Chinese parties to file,
before the transfer, a copy of the data to the HGR administration for record. The HGR Regulation also requires that
foreign parties ensure the full participation of Chinese parties in international collaborations and all records and
data must be shared with the Chinese parties. For information about applications under the HGR Regulation for
clinical studies in China that are part of the Amgen – BeiGene Collaboration, see the risk factor entitled “If we are
not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected benefits of the
collaboration will not materialize.”


If the Chinese parties fail to comply with data protection laws, regulations and practice standards, and our research
data is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could result in a loss
of our confidential information and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. It is possible that
these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our or our collaborators’ practices,
potentially resulting in suspension of relevant ongoing clinical trials or the initiation of new trials, confiscation
of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines, disgorgement of illegal gains, or temporary or
permanent debarment of our or our collaborators’ entities and responsible persons from further HGR projects and,
consequently, a de-facto ban on the debarred entities from initiating new clinical trials in China. So far, the HGR
administration has disclosed a number of HGR violation cases. In one case, the sanctioned party was the Chinese
subsidiary of a multinational pharmaceutical company that was found to have illegally transferred certain HGR
materials to CROs for conducting certain unapproved research. In addition to a written warning and confiscation
of relevant HGR materials, the Chinese subsidiary of the multinational pharmaceutical company was requested
by the HGR administration to take rectification measures and at the same time banned from submitting any HGR
applications until the HGR administration was satisfied with the rectification results, which rendered it unable to
initiate new clinical trials in China until the ban was lifted. In another case, a public hospital was found to have
illegally transferred certain HGR data to a university in Europe, and that hospital was eventually subject to the same
ban.




106    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


To further tighten the control of China HGR, the government adopted amendments to the criminal code, which
became effective on March 1, 2021, which criminalize the illegal collection of China HGR, the illegal transfer
of China HGR materials outside of China, and the transfer of China HGR data to foreign parties or entities
established or actually controlled by them without going through security review and assessment. An individual
who is convicted of any of these violations may be subject to public surveillance, criminal detention, a fixed-term
imprisonment of up to 7 years, and/or a criminal fine. On April 15, 2021, the Biosecurity Law became effective.
The Biosecurity Law establishes an integrated system to regulate biosecurity-related activities in China, including
the security regulation of HGR and biological resources. The Biosecurity Law for the first time expressly declares
that China has sovereignty over its HGR and further endorsed the HGR Regulation by recognizing the fundamental
regulatory principles and systems established by it over the utilization of Chinese HGR by foreign entities in
China. Although the Biosecurity Law does not provide any specific new regulatory requirements on HGR, as it is
a law adopted by China’s highest legislative authority, it gives China’s major regulatory authority of HGR, i.e., the
Ministry of Science and Technology, significantly more power and discretion to regulate HGR and it is expected
that the overall regulatory landscape for Chinese HGR will evolve and become even more rigorous. In addition, the
interpretation and application of data protection laws in China and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux.


We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public
going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to
significant penalties, including fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
Delays in completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage
to, destruction of or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or
commercialization efforts.


We currently have manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Guangzhou, and Suzhou, China and plan to build a
commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey, United States. We are also
constructing a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China. These facilities may encounter
unanticipated delays and expenses due to a number of factors, including regulatory requirements. If construction
or expansion, regulatory evaluation and/or approval of our facilities are delayed, we may not be able to
manufacture sufficient quantities of our medicines and drug candidates, which would limit our development and
commercialization activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns associated with constructing or
maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional funds from other sources. For example, we may not be
able to complete the construction and validation of and obtain regulatory approval for the new manufacturing and
clinical R&D center in New Jersey, the new manufacturing campus in Suzhou and manufacturing facility expansion
in Guangzhou in a timely or economic manner.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          107
RISK FACTORS


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” our
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection in connection with clinical development and new drug approvals
and ongoing, periodic inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure
compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to such
GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for
clinical or commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent filing
or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our medicines. We also
may encounter problems with the following:


•     achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory
      agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield and costs;


•     shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors; and


•     ongoing compliance with GMP regulations and other requirements of the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other
      comparable regulatory agencies.


Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of
approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or medicines, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.


Developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities.
Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.


To supply commercial quantities for our marketed products, produce our medicines in the quantities that we
believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand, and to supply clinical drug material to support the
continued growth of our clinical programs, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by
a significant factor over the initial level of production, which will require substantial additional expenditures and
various regulatory approvals and permits. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our medicines
in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand.




108    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” if
our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly or
inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted loss
of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any medicines manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical
trials or reduce our product sales. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facilities could
result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. Any disruption that impedes
our ability to manufacture our drug candidates or medicines in a timely manner could materially harm our business,
financial condition and operating results.


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property, plant and equipment in amounts
we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to
reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug
candidates and medicines if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities
or processes.


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal
controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these
requirements.


As a public company listed in the United States, Hong Kong and Shanghai, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the listing rules of the
NASDAQ, the HKEX and the STAR Market of the SSE, and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses
to comply with applicable requirements. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including
requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial
amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial
compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly.


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we
must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and
expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the market price of our shares
could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, HKEX, China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”),
SSE or other applicable regulatory authorities, and our business could be harmed.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          109
RISK FACTORS


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.


From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic collaborations, including licensing or
acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-
process or potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including:


•     increased operating expenses and cash requirements;


•     the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;


•     the issuance of our equity securities;


•     assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
      associated with integrating new personnel;


•     the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
      such a strategic merger or acquisition;


•     retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
      relationships;


•     risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
      party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals; and


•     our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
      undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.


In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or strategic collaborations, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or
incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant
future amortization expense. For example, in connection with the Amgen transaction, we issued to Amgen a total of
206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs, representing 20.5% of the issued share capital of the Company
after giving effect to the share issuance, which resulted in Amgen becoming our largest shareholder and the
ownership of our existing shareholders being diluted.




110    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), and other regulations and rules with
respect to mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger
and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex. For example, the M&A Rules
require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the “MOFCOM”) be notified in advance of any change-of-control
transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is
concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have impact on the national economic security,
or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark
or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law of the PRC and the Provisions on
Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings (the “Prior Notification Rules”) issued by
the State Council, the concentration of business undertakings by way of mergers, acquisitions or contractual
arrangements that allow one market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player
must also be notified in advance to the State Administration of Market Regulation (the “SAMR”) when the threshold
is crossed and such concentration shall not be implemented without the clearance of prior notification. In addition,
the Measures for Security Review of Foreign Investment jointly issued by the National Development and Reform
Commission and MOFCOM and the Regulations on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and
Acquisition of Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors (the “Security Review Rules”) issued by the MOFCOM
specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns
and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic
enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules
prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by structuring the transaction through, among other
things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.


We may also be subject to similar review and regulations in other jurisdictions, such as the laws and regulations
on foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the
United States (the CFIUS) and other agencies, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (the
FIRRMA), which became effective in February 2020.


Furthermore, according to the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations, if a Chinese overseas listed company issues
overseas listed securities to acquire assets, such issuance would be subject to certain filing requirements with the
CSRC.


In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
consuming, and any required approval or filing processes, including obtaining approval from or filing with
CFIUS, the SAMR, the MOFCOM, the CSRC or other agencies may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such
transactions. It is unclear whether those complementary businesses we may acquire in the future would be deemed
to be in an industry that raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT       111
RISK FACTORS


However, CFIUS, SAMR, MOFCOM, CSRC or other government agencies may publish explanations in the future
determining that certain of the complementary business is in an industry subject to the security review, in which
case our future acquisitions in the United States and the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual
control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our
business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and
adversely affected.


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits us from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also
subject to the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. The anti-bribery laws in
China generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. As our business has
expanded, the applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.


We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of United States, PRC or other countries’ anti-corruption and related laws. If our employees,
distributors or third-party promoters engage in corrupt or other improper conduct that results in violation of
applicable anti-corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed. Furthermore, we could be held liable for actions
taken by our employees, distributors or third-party promoters, which could expose us to regulatory investigations
and penalties.


Although we have policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply
with anti-bribery laws, there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees
and intermediaries from engaging in bribery activities. Our procedures and controls to monitor anti-bribery and
corruption compliance may fail to protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or
agents. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with applicable
anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil penalties,
including but not limited to imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, suspension of our ability to do business with
the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from participation in
government healthcare programs, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business.




112    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we or our CROs or CMOs fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could
become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business.


We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and waste. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into operation
after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the risk
of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of
hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our insurance
coverage. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.


In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development,
manufacturing or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in
substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT        113
RISK FACTORS


Our information technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer
security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization
efforts.


Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our contractors
and collaborators, are vulnerable to damage from internal or external events, such as computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures, which can
compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems. Although to our knowledge we have not
experienced any material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause
interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our research, development, manufacturing,
regulatory and commercialization efforts and our business operations.


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property,
and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems
and outsourced vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information,
including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information.
Because information systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of our operating activities,
shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or vendors that provide information systems, networks, or
other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer hacking,
phishing attacks, ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters
(including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events could cause loss of data, damage
to systems and data and leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access important data needed to
operate our business. Our contractors and collaborators have and in the future may face similar risks, and service
disruptions or security breaches of their systems could adversely affect our security, leave us without access to
important systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information or expose our confidential data.
In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be
sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant events could result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our
reputation or a loss of revenues. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any
losses associated with such events.




114        BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data
and/or systems. Like other companies, we and our third-party vendors have on occasion experienced, and will
continue to experience, threats to our or their data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing,
business email compromise attacks, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these
threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our information technology systems or those of our
vendors occurs, we could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond
to these threats or breaches and to repair or replace information systems or networks and could suffer financial
loss or the loss of valuable confidential information. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or
claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and
use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure
of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed
to prevent these events from occurring, and we have processes to identify and mitigate threats, the development
and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating
as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover,
despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As we outsource more
of our information systems to vendors, engage in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely
more on cloud-based information systems, the related security risks will increase and we will need to expend
additional resources to protect our technology and information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that
our internal information technology systems or those of our contractors and collaborators, as well as our and their
efforts to implement adequate security and control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against breakdowns,
service disruptions, data deterioration or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being
stolen or corrupted in the event of a cyberattack, security breach, ransomware, industrial espionage attack or
insider threat attack that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of
critical, proprietary, private, confidential or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business
or reputational harm to us.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           115
RISK FACTORS


Our failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions
and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.


The regulatory framework for the collection, use, safeguarding, sharing, transfer and other processing of personal
information and other regulated data worldwide is complex and is rapidly evolving.


In the United States, we are subject to laws and regulations that address privacy, personal information protection
and data security at both the federal and state levels. Numerous laws and regulations, including security breach
notification laws, health information privacy laws, and consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use,
disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. Given the variability and evolving
state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements, and we may be
unsuccessful in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in their interpretation.


Regulatory authorities in Europe have implemented and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR),
which became effective in 2018, imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR.
Because the GDPR specifically gives member states flexibility with respect to certain matters, national laws may
partially deviate from the GDPR and impose different obligations from country to country, leading to additional
complexity and uncertainty. Despite our best efforts to comply, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and
penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with our European activities. The GDPR may increase
our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process where such processing is subject to
the GDPR, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR,
including deviations implemented by individual countries.


In addition, further to the UK’s exit from the EU on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the UK at the
end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the UK’s European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK
specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. Although the UK is regarded as a third country
under the EU’s GDPR, the European Commission has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing
adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK
remain unrestricted. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain
free flowing.




116    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


China has implemented rules and is considering a number of additional proposals concerning data protection. The
Cyber Security Law of the PRC, which became effective in 2017, created China’s first national-level data protection
for “network operators,” which may include all organizations in China that provide services over the internet or
another information network. Numerous related laws, regulations, guidelines and other measures are expected to
be adopted, certain of which may, upon enactment, require security review before transferring human health-related
data out of China. Additionally, the Measures for the Management of Scientific Data provides a broad definition
of scientific data and relevant rules for the management of scientific data in China and requires that enterprises in
China must seek regulatory approval before any scientific data involving a state secret may be transferred abroad
or to foreign parties. Any researcher conducting research funded at least in part by the Chinese government is
required to submit relevant scientific data for management by the entity to which such researcher is affiliated before
such data may be published in any foreign academic journal. The Data Security Law of the PRC became effective
on September 1, 2021. One of this law’s primary goals is to ensure data security by establishing an overarching
regulatory regime over data processors who process “important data” in China and subjecting such processors to
a number of regulatory obligations, e.g., data localization. Given its broad scope and impact it may have if enforced
as is, it is expected that the State Council and relevant Chinese regulators will enact implementing rules to further
clarify the scope and application of such requirement. In addition, the Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”)
of the PRC became effective on November 1, 2021. The PIPL requires, among others, that (i) the processing of
personal information should have a clear and reasonable purpose which should be directly related to the processing
purpose, in a method that has the least impact on personal rights and interests, and (ii) the collection of personal
information should be limited to the minimum scope necessary to achieve the processing purpose to avoid the
excessive collection of personal information. The PIPL also requires entities handling personal information to bear
responsibilities for their personal information handling activities, and adopt necessary measures to safeguard the
security of the personal information they handle. Otherwise, such entities could be ordered to correct, or suspend or
terminate the provision of services, and face confiscation of illegal income, fines or other penalties. The PIPL further
specifies the conditions for providing personal information to overseas recipients, including conducting security
assessment and personal information protection certification as well as entering into contractual arrangements with
overseas information recipients.


In addition, on November 14, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Draft Cyber Data
Security Regulations, for public comments, pursuant to which, data processors processing important data or listed
overseas shall conduct an annual data security self-assessment or entrust a data security service institution to do
so, and submit the data security assessment report of the previous year to the local branch of the Cyberspace
Administration of China before January 31 each year. Since there is no definite timetable as to when draft will be
enacted, substantial uncertainties exist with respect to whether such annual data security self-assessment and
reporting requirement would apply to us.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          117
RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, the PRC regulatory authorities have also enhanced the supervision and regulation on cross-border
data transmission. For example, on October 29, 2021, the Measures for the Security Assessment of Cross-
border Data Transmission (Draft for Comment) were proposed by the Cybersecurity Administration of China for
public comments, which require that any data processor providing important data collected and generated during
operations within the PRC or personal information that should be subject to security assessment according to
law to an overseas recipient shall conduct security assessment. These measures have not been formally adopted,
and substantial uncertainties still exist with respect to the enactment timetable, final content, interpretation and
implementation of these measures and how they will affect our business operation.


We expect that these data protection and transfer laws and regulations will continue to receive greater attention and
focus from regulators going forward, and we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply
with evolving obligations under data protection, privacy and security laws will be sufficient. Any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in reputational damage or proceedings
or actions against us by governmental entities, individuals or others. These proceedings or actions could subject
us to significant administrative, civil or criminal penalties and negative publicity, result in the delayed or halted
transfer or confiscation of certain personal information or scientific data (such as the results of our preclinical
studies or clinical trials conducted within China), or other regulated data, result in the suspension of research and
development of drug candidates, ongoing clinical trials or ban on initiation of new trials, require us to change our
business practices, increase our costs, or materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, our current and future relationships with customers, vendors, pharmaceutical partners
and other third parties could be negatively affected by any proceedings or actions against us or current or future
data protection obligations imposed on them under applicable law. In addition, a data breach affecting personal
information or other regulated data, including health information, or a failure to comply with applicable requirements
could result in significant management resources, legal and financial exposure and reputational damage that could
potentially have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.


If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, manufacture, sale
and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.


We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, manufacture,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, manufacture, promote, sell and distribute our products
may be subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses
and certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or parties on whom we rely to obtain
any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business, there can
be no assurance that we or parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.



118    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs
and expenses.


Our operations and those of our third-party contractors and collaborators could be subject to natural or man-
made disasters, public health epidemics or other business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-
insured. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research
and development of our drug candidates, and they may be affected by such business interruptions, government
shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any of these business interruptions could seriously harm
our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We partially rely on third-party
manufacturers to produce and process our medicines and drug candidates. Our ability to obtain supplies of our
medicines and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by man-made
or natural disasters, public health epidemics or other business interruptions. Damage or extended periods of
interruption to our or our vendors’ corporate, development, research or manufacturing facilities due to fire, natural
disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry, public health epidemics or other events could
cause us to delay or cease development or commercialization of some or all of our medicines and drug candidates.
Although we maintain insurance coverage on these facilities, our insurance might not cover all losses under
such circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption. For example,
the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business and our financial
performance, including causing a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory inspections
of our development activities, regulatory filings or manufacturing operations. Our clinical development and
commercial efforts could be delayed or otherwise negatively impacted, as patients may be reluctant to go to the
hospitals to receive treatment, or our regulatory inspections or regulatory filings and approvals could be delayed.
We have already experienced delays in clinical trial recruitment. Additionally, the commercial or clinical supply of
our medicines and drug candidates could be negatively impacted due to reduced operations or a shutdown of our
or our third-party manufacturing facilities, distribution channels and transportation systems, or shortages of raw
materials and drug product.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          119
RISK FACTORS


Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by public health crises and natural
catastrophes or other disasters outside of our control in the locations in which we and our contractors and
collaborators operate.


Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics,
natural catastrophes, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, or floods, or other disasters such as fires,
explosions and terrorist activity or wars that are outside of our control, including government reactions due to such
events. Our business operations and those of our contractors and collaborators may potentially suffer interruptions
caused by any of these events.


In December 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic began to impact the population in China and since January 2020,
the COVID-19 pandemic has spread around the world. The continued spread of COVID-19, despite progress in
vaccination efforts, has negatively impacted our business and results of operations, including commercial sales,
regulatory interactions, inspections, and filings, and clinical trial recruitment, participation and data read outs. In
addition, COVID-19 has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of
the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns. The extent to which
such measures are removed or new measures are put in place will depend upon how the pandemic evolves, as
well as the distribution of available vaccines, the rates at which they are administered and the emergence of new
variants of the virus. We have taken precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of the virus to our
employees, including temporarily requiring many employees to work remotely. We have suspended or limited non-
essential travel worldwide for our employees and are discouraging employee attendance at other gatherings. These
measures could negatively affect our business. For instance, temporarily requiring all employees to work remotely
may induce absenteeism or employee turnover, disrupt our operations or increase the risk of a cybersecurity
incident. COVID-19 has also caused volatility in the global financial markets and threatened a slowdown in the
global economy, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.


The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to impact our business will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of
the pandemic, the severity of COVID-19, including the continued emergence of new variants, developments or
perceptions regarding the safety of vaccines, or any additional preventative and protective actions taken to contain
the pandemic or treat its impact, particularly in the United States, China, Europe and other geographies where we
or our third-party contractors and collaborators operate. We cannot presently predict the scope and severity of
any potential business shutdowns or disruptions and any new wave of COVID-19 cases could have a widespread
impact on our business and results of operations depending on where infection rates are the highest. If we or any
of the third parties with whom we engage, however, were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions,
our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially
and negatively affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and
financial condition. We will continue to monitor the latest disruptions and uncertainties relating to the COVID-19
pandemic, including the pace of vaccinations and the emergence of new and more contagious strains of the virus,
and any resulting impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any resulting
financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time and may have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.




120    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Environmental regulation of our business, as a response to climate change, could adversely impact us by
increasing our compliance costs and could have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition.


There has been a broad range of proposed and promulgated state, national and international regulation aimed at
reducing the effects of climate change. Such regulations apply or could apply in countries where we have interests
or could have interests in the future. Such regulation could result in additional costs in the form of taxes and
investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations.


Climate change regulations continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable
for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, it is possible that such regulation
could have a material effect in the foreseeable future on our business, results of operations, capital expenditures or
financial position.


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by adverse weather conditions, natural
disasters and other catastrophes.


We have manufacturing facilities in Suzhou and Guangzhou, China. A significant disruption at these facilities, even
on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to timely produce products, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Our manufacturing operations are vulnerable to
interruption and damage from natural and other types of disasters, including earthquake, fire, floods, environmental
accidents, power loss, communications failures and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to
operate our business at our facilities would be seriously impaired. For example, our Guangzhou manufacturing
facility was hit by a typhoon in 2019, but the typhoon did not cause material damage to the facility. However, the
boundary area and the adjacent land were flooded, causing a power outage for a few days. Afterwards, we built a
gutter along the boundary and installed waterproof electricity cables to fortify the facility and to help prevent future
interruptions.


In addition, we do not maintain any insurance other than property insurance for some of our buildings, vehicles and
equipment. Accordingly, unexpected business interruptions resulting from disasters could disrupt our operations
and thereby result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Our production process requires a continuous
supply of electricity. We have encountered power shortages historically in China due to restricted power supply to
industrial users during summers when the usage of electricity is high and supply is limited or as a result of damage
to the electricity supply network. Because the duration of those power shortages was brief, they had no material
impact on our operations. Longer interruptions of electricity supply could result in lengthy production shutdowns,
increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. Any major suspension
or termination of electricity or other unexpected business interruptions could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          121
RISK FACTORS


Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could have a material adverse impact on our business
operations, clients and customers.


The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to assess and predict. Our business and the activities of our
clients and customers could be impacted by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk
either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy,
including changes in climate policy or in the regulation of companies with respect to risks posed by climate change.


The physical impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and
severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to
health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other
adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities
and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for
the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. We bear losses incurred as a result of, for
example, physical damage to or destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption
due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change could materially adversely affect our business
operations, financial position or results of operation.


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.


We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our medicines in the United
States, China, Europe and other markets, and for the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug
candidates globally. For example, we may be sued if our medicines or drug candidates cause or are perceived to
cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any
such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to
warn of dangers inherent in the medicine, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be
asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain
indemnification from our collaborators for product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:
decreased demand for our medicines; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability
to continue clinical trials; initiation of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion
of our management’s time and resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product
recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available
insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize any medicine or drug candidate; and a decline in
our share price.




122    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.


We are subject to the risks and challenges of doing business globally, which may adversely affect our business
operations.


Our business is subject to risks and challenges associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our
business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a
specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes in laws
and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies and
procedures to operating environments different from that of the United States; difficulty of effective enforcement
of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in certain countries;
enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection measures or disputes,
import or export licensing requirements, and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges; laws
and regulations on foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the CFIUS and other agencies;
the effects of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; the impact of public health
epidemics on employees, our operations and the global economy; restrictions on international travel and commerce;
and significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates. In addition, in 2017 the United Kingdom Financial
Conduct Authority (FCA), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), announced that it will
no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator after 2021. On
November 30, 2020, the FCA announced a partial extension of this deadline, indicating its intention to cease the
publication of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings immediately following December 31, 2021, and
the remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. While various
replacement reference rates have been proposed, an alternative reference rate to LIBOR has not yet been widely
adopted. As such, the replacement of LIBOR could have an adverse effect on the market for, or value of, LIBOR-
linked financial instruments. Failure to manage these risks and challenges could negatively affect our ability to
expand our businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           123
RISK FACTORS


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.


The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification
intended to address concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) and other perceived international tax
avoidance techniques as a result of both coordinated actions by governments, such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive
Framework on BEPS, and unilateral measures designed by individual countries. For example, the Cayman Islands
has enacted the International Tax Co-operation (Economic Substance) Law (2020 Revision) (the “Economic
Substance Law”), which originally took effect on January 1, 2019, and which is accompanied by Guidance on
Economic Substance for Geographically Mobile Activities (Version 2.0; April 30, 2019) published by the Cayman
Islands Tax Information Authority. The Economic Substance Law embraces a global initiative to combat BEPS
and demonstrates the continued commitment of the Cayman Islands to international best practice. The Economic
Substance Law provides that relevant entities that existed before January 1, 2019 and that had been conducting
relevant activities by that date must comply with the economic substance requirements from July 1, 2019, and
relevant entities that are established from January 1, 2019 onwards must comply with the requirements from
the date they commence the relevant activity. Although we believe that we currently are not obliged to meet the
economic substance requirements under the Economic Substance Law, we cannot predict any changes to the
legislation or its interpretation in the future. If we are obliged to meet certain economic substance requirements in
the future, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are required to make changes
to our business in order to gain compliance or if we fail to comply.


We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that
our rulings are consistent with accepted tax ruling practices, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be
predicted and could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.




124    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                            RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
United States or other governments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.


Due to our operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be
influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes in
government relations between China and the United States or other governments. There is significant uncertainty
about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies, treaties,
government regulations and tariffs. China’s economy differs from the economies of other countries in many
respects, including with respect to the level of development, growth rate, amount of government involvement,
control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While China’s economy has experienced significant
growth over the past four decades, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic
sectors. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and
guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may have
a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected
by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable to us.
In addition, in the past the Chinese government implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases,
to manage the pace of economic growth and prevent the economy from overheating. These measures may cause
decreased economic activity in China, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.


Additionally, the Chinese government has published new policies that significantly affect certain industries such
as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release
regulations or policies regarding our industry that could require us to obtain additional permission from Chinese
authorities to continue to operate our business in China, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.


Furthermore, recent statements made by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase the
government’s oversight and control over offerings of companies with significant operations in China that are to be
conducted in foreign markets.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT         125
RISK FACTORS


For example, in July 2021, the PRC government provided guidance on China-based companies raising
capital outside of China, including through arrangements called variable interest entities (VIEs). In light of such
developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to
register securities with the SEC. On December 24, 2021, the CSRC released the Provisions of the State Council on
the Administration of Domestic Companies Offering Securities for Overseas Listing (Revision Draft for Comments)
(the “Draft Provisions”) and the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Domestic Companies Seeking Overseas
Securities Offering and Listing (the “Filing Measures”, or collectively, the “Draft Overseas Listing Regulations”) for
public comment. According to the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations, where Chinese companies that have directly
or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets conduct follow-on offering in overseas markets, they shall fulfill
the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC. If we are deemed as an indirect overseas
listed Chinese company but fail to complete the filing procedures with the CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings
or fell within any of the circumstances where our follow-on offering is prohibited by the State Council, our offering
application may be suspended and we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC
and relevant departments of the State Council. The Draft Overseas Listing Regulations were released only for
soliciting public comments at this stage and their provisions and anticipated adoption or effective date are subject
to changes and thus their interpretation and implementation remain substantially uncertain. We are currently
evaluating the implications and potential impact of the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations and will continue to
closely monitor the development and implementation of the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations. Although we do
not have a VIE structure, due to our operations in China and stock listings in and outside of China, any future
PRC, U.S. or other rules and regulations that place restrictions on capital raising or other activities by companies
with extensive operations in China could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any such action,
once taken by the Chinese government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer our ADSs or ordinary shares to investors, and could cause the value of our ADSs or ordinary shares to
significantly decline or become worthless. If the business environment in China deteriorates from the perspective
of domestic or international investment, or if relations between China and the United States or other governments
deteriorate, our business in China and United States may also be adversely affected.


The audit reports included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC have historically been prepared
by auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), and
as such, investors have previously been deprived of the benefits of such inspections.


Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, our auditor from fiscal year 2014 to fiscal year 2021, is required to undergo regular
inspections by the PCAOB as an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm
registered with the PCAOB. Since Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP is located in China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB
has been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities, Ernst & Young Hua
Ming LLP has not been and is not currently inspected by the PCAOB. Additionally, because we have substantial
operations within the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the
approval of the Chinese government authorities, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and the audit work that it has carried
out for us in the PRC has not historically been able to be inspected independently and fully by the PCAOB.




126    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside the PRC have at times identified deficiencies in
those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection
process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in the PRC
prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating auditors’ audits and their quality control procedures. As a result, to
the extent that any components of our auditor’s work papers have been or become located in China, such work
papers have not been and will not be subject to inspection by the PCAOB. As a result, we and investors have been
deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors and potential investors of our
stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial
statements.


Our ADSs may be delisted and our ADSs and ordinary shares prohibited from trading in the over-the-counter
market under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
or fully investigate auditors located in China. On December 16, 2021, PCAOB issued the HFCAA Determination
Report, according to which our previous auditor is subject to the determinations that the PCAOB is unable to
inspect or investigate completely. Under current law, delisting and prohibition from over-the-counter trading in
the U.S. could take place in 2024. The delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially
and adversely affect the value of your investment.


As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access to audit and other information currently
protected by national law, in particular China’s, the HFCAA, was signed into law on December 18, 2020. The
HFCAA states if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm
that has not been subject to inspection for the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC
shall prohibit our shares or ADS from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
trading market in the U.S. Accordingly, under the current law, this could happen in 2024. On March 30, 2022, as
expected following its adoption of implementing rules pursuant to the HFCAA, the SEC added us to its conclusive
list of issuers identified under HFCAA. We were provisionally named as a Commission-Identified Issuer on March
8, 2022, following the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC on February 28, 2022, which included
the consolidated financial statements and the report of internal control over financial reporting that were audited by
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP.


However, as our global business has expanded, we have evaluated, designed and implemented business processes
and control changes and built substantial organizational capabilities outside of the PRC, which has enabled us
to engage Ernst & Young LLP, located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, as the Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 to be filed with the SEC. We expect that this will satisfy the
PCAOB inspection requirements for the audit of our consolidated financial statements, subject to compliance with
SEC and other requirements prior to the three-year deadline of the HFCAA.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          127
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, in October 2021, Nasdaq adopted additional listing criteria applicable to companies that primarily
operate in jurisdictions where local regulators impose secrecy laws, national security laws or other laws that restrict
U.S. regulators from accessing information relating to the issuer (a “Restrictive Market”). Under the new rule,
whether a jurisdiction permits PCAOB inspection would be a factor in determining whether a jurisdiction is deemed
by Nasdaq to be a Restrictive Market. China will likely be determined to be a Restrictive Market and, as a result,
Nasdaq may impose on us additional continued listing criteria or deny continued listing of our securities on Nasdaq,
and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent
criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor’s audit procedures and quality control procedures,
adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to our
audit.


While we understand there has been dialogue among the CSRC, the SEC and the PCAOB regarding the inspection
of PCAOB-registered accounting firms in China, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with
requirements imposed by U.S. regulators or Nasdaq. Delisting of our ADSs would force holders of our ADSs to sell
their ADSs or convert them into our ordinary shares, which are listed for trading on the HKEx. Although our ordinary
shares are listed in Hong Kong, investors may face difficulties in converting their ADSs into ordinary shares and
migrating the ordinary shares to Hong Kong, or may have to incur increased costs or suffer losses in order to do
so. The market price of our ADSs could be adversely affected as a result of anticipated negative impacts of these
executive or legislative actions upon, as well as negative investor sentiment towards, companies with significant
operations in China that are listed in the United States, regardless of whether these executive or legislative actions
are implemented and regardless of our actual operating performance.


Given that Ernst and Young LLP in the United States will serve as the principal accountant to audit our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the “2022 Form 10-K”), we expect to be able to
comply with the HFCAA and certify following the filing of our 2022 Form 10-K that we have retained a registered
public accounting firm that the PCAOB has determined it is able to inspect or investigate Ernst & Young LLP in the
United States, which would preclude a further finding by the SEC that we are a Commission-Identified Issuer and
therefore the delisting of our American Depositary Shares from the NASDAQ Global Select Market.


However, these efforts may not be sufficient and ultimately may not be successful. We may also be subject to
enforcement under the HFCAA, the rules implementing the act that may be adopted by the SEC, and any other
similar legislation that may be enacted into law or executive orders that may be adopted in the future. Although we
are committed to complying with the rules and regulations applicable to listed companies in the United States, we
are currently unable to predict the potential impact on our listed status by the rules that may be adopted by the SEC
under the HFCAA. If we failed to comply with those rules, it is possible that our ADSs will be delisted. The risk and
uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs, ordinary
shares and RMB Shares. Failure to adopt effective contingency plans may also have a material adverse impact on
our business and the price of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares.




128      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


The potential enactment of the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the “AHFCA Act”) or
the America COMPETES Act would decrease the number of non-inspection years from three years to two, thus
reducing the time period before our ADSs may be prohibited from over-the-counter trading or delisted. If this
bill were enacted, our ADS could be delisted from the exchange and prohibited from over-the-counter trading in
the U.S. in 2023.


On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill known as the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, to amend Section 104(i) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7214(i)) to prohibit
securities of any registrant from being listed on any of the U.S. securities exchanges or traded over-the-counter if
the auditor of the registrant’s financial statements is not subject to PCAOB inspection for two consecutive years,
instead of three consecutive years as currently enacted in the HFCAA.


On February 4, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the America Creating Opportunities for
Manufacturing Pre-Eminence in Technology and Economic Strength (COMPETES) Act of 2022 (the “America
COMPETES Act”), which similarly would amend the HFCAA to shorten the three-year period to two years. The
America COMPETES Act, however, includes a broader range of legislation than the AHFCA Act in response to the
U.S. Innovation and Competition Act passed by the U.S. Senate in 2021. The U.S. House of Representatives and
the U.S. Senate will need to agree on amendments to these respective bills to allow the legislature to pass their
amended bills before the President can sign the bill into law. It is unclear if or when these bills will be signed into
law. In the case that the bill becomes the law, it will reduce the time period before our ADSs could be delisted from
the exchange and prohibited from over-the-counter trading in the U.S. from 2024 to 2023.


Given that Ernst and Young LLP in the United States will serve as the principal accountant to audit our consolidated
financial statements for the 2022 Form 10-K, we expect to be able to comply with the AHFCA Act and the
COMPETES Act and certify following the filing of our 2022 Form 10-K that we have retained a registered public
accounting firm that the PCAOB has determined it is able to inspect or investigate. However, these efforts may not
be sufficient and ultimately may not be successful. As a result, our securities may be prohibited from trading on
Nasdaq or other U.S. stock exchange.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          129
RISK FACTORS


Proceedings instituted by the SEC against five PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent
registered public accounting firm, could result in our inability to find a registered public accounting firm to audit
and issue an opinion on our financial statements, which could result in us not being in compliance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act.


In 2012, the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five accounting firms in China, including our
independent registered public accounting firm, alleging that they had refused to produce audit work papers and
other documents related to certain other PRC-based companies under investigation by the SEC. In 2014, an initial
administrative law decision was issued, censuring these accounting firms and suspending four of these firms from
practicing before the SEC for a period of six months. In 2015, each of the four PRC-based accounting firms agreed
to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of their ability to practice
before the SEC. These firms’ ability to continue to serve their clients was not affected by the settlement. The
settlement required these firms to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese
firms’ audit documents via the CSRC. If these firms do not follow these procedures, the SEC could impose penalties
such as suspensions, or it could restart the administrative proceedings. Our audit committee is aware of the policy
restriction and communicates with our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure compliance.
If additional remedial measures are imposed on the China-based accounting firms, including our independent
registered public accounting firm, in administrative proceedings brought by the SEC alleging the firms’ failure to
meet specific criteria set by the SEC with respect to requests for the production of documents, we could be unable
to timely file future financial statements in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. The settlement
did not require these firms to admit to any violation of law and preserves these firms’ legal defenses in the event the
administrative proceeding is restarted. In the event that the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings, depending
upon the final outcome, listed companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or
impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC, which could result in financial statements
being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, including possible delisting.
Moreover, any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty
regarding PRC-based, U.S.-listed companies and the market price of the ADSs and/or ordinary shares may be
adversely affected.


If our independent registered public accounting firm is denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice before the
SEC and we are unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our
financial statements, our financial statements could be determined to be not in compliance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to deregistration from the SEC, which would
substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of our ADSs in the United States. Moreover, any negative
news about the proceedings against these audit firms may adversely affect investor confidence in companies with
substantial mainland China-based operations listed in the United States. All these would materially and adversely
affect the market price of the ADSs and substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of our ADSs in the
United States, and the market price of our ordinary shares may be adversely affected.




130    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations.


A large portion of our operations are conducted in China through our Chinese subsidiaries. Our Chinese subsidiaries
are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The Chinese legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for
reference but have limited precedential value.


In 1979, the Chinese government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations
governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly
enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China has not
developed a fully integrated legal system. The laws, rules and regulations are subject to interpretation and
enforcement by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are
relatively new, because of the limited number of published decisions and the non-precedential nature of such
decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how
to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and
can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the legal system is based in part on government policies and
internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect.
The regulations in China can change quickly. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and
rules until after the occurrence of the violation.


China’s Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rule came into force in January 2020. The Foreign
Investment Law and its implementing rules embody an expected regulatory trend to rationalize China’s foreign
investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the
legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. There are still uncertainties with respect to the
interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules. For example, the
Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules provide that foreign invested entities established according
to the previous laws regulating foreign investment prior to the implementation of the new law may maintain
their structure and corporate governance for a five-year transition period. It is uncertain whether governmental
authorities may require us to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our Chinese subsidiaries
in such transition period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to meet any of these or similar regulatory
requirements could materially affect our current corporate governance practices and business operations and
our compliance costs may increase significantly. In addition, the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign
Investment (the “Measures”), effective from January 18, 2021, embody China’s continued efforts to provide a
legal regime for national security review comparable to similar procedures in other jurisdictions, such as CFIUS
review in the United States. There are still uncertainties with respect to the interpretation, implementation and
enforcement of the Measures. For example, national security remains undefined and there is no clear guidance on
whether the biotechnology industry requires security review and what factors the regulatory authority may consider
in determining whether there are security concerns. It is difficult to evaluate the impact of the Measures on our
existing investments or potential investments in China.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          131
RISK FACTORS


It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. In China, there
are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigations
initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism
with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision
and administration, such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be
efficient in the absence of a mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. According to Article 177 of the PRC
Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly
conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the PRC territory. While detailed interpretation of or
implementation rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator
to directly conduct investigations or evidence collection activities within China may further increase the difficulties
you face in protecting your interests. For risks associated with investing in us as a Cayman Islands company,
see also “— Risks Related to Our American Depositary Shares and Ordinary Shares — We are a Cayman Islands
company. Because judicial precedent regarding the rights of shareholders is more limited under Cayman Islands
law than under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law, our shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights
than they would have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting their
interests.”


Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and management attention. Since administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in
interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome
of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal
systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


In addition, the PRC government has recently announced its plans to enhance its regulatory oversight of China-
based companies listed overseas and cross-border law enforcement cooperation. The Opinions on Intensifying
Crack Down on Illegal Securities Activities issued on July 6, 2021 called for:


•     tightening oversight of data security, cross-border data flow and administration of classified information,
      as well as amendments to relevant regulation to specify responsibilities of overseas listed China-based
      companies with respect to data security and information security;


•     enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by China-
      based companies; and


•     extraterritorial application of China’s securities laws.




132     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


As the Opinions on Intensifying Crack Down on Illegal Securities Activities were recently issued, there are great
uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation. The PRC government may promulgate relevant
laws, rules and regulations to impose additional and significant obligations and liabilities on overseas listed China-
based companies regarding data security, cross-border data flow, and compliance with China’s securities laws. As
a company with extensive operations in China and stock listings in and outside of China, it is uncertain whether or
how the new laws, rules and regulations and the interpretation and implementation may affect us. However, among
other things, our ability to obtain external financing through the issuance of equity securities overseas could be
adversely affected if restrictions on overseas fundraising are imposed on companies like us.


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends and other
distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur.
If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC
subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside
at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the
aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed to
us as dividends. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits
based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition,
registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the
amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31, 2021, these restricted assets totaled
US$799.6 million.


Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.


In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth
quarter of 2016, the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) and China’s State Administration of Foreign Currency (SAFE)
promulgated a series of capital control measures, including stricter vetting procedures for domestic companies to
remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments and shareholder loan repayments.


The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting
process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and
the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of
payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          133
RISK FACTORS


The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced
income of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC
resident enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign
investor’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a reduced withholding rate
arrangement and such non-PRC resident enterprises constitute the beneficiary of such income.


Pursuant to an arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Hong
Kong Tax Treaty”) and relevant tax regulations of the PRC, subject to certain conditions, a reduced withholding
tax rate of 5% will be available for dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient can demonstrate it is
a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the beneficial owner of the dividends. The government adopted regulations in
2018 which stipulate that in determining whether a non-resident enterprise has the status as a beneficial owner,
comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors listed therein and the actual circumstances of the
specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it expressly excludes an agent or a designated payee
from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” We own the PRC subsidiaries through BeiGene HK. BeiGene HK
currently does not hold a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong,
and there is no assurance that the reduced withholding tax rate will be available.


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.


Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management bodies”
as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production and
operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, PRC regulations specify that
certain Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws
of foreign countries or territories and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling
shareholders, will be classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii)
financial and personnel decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes
of board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having
voting rights.


Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of these regulations,
in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the regulations to
evaluate the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC.




134     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any
of our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise. However, the tax resident status of
an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the
interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman
Islands holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable
PRC tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our
worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. If we are deemed a PRC
resident enterprise, dividends paid on our shares and any gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares
may be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident
enterprise ADS holders or shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the
case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS
holders or shareholders from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of
10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders).


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.


Pursuant to Chinese regulations, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC
resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC
taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial
purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value
of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of
the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly
derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable
assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration
of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction by direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar
arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to
be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred
and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer
relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place
of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to
available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable
tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public
stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax where such shares were acquired in a transaction
through a public stock exchange. As such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange
will not be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs by a non-PRC
resident enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax under these
regulations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          135
RISK FACTORS


There are uncertainties as to the application of these regulations, which may be determined by the tax authorities
to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are
involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation,
while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises
and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with these regulations or to establish
that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these regulations, for our previous and future
restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.


The PRC tax authorities have the discretion to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the
difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under these regulations, our income tax
costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.


Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.


The PRC government imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase
foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in
RMB, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated
in RMB to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of
our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to
limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities
or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our
subsidiaries.




136    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local governments.
Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.


Local governments in the PRC have granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC subsidiaries
as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of
government financial incentives are determined within the sole discretion of the local government authorities and
cannot be predicted with certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have
the ability to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or
eliminate incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a project
basis and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial
incentive agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy
all relevant conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of
the continued availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of
incentives would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-resident beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.


We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of equity
incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the PRC regulations, according to which, employees, directors,
supervisors and other management members participating in any share incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed
company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a domestic qualified
agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures.
We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our
directors and employees under PRC law. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration
requirements could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          137
RISK FACTORS


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates.


A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new medicines. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China for
pharmaceutical companies has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe
our strategies regarding research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are aligned with
the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies. Any such
change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the successful
research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or medicines in China and
reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing medicines in China.


Chinese authorities have become increasingly vigilant in enforcing laws affecting the pharmaceutical industry. Any
failure by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations or obtain and maintain
required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or termination of our business activities in China.
Reports of what have come to be viewed as significant quality-control failures by Chinese vaccine manufacturers
have led to enforcement actions against officials responsible for implementing national reforms favorable to
innovative drugs (such as ours). While not directly affecting us, this macro-industry event could cause state or
private resources to be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory enforcement,
which could adversely affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities and
increase our compliance costs.




138    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our American Depositary Shares and Ordinary Shares


The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
substantial losses to you.


The trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares can be volatile and fluctuate widely in response
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the performance and fluctuation of the
market prices of other companies with significant business operations in China that have listed their securities
in Hong Kong, Shanghai or the United States may affect the volatility in the price of and trading volumes for our
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. Some of these companies have experienced significant volatility.


In addition to market and industry factors, the price and trading volume for our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares may be highly volatile for various reasons, including: announcements of regulatory approval or a complete
response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in the regulatory
review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions, strategic relationships,
joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by regulatory agencies with
respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; any adverse changes
to our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical trials; the results of our
efforts to acquire or license additional medicines or drug candidates; variations in the level of expenses related to
our existing medicines and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and commercialization programs;
any intellectual property infringement actions in which we may become involved; announcements concerning
our competitors or the pharmaceutical industry in general; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing
expenses and profitability; manufacture, supply or distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations;
announcements about our results of operations that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is
enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry
metrics by third parties, including government statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or
financial analysts; changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true,
about our business, our competitors or our industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations
of exchange rates between the RMB, the U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other
transfer restrictions on our outstanding ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares; sales or perceived potential sales
of additional ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares by us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders;
general economic and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the United States, Hong Kong or Shanghai
equity markets; changes in accounting principles; trade disputes or U.S.-China government relations; and changes
or developments in the United States, PRC, EU or global regulatory environment.


In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual operating performance. Further, volatility in the
financial markets and related factors beyond our control may cause the ordinary share, ADS and/or RMB Share
price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           139
RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of capital markets in the United States, Hong Kong and Shanghai are different, which may
cause volatility in the market price of the RMB Shares, Offshore Shares and/or ADSs.


Our ADSs are listed on the NASDAQ in the United States under the symbol “BGNE”, our ordinary shares are listed
on the HKEX in Hong Kong under the stock code “06160”, and our RMB Shares are listed on the STAR Market in
the PRC. Under current PRC laws and regulations, our ADSs and ordinary shares listed on the NASDAQ and the
HKEX are not interchangeable or fungible with the RMB Shares listed on the STAR Market, and there is no trading
or settlement between either the NASDAQ or the HKEX on the one hand, and the STAR Market on the other hand.
The three markets have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity),
trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a
result of these major differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares might not be the
same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to
its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares,
and vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S., Hong Kong and Shanghai equity markets, the
historic market prices of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may not be indicative of the performance of
our securities going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.


Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to an
increased incidence of securities class action litigation, particularly in our industry in recent years. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares in the public market could cause the ordinary
share, ADS and/or RMB Share price to fall.


The price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at
a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.


As of February 14, 2022, 1,334,804,281 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
973,604,879 ordinary shares were held in the form of 74,892,683 ADSs, each representing 13 ordinary shares, and
115,055,260 were RMB Shares.




140     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders on May 11, 2020,
registering 300,197,772 ordinary shares, including 224,861,338 ordinary shares in the form of 17,297,026 ADSs to
be resold by the selling shareholders identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to time.
Furthermore, we have registered or plan to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may
issue in the future under our equity compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and vesting
of restricted share units and under our employee share purchase plan. If these additional securities are sold, or if it
is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares could decline. Amgen also has specified registration rights upon expiration of a lock-up period.


In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs, RMB Shares or other equity or debt
securities convertible into ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares in connection with a financing, acquisition, license,
litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to
our existing shareholders and could cause the ordinary share, ADS and/or RMB Share price to decline.


We face increased regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs due to our listing on the STAR Market of the SSE.


We are subject to the applicable laws, rules and regulations governing public companies listed on the STAR Market
in addition to the various laws, rules and regulations that we are subject to in the United States and Hong Kong.
The listing and trading of our equity securities in multiple jurisdictions and multiple markets will lead to increased
compliance obligations and costs for us, and we may face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory
authorities in these jurisdictions and markets, such as inquiries, investigations, enforcement actions and other
regulatory proceedings by regulatory authorities. In addition, we may be subject to securities litigation filed with the
courts in China by the investors with respect to the RMB Shares traded on the STAR Market.


The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may adversely affect the liquidity and value of
our ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares.


Our ADSs are traded on the NASDAQ, our existing ordinary shares maintained on our Cayman register in Cayman
Islands and Hong Kong register in Hong Kong, are traded on the HKEX, and our RMB Shares are traded on the
STAR Market. The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may dilute the liquidity of these
securities in one or all three markets and may adversely affect the maintenance of an active trading market for ADSs
in the United States, the ordinary shares in Hong Kong, and/or the RMB Shares in the PRC. The price of our ADSs,
ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares could also be adversely affected by trading of our securities on other markets.
We may decide at some point in the future to delist our RMB Shares from the STAR Market, and our shareholders
may approve such delisting. We cannot predict the effect such delisting of our RMB Shares on the STAR Market
would have on the market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ or our ordinary shares on the HKEX.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          141
RISK FACTORS


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares for return on your investment.


We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares as a source for any future dividend
income.


Our board of directors has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors
decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on,
among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the
amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual and
regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on
your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares will likely depend entirely upon any future price
appreciation of the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. There is no guarantee that the ordinary shares,
ADSs and/or RMB Shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. You may not realize a return on your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs
and/or RMB Shares and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares and trading
volume could decline.


The trading market for the ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do
not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease
coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares to
decline significantly.




142     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We are a Cayman Islands company. Because judicial precedent regarding the rights of shareholders is more
limited under Cayman Islands law than under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law, our shareholders may
have fewer shareholder rights than they would have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may
face difficulties in protecting their interests.


We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are
governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be further amended
from time to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands.
This common law is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well
as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on courts in the Cayman Islands.
The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not
as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong Kong,
mainland China and the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities
law than Hong Kong, mainland China or the United States. In addition, some states in the United States, such as
Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands.


In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders, with the
exception that shareholders may request a copy of the current amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated articles of association to determine
whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but
are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for shareholders to
obtain the information needed to establish facts necessary for a shareholder action or to solicit proxies from other
shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman Islands company, we may not have standing to
initiate a derivative action in a Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal court. As a result, shareholders may be
limited in their ability to protect their interests if they are harmed in a manner that would otherwise enable them to
sue in a United States federal court. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
to initiate a shareholder derivative action in Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal courts.


Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the United States and a substantial
portion of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or
impossible for shareholders to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the United
States in the event that shareholders believe that their rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong
Kong, the United States or otherwise. In addition, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of
China. To the extent our directors and executive officers reside outside of China or their assets are located outside
of China, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management inside
China. Even if shareholders are successful in bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may
render them unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is
no statutory recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong or China,
although the courts of the Cayman Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          143
RISK FACTORS


As a result of the above, shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as shareholders of
a Hong Kong company, a Chinese company or a U.S. company.


Voting rights of our ADS holders are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for the ADSs
will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying our ADS holders ADSs if they do not
vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect their interests.


Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs only
in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from ADS holders
in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote the holder’s
underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum
notice period required for convening an annual general meeting is 21 calendar days and the minimum notice period
required for convening an extraordinary general meeting is 14 calendar days. When a general meeting is convened,
ADS holders may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit them to withdraw their ordinary
shares to allow them to cast your vote with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary
and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to ADS holders or carry out their voting instructions
in a timely manner. We will make reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to our ADS
holders in a timely manner, but they may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the
depositary to vote your shares.


Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, ADS holders may not
be able to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs are
not voted as they requested.


Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying ADS holders’ ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if such holders do not give voting instructions to
the depositary, unless:


•     we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related voting materials;


•     we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


•     we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
      meeting; or


•     a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.




144    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if ADS holders fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, they
cannot prevent the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above,
and it may make it more difficult for such ADS holders to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares
are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association include provisions that could limit the ability
of others to acquire control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage in change-of-
control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell
their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control
in a tender offer or similar transaction.


For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue preferred
shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our board of
directors authorizes the issuance of preferred shares, the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall
and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely
affected.


Furthermore, our amended and restated articles of association permit our directors to vary all or any of the rights
attaching to any class of shares in issue without the consent of shareholders but only if such variation is considered
by the directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such holders. The amended and restated articles of
association provide that the holders must consent to any such material adverse changes in the manner set out
therein.


Because our directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each, shareholders can
only elect or remove a limited number of our directors in any given year. The length of these terms could present
an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control, which could be in the interest of our
shareholders.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          145
RISK FACTORS


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association designate specific courts as the sole and
exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which
could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of Cayman Islands will be the sole and exclusive forum for any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any director, officer or other employee of us to us or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time, or the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or any action asserting a claim governed by the
internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the U.S. laws). In connection with our offering and
listing on the STAR Market, our shareholders approved the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, which became effective on December 15, 2021. The Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the federal district courts of the United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In addition,
the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities is deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions; provided, however, that shareholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our
compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and rules and regulations thereunder.


These provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we
may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any shareholder bringing an
unsuccessful action against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection
with such unsuccessful action.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under certain circumstances
the fees, costs, and expenses that we incur in connection with actions or proceedings brought by any person or
entity, which we refer to as claiming parties, may be shifted to such person or entity. If a claiming party asserts
any claim; initiates any proceeding; or joins, offers substantial assistance to, or has a direct financial interest in any
claim or proceeding against us, and such claiming party or the third party that received substantial assistance from
the claiming party or in whole claim the claiming party had a direct financial interest is unsuccessful in obtaining
a judgment on the merits in which the claiming party prevails, then such claiming party shall (to the fullest extent
permitted by law) be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to all
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses, that we may incur in connection with such claim or
proceeding.




146    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Fee-shifting articles are relatively new and untested in the Cayman Islands, the United States, Hong Kong and
mainland China. The case law and potential legislative action on fee-shifting articles are evolving and there exists
considerable uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative responses to, such articles.
The application of our fee-shifting article in connection with claims under the Cayman Islands, the United States,
Hong Kong or Chinese securities laws, if any, will depend in part on future developments of the law. We cannot
assure you that we will or will not invoke our fee-shifting article in any particular dispute. Consistent with our
directors’ fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of the Company, the directors may in their sole discretion from
time to time decide whether or not to enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the law related to
fee-shifting articles, such as ours, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with
respect to such articles, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.


If a shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment sought, the attorneys’
fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party may be significant. This fee-shifting
article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or former shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating
lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by potential
plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent our shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from representing
our shareholders at all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the management and
direction of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.


Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.


ADSs are transferable only on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may
refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary
are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law,
government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, as amended, or for any
other reason, subject to ADS holders’ right to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares.
Temporary delays in the cancellation of ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares may arise because
the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books, the transfer of ordinary shares is
blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.


In addition, holders of ADSs may not be able to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares
when they owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order
to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or
other deposited securities.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT      147
RISK FACTORS


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions
of securities other than ADSs, and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The
Depository Trust Company (DTC), the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable
beneficial owner in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.


Dealings in ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to Hong Kong
stamp duty. There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
the ADSs.


In connection with our Hong Kong public offering in 2018, we established a branch register of members in Hong
Kong (the “Hong Kong share register”). Our ordinary shares that are traded on the HKEX, including those that may
be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these ordinary shares
on the HKEX are subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS to ordinary share conversion and trading
between the NASDAQ and the HKEX, we moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share
register to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects a sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.2% of the greater of the consideration for, or the
value of, shares transferred, with 0.1% payable by each of the buyer and the seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or conversion
of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have maintained all or a
portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers.
However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-
listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is
subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong
Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of the ADSs, the
trading price and the value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




148     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Holders of ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available.


The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian
for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses.
ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that their ADSs
represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making such payments or distributions if it is unlawful or
impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a
distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act, but that
are not properly registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. The depositary is
not responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if any government approval or registration
required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made by the depositary. We have no
obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to
holders of the ADSs. This means that holders of ADSs may not receive the distributions we make on our ordinary
shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to such holders. These
restrictions may materially reduce the value of our ADSs.


Holders of ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings.


From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares and deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares.


Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 55% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 14, 2022. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares, ADSs
and/or RMB Shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition,
these persons could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           149
RISK FACTORS


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.


A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (PFIC) for any taxable year if
either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of the
average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the composition of our income and assets, we believe that we were not a PFIC for the taxable year
ended December 31, 2021. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect to
each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, including our use of
proceeds from any equity offerings, and the value of our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to
the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares, which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we
may be a PFIC in any taxable year. The determination of whether we will be or become a PFIC may also depend,
in part, on how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets and the cash raised in equity offerings. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased United States income tax on gain recognized on the
sale or other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or
ADSs to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the United States federal income
tax rules. In addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.


Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we generally will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.




150    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.


Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation” (CFC), for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income for
U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income” and
investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each Ten
Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,” which
is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for
U.S federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is
not entirely certain.


Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in the future. Holders are
urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the consequences thereof.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          151
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                           2017           2018            2019            2020           2021
                                                      US$’ 000        US$’ 000       US$’ 000        US$’ 000       US$’ 000


Operating results
Product revenue, net                                     24,428        130,885         222,596        308,874         633,987
Collaboration revenue                                   213,959         67,335         205,616                –       542,296
Total revenues                                          238,387        198,220         428,212        308,874       1,176,283
Gross profit                                            233,413        169,515         357,022        238,217       1,011,377
Loss before income tax expense                           91,064        689,829         943,586      1,618,194       1,438,588
Net Loss                                                 93,299        674,033         950,578      1,600,523       1,413,354
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                   93,105        673,769         948,628      1,596,906       1,413,354
Profitability
Gross margin (%)                                           98%             86%            83%             77%            86%
Net profit margin (%)                                     -39%          -340%           -222%          -518%           -120%


                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                           2017           2018            2019           2020            2021
                                                      US$’ 000        US$’ 000       US$’ 000        US$’ 000       US$’ 000


Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash             239,602        740,713         620,775      1,390,005       4,382,887
Short-term investments                                  597,914      1,068,509         364,728      3,268,725       2,241,962
Working capital                                         763,509      1,697,390         862,384      3,885,491       6,014,325
Total assets                                         1,046,479       2,249,684      1,612,289       5,600,757      8,645,949
Total liabilities                                       362,248        496,037         633,934      1,731,514      2,402,962
Noncontrolling interest                                  14,422         14,445          16,150                –              –
Total equity (deficit)                                 684,231       1,753,647         978,355      3,869,243      6,242,987

(1)   Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
      were filed with SEC.




152     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OVERVIEW


We are a global, commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing, manufacturing,
and commercializing innovative medicines to improve treatment outcomes and expand access for patients
worldwide.


We currently have three approved medicines that were discovered and developed in our own labs, including
BRUKINSA®, a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) for the treatment of various blood
cancers; tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various solid tumor and blood
cancers; and pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2. We have obtained approvals to
market BRUKINSA® in the United States, China, EU, U.K., Canada, Australia and additional international markets,
and tislelizumab and pamiparib in China. By leveraging our China commercial capabilities, we have in-licensed the
rights to distribute 13 approved medicines for the China market. Supported by our global clinical development and
commercial capabilities, we have entered into collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such
as Amgen and Novartis to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


We are committed to advancing best and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-minded partners
to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Our internal clinical development
capabilities are deep, including a more than 2,200-person global clinical development team that is running more
than 90 ongoing or planned clinical trials in over 30 medicines and drug candidates. This includes more than 30
pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials across our portfolio, including our three internally discovered,
approved medicines. We have enrolled in our clinical trials more than 14,500 subjects, of which approximately one-
half have been outside of China.


We have built, and are expanding, our internal manufacturing capabilities through our state-of-the-art biologic and
small molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand of our medicines,
and plan to build a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey. We also work
with high quality CMOs to manufacture our internally developed clinical and commercial products.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization of over 8,000 employees in 23
countries and regions, including the United States, China, Europe, and Australia.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT       153
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RECENT DEVELOPMENTS


On April 19, 2022, we announced the presentation of updated data analyses from the Phase 3 RATIONALE-309 trial
of tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy plus placebo as a first-line treatment for
patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal cancer (RM-NPC), at the virtual American Society of Clinical
Oncology (ASCO) Plenary Series on April 19, 2022.


On April 15, 2022, we announced that the NMPA has granted approval to tislelizumab as a treatment for patients
with locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) who have disease progression or
are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy.


On April 11, 2022, we announced results from the Phase 3 ALPINE trial showing BTK inhibitor BRUKINSA ®
demonstrated superiority versus ibrutinib in overall response rate as assessed by an Independent Review
Committee in adult patients with relapsed or refractory (R/R) chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small
lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL).


On April 6, 2022, we announced that marketing authorization applications (MAA) for tislelizumab, submitted by
Novartis, the license holder in Europe, have been validated for regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency
(“EMA”) for patients with advanced or metastatic ESCC after prior systemic chemotherapy and for patients with
non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) including: As monotherapy for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic
NSCLC after prior chemotherapy in adults; in combination with carboplatin and either paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel
for the first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC in adults, and in combination with
pemetrexed and platinum-containing chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic
non-squamous NSCLC in adults whose tumors have no EGFR or ALK positive mutations.


On March 11, 2022, we announced that the NMPA has granted conditional approval to our anti-PD-1 antibody,
tislelizumab, for the treatment of adult patients with advanced unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-
high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors.


On February 22, 2022, we announced that the FDA has accepted a sNDA for BRUKINSA® for the treatment of adult
patients with CLL or SLL. CLL is the most common form of adult leukemia. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act
(PDUFA) target action date is October 22, 2022.


On February 22, 2022, we announced that the EMA has accepted for review two new indication applications for our
BTK inhibitor BRUKINSA®, for the treatment of patients with CLL and for the treatment of patients with marginal
zone lymphoma (MZL).


On February 17, 2022, we announced that BRUKINSA® received approval from Swissmedic for the treatment of
adult patients with Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (WM) who have received at least one prior line of therapy, or
for treatment-naïve patients who are not suited for standard chemo-immunotherapy. BRUKINSA® had previously
been granted orphan drug status.


On January 28, 2022, we announced that the CDE of the NMPA has accepted an sNDA for BRUKINSA® as a
treatment for adult patients with CLL or SLL and granted BRUKINSA® breakthrough therapy designation (BTD).



154    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On January 20, 2022, we announced that the CDE of the NMPA accepted an sNDA for BRUKINSA® as a treatment
for adult patients with WM.


On January 6, 2022, we announced that the NMPA approved our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab as a second- or
third-line treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC.


On December 20, 2021, we announced an option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop,
manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in North America, Europe, and Japan.
We granted Novartis an exclusive time-based option under which, upon exercise by Novartis prior to late 2023, we
agreed to jointly develop ociperlimab, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period
and for commercialization upon regulatory approvals in the licensed territory. During the option period Novartis
will conduct and fund additional global clinical trials of ociperlimab in combination with tislelizumab in selected
tumor types. In addition, following option exercise, both companies may conduct clinical trials globally to explore
combinations of ociperlimab with other cancer treatments. Following approval, we will co-detail the product in
the U.S. In addition, the companies entered into an agreement granting BeiGene rights to market, promote and
detail five approved Novartis oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT®
(pazopanib), AFINITOR® (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib).


On December 20, 2021, we announced the official launch of the BeiGene Bioisland Innovation Center (BIC) in
Guangzhou, China to enable scientists and entrepreneurs to accelerate development of highly differentiated,
cutting-edge medical innovations. The BIC is an innovator-centric incubator built on BeiGene’s goal of supporting
exploration of new paths to meet patient needs around the world.


On December 15, 2021, we announced that the United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory
Agency has granted a marketing authorization for BRUKINSA® in Great Britain, for the treatment of eligible adult
patients with WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of eligible patients
unsuitable for chemo-immunotherapy.


On December 13, 2021, we announced that we entered into a collaboration agreement with Nanjing Leads Biolabs,
Inc. (Leads Biolabs) granting BeiGene worldwide research, development and manufacturing rights and exclusive
commercialization rights outside of China to LBL-007, a novel investigational antibody targeting the LAG-3 pathway.
Leads Biolabs received an upfront cash payment and is eligible to receive additional milestone payments and
royalties pending successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of the licensed candidates.


On December 2, 2021, we announced inclusion in the NRDL of anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab in three new
indications, including in lung and liver cancers; BRUKINSA® in one new indication; and the initial listing for PARP
inhibitor pamiparib. The changes to the NRDL were effective on January 1, 2022.


On December 2, 2021, we announced the NMPA approved SYLVANT® (siltuximab for injection), licensed from EUSA
Pharma (EUSA), for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman disease (MCD) who are human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpes virus-8 (HHV-8) negative, also known as idiopathic MCD
(iMCD). Siltuximab is a monoclonal antibody approved in the United States, European Union, and other countries
and regions around the world.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         155
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On November 23, 2021, we announced the commencement of an initial public offering (the “STAR Offering”) on the
STAR Market of the SSE. The total number of shares offered in the STAR Offering was 115,055,260 ordinary shares,
par value US$0.0001 per share, which represents 8.62% of our total outstanding ordinary shares as of October 31,
2021, after giving effect to the shares being offered. The shares offered in the STAR Offering (the “RMB Shares”)
were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in the PRC and listed and traded on the STAR Market
in Renminbi. On November 30, 2021, we announced the public offering price of the RMB Shares was RMB192.60
per RMB Share, which equates to HK$234.89 per ordinary share and US$391.68 per ADS, based on an assumed
exchange rate of RMB0.81996 to HK$1.00 and RMB6.3924 to US$1.00. On December 14, 2021, we announced
that we completed the STAR Offering and the RMB Shares began trading on the STAR Market under the stock
code “688235” on December 15, 2021. The gross proceeds from the STAR Offering, before deducting underwriting
commissions and other estimated offering expenses, were approximately RMB22.2 billion, or approximately US$3.5
billion.


On November 23, 2021, we announced that the European Commission approved BRUKINSA® for the treatment
of adult patients with WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of patients
unsuitable for chemo-immunotherapy. The approval is applicable to all 27 EU member states, plus Iceland and
Norway.


On November 23, 2021, we announced that we purchased a 42-acre site at the Princeton West Innovation Park in
Hopewell, N.J. to house a new state-of-the-art manufacturing campus and clinical R&D center.


On November 14, 2021, we and NewBridge Pharmaceuticals, a specialty company in the Middle East and North
Africa regions established to bridge the access gap by partnering with global pharma and biotech companies,
announced that BRUKINSA® was approved in Saudi Arabia for the treatment of adult patients with mantle cell
lymphoma (MCL) who have received at least one prior therapy.




156        BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK


We were founded to fight cancer with a belief that millions of people around the world still have limited or no access
to high-quality, innovative, and affordable medicines. We also believe that the industry is in a time of fundamental
change driven by regulatory policy updates, scientific progress, and globalization. To seize this opportunity, we
have built key competitive advantages in research, clinical development, commercialization, and manufacturing that
are designed to drive our business into the future. We intend to continue to expand our competitive advantages and
become a global leader by focusing on the following key strategic imperatives:


1.   Research and innovation focus. We have built significant oncology research capabilities with a team of
     more than 700 scientists with a proven track record of discovering innovative medicines. Our approach is to
     leverage our deep internal capabilities and technology platforms to develop medicines that are expected to be
     highly impactful and have a clear differentiation hypothesis. The strength of our research has been validated
     by our global clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, and collaborations. From our internal discovery engine,
     we have successfully developed three approved medicines: BRUKINSA®, tislelizumab, and pamiparib. We are
     also developing ociperlimab (TIGIT antibody), which is in pivotal stage trials and was recently entered into an
     option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis for North America, Europe and Japan; BGB-11417
     (BCL2 inhibitor), which is expected to start pivotal trials in 2022; multiple early-stage clinical assets, including
     OX40, TIM3, and PI3K delta, HPK-1, that are expected to have initial clinical data readouts in 2022 and 2023;
     and have over 50 additional pre-clinical programs, approximately one-half of which may potentially be first-in-
     class or best-in-class. Going forward, we plan to continue to invest in research and innovation with the aim of
     discovering additional first-in-class or best-in-class innovative medicines for patients.


2.   World-class clinical development. We believe that global clinical development capabilities are essential
     to succeed in the current and future environment. We have built an internal clinical development and
     medical affairs team of over 2,200 people worldwide that develops our product candidates largely without
     the assistance of third-party CROs. We believe this approach has several benefits: first, we can be more
     inclusive in the location and number of clinical sites to help improve enrollment speed and the diversity of
     patients in our trials; second, we have control over our own technology systems and can focus on improved
     operational excellence; and third, we believe there are cost advantages through large scale and China-
     inclusive multi-regional clinical trials that have a broad patient population. We aim to improve the speed and
     cost-efficiency of clinical development while maintaining the highest global quality standards. We believe that
     our demonstrated ability to successfully complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical trials is one of our most
     important strategic competitive advantages and addresses a large challenge in the pharmaceutical industry
     – clinical development, which accounts for the majority of time and cost required to bring most oncology
     medicines to patients.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           157
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


3.    China commercial leadership. We have built a strong, science-based commercial team in China, with over
      3,100 colleagues spread across the country for broad and deep coverage and organized under experienced
      executive leadership. We have built a commercial portfolio of oncology medicines through our internal
      discovery and in-licensing efforts, striving to be a partner of choice and creating mutual benefits with our
      partners wherever possible. We believe that our commercial capabilities in China, coupled with our China-
      inclusive clinical development capabilities conducted at global-quality standards, enable us to attract
      favorable in-licensing opportunities. We plan to further leverage our China commercial organization and create
      advantages in scale, speed, and quality to continue to establish ourselves as a commercial leader in China.


4.    Global leadership, access, and reputation. In the United States, we market BRUKINSA® and have a targeted
      commercial team focused on medical thought leaders in blood cancer treatments. This competitive foothold is
      based on the differentiated clinical profile of BRUKINSA®. BRUKINSA® sales have continued to grow in the U.S.
      as we expand our label in multiple new indications. Our strategy is to commercialize our medicines broadly
      throughout the world. In Europe, we recently received approval for BRUKINSA® in WM, and we are launching
      the product across European countries. Our commercial capabilities have also expanded into Canada through
      our own affiliate and into Latin America through a distribution partner. In the Asia Pacific region, we have
      launched, or are planning to launch our products, including in China, Australia and other key countries. All
      together, BRUKINSA® has been approved in 45 countries, with additional filings pending or planned. We
      aspire to establish our reputation globally as a leading biotechnology company by continuing to deliver highly
      effective and differentiated medicines in the United States, China, Europe, and other international markets.


5.    Broad accessibility. We believe that our commercial scale in China, potentially lower costs and faster speed
      in clinical development, sizeable portfolio of innovative product candidates, and overall commercial expertise
      in serving large, underserved populations give us a unique competitive advantage and create an opportunity
      for us to be an early mover in providing innovative medicines at more affordable prices to many geographies
      that are not traditionally the focus for international pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. We plan to
      focus our long-term strategy on seeking approvals of our portfolio compounds globally and building clinical
      development and commercial capabilities in these markets, either alone or through our collaborators.




158    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Components of Operating Results


Revenue

Product Revenue


We generate product revenue through the sale of our three internally developed products and our in-licensed
medicines from our partners.


Revenues from product sales are recognized when there is a transfer of control from the Company to the customer.
The Company determines transfer of control based on when the product is delivered, and title passes to the
customer. Revenues from product sales are recognized net of variable consideration resulting from rebates,
chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives. Provisions for
estimated reductions to revenue are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded and are based
on contractual terms, historical experience and trend analysis.


Collaboration Revenue


We recognize collaboration revenue for amounts earned under collaborative and out-licensing arrangements. In
January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting Novartis rights to
develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in the United States, Canada, Mexico, member countries of
the European Union, United Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Russia, and Japan (the “Novartis
Territory”). There were two performance obligations identified at the outset of the agreement: (1) the exclusive
license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory, transfer of know-how and
use of the tislelizumab trademark and (2) conducting and completing ongoing trials of tislelizumab (R&D services).
Under this agreement, we received an upfront cash payment, which was allocated between the two performance
obligations identified in the agreement based on the relative standalone selling prices of the performance
obligations. The portion allocated to the license was recognized upon the delivery of the license right and transfer of
know-how. The portion of the upfront payment allocated to the R&D services was deferred and is being recognized
as collaboration revenue as the R&D services are performed using a percentage of completion method. Estimated
costs to complete are reassessed on a periodic basis and any updates to the revenue earned are recognized on a
prospective basis.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          159
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In December 2021, we expanded our collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option, collaboration and
license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor
ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, we entered into an agreement with Novartis which granted
us rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis oncology products, TAFINLAR ® (dabrafenib),
MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR® (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across
designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets.” There were three performance obligations identified
at the outset of the arrangement: (1) a material right for the option to the exclusive product license, (2) the right to
access ociperlimab in clinical trials during the option period provided to Novartis, combined with the initial transfer
of BeiGene know-how, and (3) conducting clinical trials of ociperlimab during the option period (R&D services). The
market development activities are considered immaterial in the context of the agreements. Under this agreement,
we received an upfront cash payment, which was allocated between the three performance obligations identified in
the agreement based on the relative standalone selling prices of the performance obligations. The portion allocated
to the material right was deferred and will be recognized at the earlier of when Novartis exercises the option and the
license is delivered or the expiration of the option period. The portion of the transaction price allocated to Novartis’
right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during the option period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-
how was deferred and is being recognized over the expected option period. The portion of the transaction price
allocated to the R&D services was deferred and is being recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D services
are performed over the expected option period.


The option exercise fee under the ociperlimab agreement is contingent upon Novartis exercising its right, and is
considered fully constrained until the option is exercised. The potential milestone payments that we are eligible to
receive under both of the Novartis collaborations were excluded from the initial transaction prices, as all milestone
amounts are variable consideration and were fully constrained due to uncertainty of achievement. Performance-
based milestones will be recognized when the milestone event is achieved or when the risk of revenue reversal is
remote. Sales-based milestones and royalties will be recognized when the underlying sales occur.




160    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Expenses

Cost of Sales


Cost of sales includes the costs to manufacture our internally developed commercial products, as well as costs
to purchase tislelizumab from Boehringer Ingelheim. Additionally, cost of sales included the cost of in-licensed
products purchased for sale in the PRC. Costs to manufacture inventory in preparation for commercial launch of
a product incurred prior to regulatory approval are expensed to research and development expense as incurred.
Cost of sales for newly launched products will not be recorded until the initial pre-launch inventory is depleted
and additional inventory is manufactured. To date, the Company’s initial pre-launch inventory for its commercial
products has been immaterial and has not had a significant impact on the Company’s gross margin.


Research and Development Expenses


Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development activities,
conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings. Our research and
development expenses consist of:


•    expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations (CROs), CMOs, and consultants
     that conduct and support clinical trials and preclinical studies;


•    costs of comparator drugs in certain of our clinical trials;


•    manufacturing costs related to pre-commercial activities;


•    costs associated with preclinical activities and development activities;


•    costs associated with regulatory operations;


•    employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and share-based compensation expense for
     research and development personnel;


•    in-process research and development costs expensed as part of collaboration agreements entered into; and


•    other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance
     and other supplies used in research and development activities.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT     161
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Our current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement of our internally
developed medicines and drug candidates:


•     BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib), a small molecule inhibitor of BTK;


•     tislelizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1;


•     ociperlimab, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIGIT;


•     pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2;


•     BGB-15025, an investigational hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1 (HPK1) inhibitor;


•     BGB-11417, an investigational small molecular inhibitor of Bcl-2;


•     BGB-A445, an investigational non-ligand competing OX40 monoclonal antibody;


•     BGB-16673, an investigational Chimeric Degradation Activating Compound, or CDAC, targeting BTK; and


•     BGB-A425, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3.


Research and development activities also include costs associated with in-licensed drug candidates, including:


•     R&D expense related to the co-development of pipeline assets under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.
      Our total cost share obligation to Amgen is split between R&D expense and a reduction to the R&D cost share
      liability;


•     sitravatinib, an investigational, spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor, licensed from Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.
      (Mirati);


•     ZW25 (zanidatamab) and ZW49, two investigational bispecific antibody-based product candidates targeting
      HER2, licensed from Zymeworks Inc. (Zymeworks); and


•     POBEVCY® (BAT1706), a biosimilar to Avastin® (bevacizumab), licensed from Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd. (Bio-
      Thera).




162     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We expense research and development costs when incurred. We record costs for certain development activities,
such as clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as
subject enrollment, clinical site activations or information our vendors provide to us. We expense the manufacturing
costs of our internally developed products that are used in clinical trials as they are incurred as research and
development expense. We do not allocate employee-related costs, depreciation, rental and other indirect costs to
specific research and development programs because these costs are deployed across multiple product programs
under research and development and, as such, are separately classified as unallocated research and development
expenses.


At this time, it is difficult to estimate or know for certain, the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that
will be necessary to complete the development of our internally developed and in-licensed medicines and drug
candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing such medicines and
drug candidates, including the uncertainty of:


•    successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials;


•    establishing an appropriate safety and efficacy profile;


•    establishing and maintaining commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party
     manufacturers;


•    receipt of marketing and other required approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;


•    successfully launching and commercializing our medicines and drug candidates, if and when approved,
     whether as monotherapies or in combination with our medicines and drug candidates or third-party products;


•    market acceptance, pricing and reimbursement;


•    obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our medicines and
     drug candidates;


•    continued acceptable safety and efficacy profiles of the products following approval;


•    sufficient supply of the products following approval;


•    competition from competing products; and


•    retention of key personnel.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           163
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our medicines and
drug candidates would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the commercialization or
development of that medicine or drug candidate.


Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect research and development
costs to increase for the foreseeable future as our development programs progress, as we continue to support
the clinical trials of our medicines and drug candidates as treatments for various cancers and as we move these
medicines and drug candidates into additional clinical trials, including potential pivotal trials. There are numerous
factors associated with the successful commercialization of any of our medicines and drug candidates, including
future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this
time based on our stage of development. Additionally, future commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control
may impact our clinical development and commercial programs and plans.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses


Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of product promotion costs, distribution costs,
salaries and related benefit costs, including share-based compensation for selling, general and administrative
personnel. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting,
auditing and tax services as well as other direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities,
travel costs, insurance and other supplies used in selling, general and administrative activities. We anticipate
that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods to support planned increases
in commercialization activities for our approved medicines, and the preparation for potential launch and
commercialization of additional in-licensed products from our collaborations and internally developed products,
if approved. We also expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods to support
our research and development efforts, including the continuation of the clinical trials of our treatments for various
cancers and the initiation of clinical trials for potential new indications or drug candidates. These cost increases
will likely be due to increased promotional costs, increased headcount, increased share-based compensation
expenses, expanded infrastructure and increased costs for insurance. We also incur significant legal, compliance,
accounting, insurance and investor and public relations expenses associated with being a public company with our
ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares listed for trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The Hong Kong
Stock Exchange and The STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively.




164    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Interest Income (Expense), Net


Interest Income


Interest income consists primarily of interest generated from our cash and short-term investments in money market
funds, time deposits, U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. agency securities.


Interest Expense


Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our bank loans and related party loan.


Other Income (Expense), Net


Other income consists primarily of gains recognized related to equity investments, government grants and subsidies
received that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations by us, realized and unrealized gains and
losses related to foreign currency exchange rates, unrealized gains and losses on equity securities, and realized
gains and losses on the sale of investments. We hold significant cash in the form of RMB-denominated deposits,
including the cash generated from the STAR Market offering in December 2021. Other income (expense) includes
foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses based on foreign currency exchange rates.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT    165
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020


The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,               Changes
                                                               2021           2020                             %
                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)


Revenues
Product revenue, net                                        633,987       308,874         325,113          105.3%
Collaboration revenue                                       542,296              –        542,296             N/A


Total revenues                                            1,176,283       308,874         867,409          280.8%


Expenses
Cost of sales – product                                     164,906         70,657         94,249          133.4%
Research and development                                  1,459,239      1,294,877        164,362           12.7%
Selling, general and administrative                         990,123       600,176         389,947           65.0%
Amortization of intangible assets                               750            846             (96)        (11.3)%


Total expenses                                            2,615,018      1,966,556        648,462           33.0%


Loss from operations                                      (1,438,735)   (1,657,682)       218,947          (13.2)%
Interest (expense) income, net                               (15,757)        1,998         (17,755)      (888.6)%
Other income, net                                            15,904         37,490         (21,586)        (57.6)%


Loss before income tax expense                            (1,438,588)   (1,618,194)       179,606          (11.1)%
Income tax benefit                                           (25,234)      (17,671)         (7,563)         42.8%


Net loss                                                  (1,413,354)   (1,600,523)       187,169          (11.7)%
Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest             –        (3,617)         3,617        (100.0)%


Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                    (1,413,354)   (1,596,906)       183,552          (11.5)%




166    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue

Total revenue increased by US$867.4 million to US$1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, from
US$308.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to collaboration revenue from the Novartis
arrangement, increased sales of our internally developed products, and increased sales from our in-licensed
products.


The following table summarizes the components of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively:


                                                      Year Ended December 31,                Changes
                                                             2021            2020                            %
                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)


Product revenue                                           633,987        308,874        325,113         105.3%
Collaboration revenue:
License revenue                                           484,646                –      484,646            N/A
Research and development service revenue                   53,671               –        53,671            N/A
Right to access intellectual property revenue               3,979               –         3,979            N/A


Total collaboration revenue                               542,296                –      542,296            N/A


Total Revenue                                           1,176,283        308,874        867,409         280.8%


Net product revenue consisted of the following:


                                                      Year Ended December 31,                Changes
                                                             2021            2020                            %
                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)


Tislelizumab                                              255,119        163,358         91,761          56.2%
BRUKINSA®                                                 217,987         41,702        176,285         422.7%
REVLIMID®                                                  70,065         47,372         22,693          47.9%
VIDAZA   ®
                                                           19,591         29,975         (10,384)       (34.6)%
ABRAXANE®                                                        –        17,770         (17,770)      (100.0)%
XGEVA®                                                     45,956            8,496       37,460         440.9%
BLINCYTO     ®
                                                           12,515                –       12,515            N/A
Other                                                      12,754             201        12,553      6,245.3%


Total product revenue                                     633,987        308,874        325,113         105.3%




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.     •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT        167
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Net product revenue was US$634.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to US$308.9 million
in the prior year, primarily due to increased sales of BRUKINSA® in the United States and China and tislelizumab
in China and in-licensed sales of Amgen’s XGEVA® and BLINCYTO® in China, which we began distributing in July
2020 and August 2021, respectively.


Product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were negatively impacted by adjustments of US$57.5
million as a result of compensating distributors for products previously sold at the pre-NRDL price, which remained
in the distribution channel, due to the first inclusion of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA®, and XGEVA® in the updated
NRDL effective March 1, 2021 and additional indications for tislelizumab, BRUKINSA® and pamiparib effective
January 1, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the inclusion of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA®, XGEVA®,
and pamiparib in the NRDL significantly increased patient demand that more than offset the net effect of price
reductions as a result of NRDL inclusion.


Global sales of BRUKINSA® totaled US$218.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a
422.7% increase compared to the prior year; U.S. sales of BRUKINSA® totaled US$115.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021 compared to US$18.2 million in the prior year. U.S. sales accelerated in the period, driven by
continued uptake in MCL and FDA approvals in WM and MZL. BRUKINSA® sales in China totaled US$101.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing growth of 331% compared to the prior year, driven by a
significant increase in all approved indications, including CLL/SLL.


Sales of tislelizumab in China totaled US$255.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a
56.2% increase compared to the prior year. During the year ended December 31, 2021, new patient demand from
broader reimbursement and further expansion of our salesforce and hospital listings continued to drive increased
market penetration and market share for tislelizumab. Full year 2021 sales of tislelizumab included two negative
adjustments totaling US$45.6 million for distributor channel inventory compensation as a result of inclusion in the
March 2021 and January 2022 NRDL lists.


Collaboration revenue totaled US$542.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. US$484.6 million was
recognized upon delivery of the tislelizumab license right and transfer of know-how to Novartis under our
collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, US$53.7 million was recognized from deferred revenue for
R&D services performed during the year ended December 31, 2021 under both the tislelizumab and ociperlimab
collaborations, and US$4.0 million was recognized from deferred revenue for Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab
over the option period (see Note 3). We did not have any collaboration revenue during the year ended December
31, 2020.


Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased to US$164.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from US$70.7 million for the
year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to increased product sales of BRUKINSA®, tislelizumab, and Amgen
products.




168    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross Margin

Gross margin on global product sales increased to US$469.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021,
compared to US$238.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to increased product revenue
in the current year period. Gross margin as a percentage of product sales decreased to 74.0% for the year ended
December 31, 2021, from 77.1% in the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the impact of the accrued
compensation in the first and fourth quarters of 2021 to customers for sales of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA®, and
XGEVA® that remained in the channel and were sold at the pre-NRDL price, as well as the ongoing lower prices
resulting from the listing on the NRDL. These negative impacts to our gross margin were partially offset by a
proportionally higher sales mix of global BRUKINSA® sales and sales of tislelizumab in China compared to lower
margin sales of in-licensed products. Pre-launch inventory carried at zero or low cost consumed during the year
ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was immaterial and did not have a significant impact on our
gross margin.


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$164.4 million, or 12.7%, to US$1.5 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2021, from US$1,294.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The following
table summarizes the external cost of development programs, upfront license fees, and internal research and
development expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:


                                                           Year Ended December 31,                    Changes
                                                                   2021             2020                               %
                                                                             (US dollars in thousands)


External research and development expense:
Cost of development programs                                   477,761          502,399          (24,638)          (4.9)%
Upfront license fees                                             83,500         109,500          (26,000)        (23.7)%
Amgen co-development expenses1                                 115,464          117,005           (1,541)          (1.3)%


Total external research and development expenses               676,725          728,904          (52,179)          (7.2)%
Internal research and development expenses                     782,514          565,973         216,541           38.3%


Total research and development expenses                      1,459,239        1,294,877         164,362           12.7%


1.   Our co-funding obligation for the development of the pipeline assets under the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
     December 31, 2021 totaled US$228.0 million, of which US$115.5 million was recorded as R&D expense. The remaining
     US$112.5 million was recorded as a reduction for the R&D cost share liability.


The decrease in external research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily
attributable to lower upfront license fees under collaboration agreements, lower external spending related to fees
paid to external CROs as we internalize previously outsourced activities, and a decrease in the expense recognized
on co-development fees to Amgen.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           169
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Internal research and development expense increased US$216.5 million, primarily attributable to the expansion
of our global development organization including the internalization of previously outsourced activities and the
continued development of our clinical and preclinical drug candidates, and included the following:


•     US$109.0 million increase of employee salary and benefits, primarily attributable to hiring more research and
      development personnel to support our expanding research and development activities;


•     US$52.4 million increase of facilities, depreciation, office expense, rental fees, and other expenses to support
      the growth of our organization;


•     US$21.4 million increase of share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount, resulting in more awards being expensed related to the growing employee population; and


•     US$17.7 million increase of materials and reagent expenses, primarily in connection with the in-house
      manufacturing of drug candidates used for clinical purposes; and


•     US$16.1 million increase of consulting fees, which was mainly attributable to increased travel and meeting
      expense related to scientific, regulatory and development consulting activities, in connection with the
      advancement of our drug candidates.


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$389.9 million, or 65.0%, to US$990.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021, from US$600.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was
primarily attributable to the following:


•     US$175.7 million increase of employee salary and benefits, which was primarily attributable to the expansion
      of our commercial organizations in China, the United States, Canada, Europe and emerging markets, and the
      hiring of more personnel to support our growing business;


•     US$119.1 million increase in external commercial-related expenses, including market research, sales and
      marketing, consulting and conference related expenses, related to the growth of our global commercial
      organization, as we continue to build our worldwide footprint and capabilities;


•     US$59.3 million increase of professional fees, consulting, recruiting, information technology, tax, accounting
      and audit services, and facility expenses, rental fees, office expenses, and other administrative expenses,
      primarily attributable to the global expansion of our business, including the expansion of our commercial
      operations in China, the United States and Europe; and


•     US$35.9 million increase in share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount of sales and administrative employees, resulting in more awards being expensed related to the
      growing sales and administrative employee population.




170     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Interest (Expense) Income, Net

Interest (expense) income, net decreased by US$17.8 million, or 888.6%, to US$15.8 million of net interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2021, from US$2.0 million of net interest income for the year ended December 31,
2020. The decrease in interest income, net, was primarily attributable to decreased interest income, as a result of
lower interest rates, as well as increased interest expense, resulting from higher debt balances.


Other Income, Net

Other income, net decreased by US$21.6 million to US$15.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, from
US$37.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
primarily due to the unrealized gain on our investment in Leap Therapeutics, as well as a realized foreign exchange
loss on the proceeds received from the STAR Market offering. The income for the year ended December 31,
2020 resulted from unrealized gains on equity investments, as well as a gain recognized in conjunction with the
deconsolidation of MapKure LLC.


Income Tax Benefit

Income tax benefit was US$25.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with income tax benefit
of US$17.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31,
2021 was primarily attributable to the deferred tax benefit of U.S. stock-based compensation deductions in excess
of tax expense on income reported in certain China subsidiaries as adjusted for certain non-deductible expenses.


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments


As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments
primarily comprised (i) US$2.8 billion denominated in US dollars; (ii) approximately RMB24.4 billion (equivalent to
approximately US$3.8 billion) denominated in Renminbi; and (iii) approximately US$23.3 million denominated in
Euro, Australian dollar, and other currencies.


Accounts receivable


Accounts receivable increased by 699.8% from US$60.4 million as of December 31, 2020 to US$483.1 million as
of December 31, 2021, primarily due to the invoicing of the US$300 million upfront fee related to the Ociperlimab
option, collaboration and license agreement, as well as the increase in product sales in China and the United States
for the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT        171
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Inventories


The inventories increased by 171.7% from US$89.3 million as of December 31, 2020 to US$242.6 million as of
December 31, 2021, primarily due to stock preparation for the increased sales of our internally-developed products
and in-licensed products.


Prepaid expenses and other current assets


Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Prepaid research and development costs                                                      87,239            71,341
Prepaid taxes                                                                               58,579            30,392
Other receivables                                                                           12,010            12,651
Interest receivable                                                                          5,052             6,619
Prepaid insurance                                                                            1,695             1,347
Prepaid manufacturing cost                                                                  78,538            25,996
Other current assets                                                                        27,060            11,666


Total                                                                                     270,173           160,012


Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased by 68.8% from US$160.0 million as of December 31, 2020 to
US$270.2 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to (i) the increase of prepaid VAT; (ii) the
expansion of manufacturing cost of our internally developed products.


Property, plant and equipment, net


The property, plant and equipment, net increased by 64.3% from US$357.7 million as of December 31, 2020 to
US$587.6 million as of December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to our ongoing buildout of the Guangzhou facilities
as well as the purchase of a 42-acre site located in Hopewell, NJ in November 2021.




172     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Accounts payable


Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$262.4 million and US$232.0 million as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.


The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payable as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:


                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2021              2020
                                                                                             (US dollars in thousands)


Within 3 months                                                                                257,977            230,638
3 to 6 months                                                                                     3,210                312
6 months to 1 year                                                                                1,110                147
Over 1 year                                                                                         103                860


Total                                                                                          262,400            231,957


Accrued expenses and other payables


Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:


                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2021              2020
                                                                                             (US dollars in thousands)


Compensation related                                                                           139,966            106,765
External research and development activities related                                           213,922            143,302
Commercial activities                                                                            71,560            66,131
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                            45,661            14,373
Sales rebates and returns related                                                                59,639            11,874
Other                                                                                            27,307              3,699


Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                      558,055            346,144


Accrued expenses and other payables increased by 61.2% from US$346.1 million as of December 31, 2020 to
US$558.1 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to (i) hiring of more personnel to support
our expanding commercial, research and clinical activities and our growing organization; (ii) expansion of clinical
trials for drug candidates, including the initiation or continuation of pivotal trials; and (iii) the impact of the accrued
compensation in 2021 to customers for sales of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA®, and pamiparib that remained in the
channel and were sold at the pre-NRDL price.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           173
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


The following table represents our cash, short-term investments, and debt balances as of December 31, 2021:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                               4,382,887        1,390,005
Short-term investments                                                                   2,241,962        3,268,725
Total debt                                                                                629,678           518,652


We have incurred annual net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, resulting from the
funding of our research and development programs and selling, general and administrative expenses associated
with our operations, as well as to support the commercialization of our products globally. We incurred net losses of
US$1.4 billion and US$1.6 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December
31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of US$5.0 billion.


To date, we have financed our operations principally through proceeds from public and private offerings of our
securities and proceeds from our collaborations, together with product sales since September 2017. Based on
our current operating plan, we expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of
December 31, 2021 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least
the next 12 months after the date of this announcement.


On June 28, 2021, the Listing Committee of the STAR Market of the SSE approved the listing application which
we submitted in January 2021 to the SSE for a proposed STAR Offering. On December 15, 2021, we completed
the initial public offering on the SSE. The shares offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for
by permitted investors in the PRC in Renminbi (RMB Shares). The public offering price of the RMB Shares was
RMB192.60 per ordinary share, or US$391.68 per ADS. In this offering, we sold 115,055,260 ordinary shares. Net
proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses were US$3.4 billion. As
required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering must be used in compliance with
the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as our proceeds management policy for the STAR
Offering approved by our board of directors.


In January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting Novartis rights to
develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and Japan. Under the agreement,
we received an upfront cash payment of US$650 million from Novartis. In December 2021, we expanded our
collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option, collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop,
manufacture and commercialize our investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition,
we and Novartis entered into an agreement granting us rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
oncology products. Under the terms of the agreement, we received an upfront cash payment of US$300 million in
January 2022, which is not included in our cash balance at December 31, 2021.




174    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
2020:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                        1,390,005          620,775
Net cash used in operating activities                                                   (1,298,723)       (1,283,461)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                       640,659         (3,168,366)
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                3,636,911        5,202,826
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 14,035           18,231


Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               2,992,882          769,230


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                              4,382,887        1,390,005


Operating Activities


Cash flows from operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and
liabilities.


Operating activities used US$1.3 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$1.4 billion and an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities of US$118.3 million,
partially offset by non-cash charges and adjustments of US$233.0 million. The non-cash charges and adjustments
were primarily driven by share-based compensation expense, charges for acquired in-process research and
development costs, and depreciation and amortization expense, offset by amortization of the research and
development cost share liability and deferred income tax benefits. The increase in working capital was driven
largely by increases in accounts receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses, offset by increases in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities and deferred revenue resulting from the upfront option payment
from Novartis.


Operating activities used US$1.3 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2020, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$1.6 billion, partially offset by non-cash charges and adjustments of US$166.5 million
and a decrease in our net operating assets and liabilities of US$150.6 million. The non-cash charges and
adjustments were primarily driven by share-based compensation expense, offset by amortization of the research
and development cost share liability. The decrease in working capital was driven largely by increases in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, offset by increases in inventory and prepaid expenses.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          175
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Investing Activities


Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures, investment purchases, sales,
maturities, and disposals, and upfront payments related to our collaboration agreements.


Investing activities provided US$640.7 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting of US$2.1
billion in purchases of short-term investment securities, US$262.9 million of capital expenditures, US$43.4 million in
purchases of intangible assets, US$43.5 million in purchases of long-term investments and US$8.5 million upfront
collaboration payments, all of which were offset by sales and maturities of investment securities of US$3.1 billion.


Investing activities used US$3.2 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2020, consisting of US$5.7 billion
in purchases of investment securities, US$117.5 million of capital expenditures, and US$109.5 million upfront
collaboration payments, all of which were offset by sales and maturities of investment securities of US$2.8 billion.


Financing Activities


Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of sale of ordinary shares, RMB Shares, and ADSs through
equity offerings, issuance and repayment of short-term and long-term debt, and proceeds from the sale of ADSs
through employee equity compensation plans.


Financing activities provided US$3.6 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting primarily of
US$3.4 billion of net proceeds from our STAR Offering in December 2021, US$406.4 million from proceeds of short-
term loans, US$92.8 million from the exercise of employee share options and proceeds from the issuance of shares
through our employee share purchase plan, US$50.0 million from the sale of our shares to Amgen, and US$16.8
million from proceeds of long-term bank loans. These inflows were partially offset by US$321.8 million of repayment
of short-term loans.


Financing activities provided US$5.2 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2020. This consisted primarily
of US$2.8 billion received from our collaboration with Amgen and US$2.1 billion from a registered direct offering of
ordinary shares to certain existing investors. Other inflows included US$93.1 million from the exercise of employee
share options and proceeds from the issuance of shares through our employee share purchase plan, and US$433.9
million from loan proceeds. These inflows were partially offset by US$144.3 million of repayment of principal under
the loan between Guangzhou High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd. (“GET”) BeiGene Biologics
(the “Shareholder Loan”) and US$28.7 million of cash consideration paid for the acquisition of the remaining 5%
minority interest in our subsidiary BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Biologics”).




176    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Effects of Exchange Rates on Cash


We have substantial operations in the PRC, which generate a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash from
product sales and require a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash to pay our obligations. Additionally,
on December 15, 2021, we received RMB21.7 billion in net proceeds from the STAR Offering. Since the reporting
currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar, periods of volatility in exchange rates may have a significant impact on
our consolidated cash balances.


Future Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements


Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue sufficient to cover our costs and capital
investments, we may be required to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt
financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, government grants, and other
available sources. Under the rules of the SEC, we currently qualify as a “well-known seasoned issuer,” which allows
us to file shelf registration statements to register an unspecified amount of securities that are effective upon filing.
In May 2020, we filed such a shelf registration statement with the SEC for the issuance of an unspecified amount of
ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs), preferred shares, various series of debt securities and/or warrants
to purchase any of such securities, either individually or in units, from time to time at prices and on terms to be
determined at the time of any such offering. This registration statement was effective upon filing and will remain in
effect for up to three years from filing, prior to which time we may file another shelf registration statement that will
be effective for up to three years from filing.


To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership
interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other
preferences that adversely affect your rights as a holder of ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares. Debt financing,
if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends, and may require the issuance
of warrants, which could potentially dilute your ownership interest. If we raise additional funds through collaboration
agreements, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable
rights to our medicines or drug candidates, future revenue streams or research programs, or to grant licenses on
terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings,
collaborations or other sources when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product
development or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or drug candidates that
we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.


Our material cash requirements in the short- and long-term consist of the following operational, capital, and
manufacturing expenditures, a portion of which contain contractual or other obligations. We plan to fund our
material cash requirements with our current financial resources together with our anticipated receipts of accounts
receivable, product sales and royalty revenues, and reimbursements we expect to receive under our existing
collaboration and license agreements.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           177
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


CONTRACTUAL AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS


The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2021:


                                                                            Payments Due by Period
                                                                          Total      Short-term          Long-term
                                                                             (US dollars in thousands)


Contractual obligations:
Operating lease commitments                                             70,218            24,225            45,993
Purchase commitments                                                   168,687          110,345             58,342
Debt obligations                                                       629,678          427,565            202,113
Interest on debt                                                        57,299            24,336            32,963
Co-development funding commitment                                      791,059          244,800            546,259
Funding commitment                                                      12,750             4,250             8,500
Research and development commitment                                     27,985             5,659            22,326
Pension plan                                                             7,814             1,604             6,210
Capital commitments                                                     42,394            42,394                 –


Total                                                                1,807,884          885,178            922,706


Operating Lease Commitments


We lease office or manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou in China; office facilities
in California, Massachusetts, Maryland, and New Jersey in the United States; and in Basel, Switzerland under
non-cancelable operating leases expiring on various dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on
a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms. The aggregate future minimum payments under these non-
cancelable operating leases are summarized in the table above.


Purchase Commitments


As of December 31, 2021, purchase commitments amounted to US$168.7 million, of which US$76.0 million
related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from CMOs and US$92.7 million related to
binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS and Amgen. We do not have any minimum purchase
requirements for inventory from BMS or Amgen.




178     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Debt Obligations and interest


Total debt obligations coming due in the next twelve months is US$427.6 million. Total long-term debt obligations
are US$202.1 million. See Note 15 in the Notes to the Financial Statements for further detail of our debt obligations.


Interest on bank loans and the Related Party Loan is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. For
the purpose of contractual obligations calculation, current interest rates on floating rate obligations were used for
the remainder contractual life of the outstanding borrowings.


Co-Development Funding Commitments


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we are responsible for co-funding global clinical development costs for
the licensed oncology pipeline assets, up to a total cap of US$1.25 billion. We are funding our portion of the
co-development costs by contributing cash and/or development services. As of December 31, 2021, our remaining
co-development funding commitment was US$0.8 billion.


Funding Commitment


Funding commitment represents our committed capital related to one of our equity method investments in the
amount of US$15.0 million. As of December 31, 2021, our remaining capital commitment was US$12.8 million and
is expected to be paid from time to time over the investment period.


Research and Development Commitment


We entered into long-term research and development agreements, which includes obligations to make upfront
payments and fixed quarterly payments over the next five years. As of December 31, 2021, the total research and
development commitment amounted to US$28.0 million.


Pension Plan


We maintain a defined benefit pension plan in Switzerland. Funding obligations under the defined benefit pension
plan are equivalent to US$1.6 million per year based on annual funding contributions in effect as of December 31,
2021 to achieve fully funded status where the market value of plan assets equals the projected benefit obligations.
Future funding requirements will be subject to change as a result of future changes in staffing and compensation
levels, various actuarial assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           179
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Capital Commitments


We had capital commitments amounting to US$42.4 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
as of December 31, 2021, which were mainly for our biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China, small
molecule manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, and research and development operations at the Changping
facility in Beijing, China.


Other Obligations


We expect to make a significant investment in our future manufacturing facility in the United States, a 42-acre site
that will be constructed in Hopewell, NJ, and for which we purchased for US$75.2 million. We expect significant
capital expenditures as we build out the Hopewell facility over the next several years.


We also enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with CROs to provide research and development
services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time by us with prior written notice.


We also enter into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual property. We may
be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments on
future sales of specified products associated with these agreements. Payments under these agreements generally
become due and payable upon achievement of such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on
our balance sheet because the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When
the achievement of these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in our
financial statements. Future milestone payments potentially owed related to in-licensed technology totaled US$5.7
billion as of December 31, 2021.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES


Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate
our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We
base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various
factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Certain of these estimates are considered critical as they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and
have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our critical
accounting estimates are summarized below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this
Annual Report for a description of our significant accounting policies.




180     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue Recognition


We recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods or services to our customers. Revenue is measured as
the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods and services. We generate revenue from
product sales and revenue transactions with our collaboration partners.


Product Revenue

To determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct
customer, we estimate any rebates, chargebacks or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and
other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in
making these estimates. We include variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that
a significant reversal will not occur and estimate variable consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts
and allowances, sales returns allowances, and other incentives using the expected value method.


Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government and
commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of NRDL pricing, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,
sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and our
customers, health care providers and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into
consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical
experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events
and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns.


We base our sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by
third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly launched
products where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially calculated based
on benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or benchmarking data we use
to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a change in the allowance would be made
in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues in that period could be materially affected. Any
changes from the historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return allowance. To date,
sales returns have not been significant.


Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from our estimates. We will reassess estimates
for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we will adjust these
estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          181
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Collaboration Revenue

Our collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation, including
grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreements to provide research and development services and
other deliverables. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require
significant judgments to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the
contract.


Standalone selling prices for licenses of intellectual property and the right to access and use intellectual property
during an option period performance obligations are determined based on the probability-weighted present value
of forecasted cash flows associated with the intellectual property. Stand-alone selling prices for research and
development services performance obligations are based on the present value of estimated clinical trial costs plus
a reasonable margin.


The estimates of standalone selling prices involve management’s key assumptions such as revenue growth rate,
estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory success, and discount rates.
These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic, regulatory and market
conditions.


Research and Development Expenses


Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We have a history of
contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development
of our product candidates. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates of the actual
services performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for
instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the
related accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in
the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


The process of estimating our external research and development expenses involves reviewing open contracts and
purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf
and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not
yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears
for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some
require advanced payments. We make estimates of our expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial
statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services
performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting
expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments
to our prior estimates of research and development expenses.




182    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Taxes


Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years.
Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these
future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources,
including reversal of temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies.
These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including historical
experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements.


INTEREST AND CREDIT RISK


Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
short term investments and accounts receivable.


We had cash and cash equivalents of US$4.4 billion and US$1.4 billion, restricted cash of US$7.2 million and
US$8.1 million, and short-term investments of US$2.2 billion and US$3.3 billion, at December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions located
within or without the PRC. The deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or
commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim
our deposits back in full. We believe that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, and we continually
monitor the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. At December 31, 2021, our short-term investments
consisted primarily of U.S. treasury securities. We believe that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and
continually monitor the credit worthiness of these institutions.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2021   ANNUAL REPORT      183
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity, and maximize income
without significant increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk relates to fluctuations in the interest rates,
which are affected by changes in the general level of PRC and U.S. interest rates. Given the short-term nature of
our cash equivalents, we believe that a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a
material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operation. We estimate that a hypothetical 100-basis
point increase or decrease in market interest rates would result in a decrease of US$15.1 million or increase of
US$6.7 million, respectively, in the fair value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2021.


We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments have significant risk of default or
illiquidity. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments do not contain excessive risk,
we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future investments will not be subject to adverse changes in
market value.


We had accounts receivable, net of US$483,113,000 and US$60,403,000 at December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales and amounts due from the
our collaboration partners. We monitor economic conditions to identify facts or circumstances that may indicate
receivables are at risk of collection. To date, we have not experienced any significant losses with respect to the
collection of our accounts receivable.


CURRENCY CONVERTIBILITY RISK


A significant portion of our expenses, assets, and liabilities are denominated in RMB. In 1994, the PRC government
abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the People’s Bank
of China (the PBOC). However, the unification of exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may be readily
convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place
either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted
by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a
payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.


Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international economic
and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market.




184    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK


We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Our reporting currency is the U.S.
dollar, but a portion of our operating transactions and assets and liabilities are in other currencies, such as RMB,
Euro, and Australian dollar.


RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value of RMB against
the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic
conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. Since 2005, the RMB has been permitted to fluctuate within a
narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. The RMB compared to the U.S. dollar
appreciated approximately 2.3% and appreciated approximately 6.3% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
2020, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the
exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for capital expenditures, working capital and other
business purposes, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount
we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business
purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount
available to us.


In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our foreign cash balances and trade receivables. Further, volatility in exchange rate fluctuations may
have a significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income
(loss). We have not used derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign exchange risk.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION


Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical development costs. We do not believe that
inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021.


GEARING RATIO


The gearing ratio of the Company, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 10.1% as of December 31, 2021, representing a decrease from 13.4% as of December 31,
2020. The decrease was primarily due to the net proceeds from the STAR Market offering on December 15, 2021.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          185
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not hold any other significant
investments as of December 31, 2021.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS


As of December 31, 2021, we expect to make a significant investment in our future manufacturing facility in the
United States, a 42-acre site that will be constructed in Hopewell, NJ, and for which we purchased for US$75.2
million. We expect significant capital expenditures as we build out the Hopewell facility over the next several years.


Except as disclosed above, we did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets as of December
31, 2021.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES


During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY


As of December 31, 2021, we had a global team of approximately 8,000 employees, which increased from 5,100
employees as of December 31, 2020. Most of our employees are full-time.


The remuneration policy and package of the Company’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash
compensation and benefits, we may issue share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted
share units, unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to
our employees in accordance with our equity plans. We also provide external and internal training programs to our
employees. The packages were set by benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies of similar
size. The total remuneration cost incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021 was US$1.0
billion (2020: US$663.8 million).




186    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLEDGE OF ASSETS


As of December 31, 2021, we pledged a restricted deposit of US$7.2 million primarily consist of RMB-denominated
cash deposits held in designated bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit (December 31, 2020: US$8.1
million) and BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s land use right and certain BeiGene Guangzhou Factory fixed assets of
the first phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build out with a total carrying amount of US$145.8 million
(December 31, 2020: US$148.6 million) were secured for long-term bank loans.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES


As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2020: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT         187
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) consists of 12 Directors, comprising one executive Director, two non-executive
Directors, and nine independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about our
Directors as of April 20, 2022:


Name                                     Age     Position


Mr. John V. Oyler                        54      Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                        59      Non-executive Director
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                    67      Non-executive Director
Mr. Timothy Chen                         65      Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                   65      Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                     77      Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                       47      Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                     48      Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Thomas Malley                        53      Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Alessandro Riva                      61      Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          65      Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                          50      Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 54, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. He has
served as a member of our Board since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was acquired by
Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive Officer of
Galenea Corp., a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central nervous
system diseases, which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2002,
Mr. Oyler was a Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in 2007.
From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Incorporated, an oncology-focused
biopharmaceutical company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management
consultant at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
June 1990 and an MBA from Stanford University in January 1996. We believe that Mr. Oyler’s extensive leadership,
executive, managerial, business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company experience, along with his years
of industry experience in the development of pharmaceutical products qualifies him to serve as a member of the
Board.




188      BEIGENE, LTD.     •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Xiaodong Wang , Ph.D., aged 59, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of the Board since February
2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang has served as
the founding Co-Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and became its
Director and Investigator in 2010. In addition, Dr. Wang has served as a Chair Professor at Tsinghua University
since 2020. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator from 1997 to 2010 and held the
position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical Sciences at the University
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr. Wang founded Joyant
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the development of small
molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang serves as a non-executive director and member of the compensation
committee of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd. (HKEX: 2197). Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing
Normal University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a
foreign associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience
in cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualifies him to serve as a member
of the Board.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper , aged 67, has served as a member of the Board since January 2020. Mr. Hooper retired
from Amgen in January 2020, where he was Executive Vice President from September 2018 to January 2020,
and Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations from 2011 to August 2018. From 2010 to 2011, Mr.
Hooper was Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations and President, U.S., Japan and Intercontinental of
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS). From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Hooper was President, Americas of BMS. From
2004 to 2009, Mr. Hooper was President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals, Worldwide Pharmaceuticals Group, a division of
BMS. Prior to that, Mr. Hooper held various senior leadership positions at BMS. Prior to joining BMS, Mr. Hooper
was Assistant Vice President of Global Marketing for Wyeth Laboratories. Mr. Hooper earned law and MBA degrees
from the University of South Africa in 1978 and 1988 respectively. Mr. Hooper serves on the board of MannKind
Corporation, a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MNKD). Mr. Hooper is a consultant of Amgen.
We believe Mr. Hooper’s extensive experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and broad international
experience in pharmaceutical commercial operations qualify him to serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the
Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT         189
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Mr. Timothy Chen , aged 65, has served as a member of the Board since February 2016. Mr. Chen has served as
the Deputy Chairman and a member of the board of directors of Suirui Technology Group Limited since January
2019. From January 2018 to November 2018, Mr. Chen served as the Chairman of Foxconn Industrial Internet
Company, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange since June 2018. From January 2016 to March
2018, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Asia Pacific Telecom and as the Corporate Vice
President of Hon Hai Technology Group. He served as the President of Telstra International Group and Advisor to
Telstra Chief Executive Officer from November 2012 to December 2015. He was also the Chairman of Autohome,
a company listed on the NASDAQ and a director of Qingdao Haier Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange. He was a Non-Executive Director on the board of Telstra Corporation Limited, a company listed
on the Australian Securities Exchange between April 2012 and November 2012, and an Independent Director of
Guiyang Longmaster Information and Technology Company Limited, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange from October 2010 to October 2013. Previously, Mr. Chen was a partner of a China Opportunities Fund
within GL Capital Group. He was the Chief Executive Officer of National Basketball Association China from 2007 to
2010; the Corporate Vice President of Microsoft and the Chief Executive Officer of its Greater China Region from
2003 to 2007; and the Corporate Vice President of Motorola and the Chairman and President of Motorola (China)
Electronics from 2001 to 2003. Before Motorola, he was the Chief Executive Officer of 21CN Cybernet, a company
listed on the HKEX from 2000 to 2001. Prior to 2000, Mr. Chen spent eight years in China with Motorola, including
serving as the General Manager responsible for the sales and marketing for the Greater China Cellular Infrastructure
Division. He also spent nine years with AT&T Bell Laboratories in the United States. Mr. Chen currently serves as
an Independent Non-Executive Director of CCID Consulting Company Limited, a company listed on the HKEX. Mr.
Chen also serves as a Director of Asia Pacific Telecom, a company listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Mr. Chen
earned an MBA Degree from the University of Chicago in August 1991 and a master’s degree in both computer
science and mathematics from Ohio State University in June 1982. We believe that Mr. Chen’s extensive business
expertise in Asia and globally qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.


Margaret Han Dugan, M.D., aged 65, has served as a member of the Board since February 1, 2022. Dr. Dugan is
currently Chief Medical Officer at Dracen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately held pharmaceutical company based
in New York that leverages immuno-metabolism in oncology. She joined Dracen in 2018 with more than 20 years
of experience in oncology and previously held senior leadership roles at Novartis Oncology, including Senior Vice
President and Global Program Head, developing innovative medicines for patients. Dr. Dugan also held several
development positions at Schering-Plough (now Merck & Co.) and American Cyanamid (now Pfizer). Dr. Dugan
received her B.A. and medical degrees and training in hematology and oncology from New York University. We
believe that Dr. Dugan’s extensive scientific and leadership experience in the healthcare sector qualifies her to
serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the Board.




190    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Donald W. Glazer , aged 77, has served as a member of the Board since February 2013. Mr. Glazer has served
as a member of the Board of Trustees of GMO Trust, a mutual fund group, since 2000 and as the Chairman of
the board of GMO Trust since 2005. Mr. Glazer was a Co-Founder and Secretary, and from 2002 until 2010, Vice
Chairman, of Provant, Inc., a provider of performance improvement training solutions. From 1992 to 1995 Mr.
Glazer was President of Mugar/Glazer Holdings and from 1992 to 1993 served as Vice Chairman-Finance of New
England Television Corp. and WHDH-TV, Inc. From 1997 to the present, Mr. Glazer has served as Advisory Counsel
to the law firm Goodwin Procter LLP. From 1970 to 1978 Mr. Glazer was an associate and from 1978 to 1992 a
partner at the law firm Ropes & Gray LLP. At Ropes & Gray, Mr. Glazer chaired the firm’s Emerging Companies
Group. Mr. Glazer was also a Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School from 1978 to 1991, teaching a course called
The Business Lawyer. In addition to Provant, Inc. and New England Television Corp., Mr. Glazer is a former member
of the boards of directors of Environics Inc.; Kronos Incorporated; Reflective Technologies, Inc.; and Teleco Oilfield
Services Inc. Mr. Glazer received his A.B. from Dartmouth College in June 1966; J.D. from Harvard Law School in
June 1969, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review; and L.L.M. from the University of Pennsylvania Law
School in May 1970. Additionally, Mr. Glazer is a co-author of both Glazer and FitzGibbon on Legal Opinions, Third
Edition (Aspen Publishers) and Massachusetts Corporation Law & Practice, Second Edition (Aspen Publishers).
We believe that Mr. Glazer’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his extensive leadership, executive,
managerial, business, and corporate legal experience.


Mr. Michael Goller , aged 47, has served as a member of the Board since April 2015. Mr. Goller is a Partner at
Baker Brothers Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of JPMorgan
Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Goller
began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller serves on the
board of directors of DBV Technologies SA, a company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris. From 2017
to 2019, he served on the board of directors of Levo Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Goller received a B.S. in Molecular
and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997, and a Master’s in both Biotechnology
(School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton School) from the University of
Pennsylvania in May 2005. We believe that Mr. Goller is qualified to serve on the Board based on his experience in
the life sciences industry and for his knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.


Mr. Ranjeev Krishana , aged 48, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014 and as our Lead Director
since February 2020. Mr. Krishana has worked at Baker Bros. Advisors LP, from 2011 to the present and currently
serves as Head of International Investments. Prior to joining Baker Bros, Mr. Krishana held a series of commercial,
strategy, and business development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across a variety of
international regions and markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was at Pfizer
from 2003 to 2007 and from 2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China, where he
served as a Senior Director and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his career as a
strategy consultant at Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Brown
University in May 1995, and a Master’s of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2001. We believe Mr.
Krishana’s knowledge of the healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on the Board.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT           191
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Thomas Malley , aged 53, has served as a member of the Board since January 2016. Mr. Malley has served as
president of Mossrock Capital, LLC, a private investment firm, since May 2007. Mr. Malley worked for Janus Mutual
Funds in positions of increasing responsibility from April 1991 to May 2007. From January 1999 to May 2007, Mr.
Malley served as the portfolio manager of the Janus Global Life Sciences Fund and also led the Janus healthcare
team of analysts. From 1991 to 1998, Mr. Malley served as an equity analyst for Janus covering, among others,
healthcare and biotechnology stocks. Mr. Malley received a B.S. in Biology from Stanford University in June 1991.
Mr. Malley has held directorships in the following listed companies: Kura Oncology, Inc., a company listed on the
NASDAQ, as a director since 2015; Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., a company listed on the NASDAQ, as a director
since 2016; OvaScience, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its merger with Millendo Therapeutics, Inc.
in December 2018, as a director from 2012 to 2017; Synageva BioPharma Corp., a Company listed on the NASDAQ
prior to its delisting in May 2015 in connection with the sale of the company, as a director from 2006 to 2015; Puma
Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ, as a director from 2011 to 2015; and Cougar Biotechnology,
Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its delisting in July 2009 in connection with the sale of the company,
as a director from 2007 to 2009. We believes that Mr. Malley’s experience in the biopharmaceutical industry,
including serving on other boards of directors, and his financial and executive experience qualify him to serve on
the Board.


Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders, Ph.D., aged 65, has served as a member of the Board since August 2020. Dr.
Sanders most recently served as an Interim Transition Advisor to the Global Development Group of Bristol Myers
Squibb Corporation from November 2019, following its acquisition of Celgene Corporation, until February 2020.
Previously, Dr. Sanders served as a Strategic Advisor to the Office of the Celgene Chief Medical Officer from March
2018 to November 2019. From January 2017 to March 2018, she was a member of the Juno Therapeutics Executive
Committee as Executive Vice President of Development Operations, with responsibilities for strategic operations,
quantitative sciences, biosample and clinical operations. From 1994 to 2017, Dr. Sanders held leadership positions
at Genentech/Roche, including as a member of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Portfolio Committee, Global Head
of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Clinical Operations, Global Head of the Genentech/Roche Biometrics group,
and Genentech Head of DATA (Design, Analysis, Technology & Administration) prior to the Roche acquisition.
Dr. Sanders currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research
Center in Seattle, WA, and as a director of the following biotechnology companies: Molecular Templates Inc.
(NASDAQ: MTEM), Legend Biotech Corporation (NASDAQ: LEGN), AltruBio Inc. (formerly AbGenomics) (privately
held), and Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: RARE). Dr. Sanders earned her B.S. and M.S. in statistics,
graduating Magna Cum Laude from the University of the Philippines, and her M.A. and Ph.D. in statistics from the
Wharton Doctoral Program at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Dr. Sanders’ extensive experience
and knowledge in the healthcare sector and her scientific and leadership experience qualify her to serve on, and
contributes to the diversity of, the Board.




192    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                           DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Alessandro Riva, M.D., aged 61, has served as a member of the Board since February 1, 2022. Dr. Riva is
currently Chief Executive Officer of Intima Bioscience, Inc., a privately held clinical stage gene and cell therapy
company. From 2019 to 2021, he served as Chief Executive Officer at privately held Ichnos Sciences, where he
built a biotechnology company focused on bi- and tri-specific antibodies in oncology and biologics in autoimmune
diseases. From 2017 to 2019, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Therapeutics and
Cell & Gene Therapy at Gilead Sciences, where he was instrumental in the acquisition of Kite Pharma. Prior to
Gilead, from 2005 to 2016, Dr. Riva was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Development and
Medical Affairs at Novartis Pharmaceuticals, where he contributed significantly to the Oncology Business Unit
and the Cell and Gene Therapy Unit. He was also interim President of Novartis Oncology during the acquisition
of GSK Oncology. Dr. Riva is currently on the board of directors of Century Therapeutics, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed
biotechnology company developing innovative iPSC-derived NK and T cell therapies. He previously held roles at
Farmitalia Carlo Erba, Rhône-Poulenc Rorer and Aventis and co-founded the Breast Cancer International Research
Group (BCIRG) and the Cancer International Research Group (CIRG), where he served as Chief Executive Officer.
He received his M.D. in medicine and surgery from the University of Milan and a certificate board in oncology and
hematology from the same institution. We believe that Dr. Riva’s extensive scientific and management experience in
the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the Board.


Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 50, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014. Mr. Yi is a Partner at
Hillhouse Capital. He has worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse,
Mr. Yi was an Equity Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse
includes investments in the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi
received a B.S. degree in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University
of Southern California in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of
the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on the Board.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The following table provides information about members of our senior management, as of April 20, 2022, other than
Mr. John Oyler, who is included above as an executive Director:


Name                                    Age         Position


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.                       60          President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China
Julia Wang*                             51          Chief Financial Officer
Lai Wang, Ph.D.                         45          Global Head of R&D

*    Dr. Howard Liang retired from the Company on June 30, 2021, at which time Julia Wang, Senior Vice President, Enterprise
     Optimization and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of the Company, became Chief Financial Officer.


**   On March 2, 2022, Dr. Jane Huang, Chief Medical Officer, Hematology, provided notice of her resignation from the
     Company effective April 3, 2022.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT           193
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. , aged 60, joined our Company in April 2018 as our President and General Manager of China and
has been appointed to an additional position of Chief Operating Officer, effective April 1, 2021. He has more than
25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 17 years leading China operations of multinational
companies, with expertise in research and development, strategy, commercialization and general management.
Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to
April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018.
Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth to become a leading multinational pharmaceutical
company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President and Managing Director of Wyeth China and Hong
Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as the General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China
from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales and marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu served as a
Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical Association Committee (RDPAC) in China from 2008 to 2018. Dr.
Wu currently serves on the board of directors of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd., a company listed on the HKEX.
He also serves as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber of Commerce of China’s National Association of
Industry & Commerce. He is also a research fellow at the Research Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem
(NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China. In addition to his duties in industry associations,
Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards, including most recently “Person of the Year” in Healthy China
Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese Healthcare Industry” and the “2017 Social
Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Pharmacology and a Diploma in
Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the University of Konstanz in Germany.


Julia Wang , aged 51, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Ms. Wang joined our Company in
June 2020 as Senior Vice President, Enterprise Optimization and Deputy CFO. Prior to joining BeiGene, from 2018
to 2020, Ms. Wang served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Finance and Corporate Planning at Alexion
Pharmaceuticals, a rare disease biopharmaceutical company operating in more than 50 countries. From 2015 to
2018, she held leadership positions at Quest Diagnostics, including Vice President of U.S. Regional Finance and
Enterprise Commercial, and Vice President of Finance, Value Creation. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Wang held senior
leadership roles at Johnson & Johnson (J&J) as CFO of various operating businesses, including Xian-Janssen,
J&J’s pharmaceutical business in China. Previously, she also led finance initiatives at PepsiCo. Ms. Wang received
an MBA from Fuqua School of Business at Duke University in 1999 and a BA in British Language and Literature
from Shandong Normal University in 1992.


Lai Wang, Ph.D. , aged 45, has served as our Global Head of R&D since April 2021. Dr. Wang joined our Company
in May 2011 with increasing responsibilities over the years and most recently as Senior Vice President, Head of
Global Research, Clinical Operation & Biometrics and APAC Clinical Development. Dr. Wang has over 20 years of
experience in the oncology field and over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in both research
and development. Prior to joining us, Dr. Wang was the director of research at Joyant Pharmaceuticals, a biotech
company based in Dallas, Texas. Dr. Wang received his B.S. from Fudan University in 1996 and Ph.D. from
University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio in 2001.




194    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51(B) (1) OF
THE HK LISTING RULES


Upon specific inquiry by the Company and following confirmations from Directors, except as disclosed hereunder,
there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) (1)
of the HK Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2020. The change of Director’s information is set out
below.


Directors                                 Changes in Positions held with the Company


Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders           Appointed as a member of the commercial and medical affairs advisory
                                          committee of the Board (the “Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
                                          Committee”) and Co-Charis of the scientific advisory committee of the Board
                                          (the “Scientific Advisory Committee”) effective February 24, 2021.


Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su (Note)             Appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
                                          Committee effective February 24, 2021.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                     Appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
                                          Committee effective February 24, 2021.

(Note)
         Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned as an independent non-executive director on January 31, 2022.


The Commercial Advisory Committee was established on February 26, 2020 and was renamed the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective February 24, 2021.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT   195
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2021.


GENERAL INFORMATION


The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the
HKEX since August 8, 2018 under the stock code 06160. The Company’s ADSs have been listed on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market since February 3, 2016 under the symbol “BGNE”. The Company’s ordinary shares traded
in Renminbi (RMB Shares) have been publicly traded on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange in China under the stock code “688235” since December 15, 2021.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES


The Company is a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing
innovative medicines worldwide. The Company has built substantial commercial capabilities in China and the
United States and commercial capabilities in Europe, Canada and Australia. The Company currently market three
internally discovered oncology medicines and also market or plan to market additional oncology products in China
licensed from Amgen, Novartis, BMS, and EUSA Pharma; and have entered collaborations with Novartis Pharma
AG for Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab and ociperlimab in North America, Europe
and Japan. The analysis of the Group’s revenues and contribution to results are set out in Note 3 and Note 16 to
the consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW


The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on
page 198 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders will be included in
our “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” to be published. The review and discussion form part of this
Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL


Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.


SUBSIDIARIES


Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.




196    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 152 of this annual
report.


RESULTS


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss on page 280 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS


For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately
73.6% of the Group’s product revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 26.0%
of the Group’s product revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company’s collaboration revenue
consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis. For the
year ended December 31, 2020, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately 82.6%
of the Group’s product revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 38.7% of the
Group’s product revenue.


For the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 29.4% and 45.3% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the
Group accounted for approximately 16.2% and 21.8% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively.


During the year ended December 31, 2021, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE


The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments
will be set out in the Company’s “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” to be published.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS


During the year ended December 31, 2021, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material respects.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT    197
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD


Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned as an independent non-executive director on January 31, 2022. On February 1,
2022, the Board was enlarged from 11 to 12 members. Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr.
Alessandro Riva have been appointed to the Board as independent non-executive directors to fill the two vacancies
arising from the resignation of Mr. Su and the enlargement of the size of the Board. In addition, effective February 1,
2022, Dr. Dugan has been appointed to serve as a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board and
Dr. Riva has been appointed to serve as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and
the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.


Effective February 25, 2022, Dr. Dugan, an independent non-executive director of the Company, has been
appointed as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee of the Board.


Except as disclosed above, there were no important events affecting the Group which occurred after the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES


As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•     Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
      third-party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


•     We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
      we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
      to market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


•     If we are not able to continue to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we
      will not be able to commercialize our medicines and drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will
      be materially impaired.


•     We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
      competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


•     The market opportunities for our medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have
      failed prior treatments and may be small.




198    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   We have limited manufacturing capability and must rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture some of
    our commercial products and clinical supplies, and if they fail to meet their obligations, the development and
    commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates could be adversely affected.


•   If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to
    achieve and maintain coverage and adequate level of reimbursement, our commercial success and business
    operations could be adversely affected.


•   We depend substantially on the success of the clinical development of our medicines and drug candidates. If
    we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize
    our medicines and drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be
    materially harmed.


•   Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
    earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


•   If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
    authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
    in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
    candidates.


•   If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
    delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


•   All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
    products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with
    such regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


•   The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
    regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to
    obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially harmed.


•   Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
    and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
    to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
    medicines and drug candidates.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT          199
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•     Even if we are able to commercialize our medicines and any approved drug candidates, the medicines may
      become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform
      initiatives, which could harm our business.


•     We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
      losses for the foreseeable future and may not become profitable.


•     We have limited experience in obtaining regulatory approvals and commercializing pharmaceutical products,
      which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance.


•     We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
      financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


•     If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates through
      intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights is not sufficiently broad, third
      parties may compete against us.


•     If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
      adversely affected.


•     We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business
      could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at
      acceptable quality levels or prices.


•     If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial
      condition could be adversely affected.


•     We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
      licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
      arrangements.


•     If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
      benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


•     We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
      and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.




200    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•    Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
     personnel.


•    Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the
     collection and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be complex and stringent, and many
     are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and
     other business practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact
     our business.


•    We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
     Delays in completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage
     to, destruction of or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or
     commercialization efforts.


•    Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
     United States or other governments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
     results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.


•    The audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC is prepared by auditors
     who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and as such, investors are
     deprived of the benefits of such inspection.


•    The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB shares can be volatile, which could result in
     substantial losses to you.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM AMGEN


On January 2, 2020, the Company sold 15,895,001 ADSs, representing 206,635,013 ordinary shares of the
Company and approximately 20.5% ownership stake in the Company’s outstanding shares as at the same date,
to Amgen for aggregate cash proceeds of US$2,779,241,000, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant to the Amgen SPA
(as amended) executed in connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. The subscription price represents:
(a) a 36% premium to the 30-day volume weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs as of October 30, 2019,
the day prior to the date of the Amgen SPA; (b) assuming a conversion rate of US$1.00: HK$7.84, a 26% premium
to the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares as quoted on the HKEX on October 31, 2019, the date of the
Amgen SPA; (c) a 26% premium to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ on October 31, 2019.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT         201
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out
in the proxy statement/circular of the Company dated November 29, 2019. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2021:


                                                                                Actual usage    Actual usage     Unutilized net
                                                                                        up to           up to   proceeds as of
                                                   Planned      Percentage      December 31,    December 31,    December 31,
                                               applications      of total net           2020            2021              2021
                                                (US dollars       proceeds        (US dollars     (US dollars      (US dollars
Purposes of use of proceeds                   in thousands)              (%)    in thousands)   in thousands)    in thousands)


To fund business operations(a)                   2,779,241            100%         1,095,499       1,869,643           909,598

Note (a):     To fund the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement by contributing cash
              and development services up to a total cap of approximately US$1.25 billion, the development, manufacturing
              and commercialization of the Company’s internally developed drug candidates, expansion of the Company’s
              commercialization activities, and for future capacity expansion and general corporate use, as appropriate, as
              previously disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated November 29, 2019.


The Company plans to gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with such intended purposes
depending on actual business, which is expected to be fully utilized by the end of 2025. For further details, please
refer to the announcements of the Company dated November 1, 2019, December 9, 2019, and January 3, 2020.


On September 24, 2020, the Company entered into the Restated Second Amendment to amend the Amgen
SPA. Pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment, the Company granted Amgen the Direct Purchase Option to
subscribe for Additional Shares in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its
ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s outstanding share capital. The Direct Purchase Option is
exercisable on a monthly basis but only if Amgen’s interest in the outstanding share capital of the Company at the
monthly reference date drops below 20.4% solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by the
Company under its equity incentive plans from time to time. The aggregate number of Additional Shares shall not
exceed 75,000,000 shares during the term of the Direct Purchase Option.


The purchase price for the Additional Shares will be the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs
for the 90 days preceding the last trading day of the prior month. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen owns less
than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s sale of shares; (b) at least 60-
day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes to terminate the Direct
Purchase Option; or (c) the third anniversary of the date on which the exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commences. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting period.




202      BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 18, 2020, September 25, 2020
and the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated October 9, 2020.


In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate of
165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of US$50,000,000 in a
private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment. As of December 31, 2021, none of the proceeds
of approximately US$50,000,000 had been utilized, and the Company plans to gradually utilize the net proceeds
in accordance with such intended purposes as described above depending on actual business needs, which is
expected to be fully utilized in the next three years.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM JULY SHARE SUBSCRIPTION


On July 15, 2020, the Company allotted and issued 145,838,979 ordinary shares of the Company to eight existing
investors for an aggregate cash consideration of approximately US$2.08 billion at a purchase price of US$14.2308
per ordinary share of the Company (equivalent to US$185 per ADS), in accordance with a share purchase
agreement dated July 12, 2020 pursuant to the general mandate granted to the Board pursuant to an ordinary
resolution of the shareholders passed at the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders to allot, issue and deal
with up to 202,995,338 ordinary shares.


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares are being used to: (a) fund the Company’s research and clinical
development activities, including expanding indications of its approved products, advancing its pipeline assets,
including both internally developed molecules and in-licensed compounds, and progressing and expanding its
preclinical programs; (b) advance business development activities to expand the Company’s commercial and
development-stage portfolio through in-licensing or acquisitions, as applicable, of additional technologies, drugs or
drug candidates, other assets or businesses, both within oncology and outside of oncology, or for other strategic
investments or opportunities; (c) invest in the commercialization of the Company’s approved products in China,
the United States and potentially other geographical markets; and (d) expand and further build out the Company’s
global organization and capabilities in areas including commercialization, manufacturing, and research and
development. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated July 13, 2020 and July
16, 2020.


As of December 31, 2021, net proceeds amounting to approximately US$1.09 billion had been utilized, and the
remaining US$0.98 billion will be gradually utilized in accordance with such intended purposes depending on actual
business needs, and are expected to be fully utilized in the next three years.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT       203
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM STAR OFFERING


On December 15, 2021, the Company completed STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The shares
offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in China in Renminbi
(RMB Shares) pursuant to the general mandate to issue shares, which was approved by the shareholders at the
Company’s 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders held on June 16, 2021. The public offering price of the
RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per RMB Share, which equates to HK$234.89 per ordinary share and US$391.68
per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 RMB Shares. The RMB Shares are not fungible with the
ordinary shares of the Company listed on the HKEX or with the ADSs representing the Company’s ordinary shares
listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commission and offering
expenses were US$3,392,616,000. We expect to use the net proceeds from the STAR Offering for (i) clinical
development and research project, (ii) research and development center construction, (iii) bio-manufacturing plant
construction, (iv) sales and marketing force expansion, and (v) working capital and general corporate purposes. As
required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance
with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as the Company’s proceeds management policy
for the STAR Offering approved by the Board.


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November 16, 2020, January 29, 2021, April
20, 2021, May 14, 2021, June 1, 2021, June 21, 2021, June 28, 2021, June 30, 2021, July 9, 2021, July 28, 2021,
October 15, 2021, November 16, 2021, November 23, 2021, November 24, 2021, November 29, 2021, November
30, 2021, December 2, 2021, December 6, 2021, December 7, 2021, December 13, 2021, December 21, 2021,
December 28, 2021 and the circular dated April 30, 2021 of the Company.


As of December 31, 2021, none of the net proceeds of approximately US$3.4 billion had been utilized, and the
Company plans to gradually utilize the net proceeds in accordance with such intended purposes depending on
actual business needs, which is expected to be fully utilized in the next three to five years.


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES


The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that we currently intend to retain all available funds and
earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to applicable law and our Articles, any future determination to pay
dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may be based on a number of factors, including our future
operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. This dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on our
financial and cash flow position. We intend to continue to review our dividend policy from time to time, and there
can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.




204    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. If we pay dividends
in the future, in order for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders and holders of ADSs, we may rely to some
extent on dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, and such distributions will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In addition, PRC
regulations currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated distributable after-
tax profits, as determined in accordance with our Articles and the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC.


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2021.


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 283 and in Note 30 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively, among which the information of the distributable reserves is set forth in Note 30
to the consolidated financial statements.


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2021
are set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS


The Group had US$629.7 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2021 (2020: US$518.7 million).


DONATION


During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$0.7 million
(2020: approximately US$0.7 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED


The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          205
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS


On March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”)
to the Amgen SPA as amended, by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. The Second Amendment was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in an
amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of
our outstanding shares. In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company
issued an aggregate of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration
of US$50,000, in a private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment.

Except as disclosed above and in the section headed “Share Option and Award Schemes”, no equity-linked
agreements were entered into by the Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2021.

DIRECTORS

The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2021 and up to the date of this annual report
are:

Executive Director

Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Dr. Xiaodong Wang

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Timothy Chen
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Note 1)
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Dr. Alessandro Riva (Note 1)
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi

Note:

(1)     Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were appointed to the Board as non-executive
        Directors

*       On January 31, 2022, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board,
        Mr. Su also resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs
        Advisory Committee of the Board.




206      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2023 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2024 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2022 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board’s nominees for
election by the shareholders at the 2022 annual general meeting are the current Class III members: Dr. Xiaodong
Wang, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Qingqing Yi. Additionally, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr.
Alessandro Riva were appointed to the Board in February 2022 by the Board through the filling of two vacancies, as
permitted by our Articles. Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
the Board nominates Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva for election by the shareholders at the 2022
annual general meeting of shareholders to serve as Class I Directors. If elected, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr.
Alessandro Riva will serve as a Director until the annual general meeting of shareholders in 2023 and until her or his
successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to her or his earlier resignation or removal.


For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has received from each of the independent non-executive
Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and considers each
of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed “Directors
and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION


Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, receives no compensation
for his service as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board,
also receives no compensation for his service as a Director. As set out below, pursuant to our Independent Director
Compensation Policy, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper receives compensation for his service as an independent director as
defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          207
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an Independent Director Compensation Policy, which was most recently amended on February
17, 2022 by the Board. The amended Independent Director Compensation Policy is part of a total compensation
package designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high caliber independent Directors
as defined under the listing rule of NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ Listing Rules”). Under the amended Independent
Director Compensation Policy, all independent Directors, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, are paid cash
compensation as set forth below, including an annual cash retainer of US$60,000, which is same as the existing
annual retainer adopted in 2021, and additional fees for service as a member or chair of each committee of the
Board of Directors on which they serve, in each case, as noted below, each of which are paid quarterly. The
changes for the cash retainers for committee chairs, are effective commencing April 1, 2022. There are no changes
in the amount or composition of the equity award compared to the policy adopted in 2021.


                                                                                                Annual Retainer
                                                                                                           (US$)


Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                 60,000
Audit Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                             25,000 (1)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   12,500
Compensation Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                             20,000 (1)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                   10,000
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                             15,000 (1)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                    7,500
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                             18,000 (2)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                    9,000
Scientific Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                             18,000 (2)
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                    9,000

Notes:


(1)   Increased by US$2,500 from 2021.


(2)   Increased by US$2,500 from 2021.




208      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consistent with the current policy, under the amended Independent Director Compensation Policy, each
independent director, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, are granted equity awards in the form of share
options valued at US$400,000 in connection with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated for the
portion of the year served leading up to the first anniversary of the last annual meeting of shareholders, and annual
equity awards valued at US$400,000 on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders, which reflects no changes
from the existing annual equity awards adopted in 2021. Each of the awards will consist of 50% share options and
50% RSUs; provided, however, that to the extent that a grant of RSUs is subject to shareholder approval pursuant
to applicable listing rules (as is currently the case under the HK Listing Rules), (i) the initial grant shall consist
of 100% share options and (ii) the annual grant shall include RSUs only upon shareholder approval and, in the
absence of such shareholder approval, the annual grant shall consist of 100% share options. As under the current
policy, the equity awards will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of date of grant or the date of the
next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of specified events in connection
with a change of control of the Company. Subject to specific terms and conditions designed for compliance with
applicable tax and other regulations, Directors generally may elect to defer settlement of their RSUs until six months
following the date that the Director ceases to serve as a Director. The options have an exercise price equal to the
higher of (i) the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant and (ii) the average fair
market value of the Company’s ordinary shares over the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant,
in each case as determined in reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ. The equity
awards are granted under the 2016 Plan and form of award agreement thereunder. In addition, under the terms of
the 2016 Plan, the value of all equity awards and other cash compensation paid to each independent Director for
their service as an independent Director may not exceed US$1,000,000 in any calendar year (except in a Director’s
first year of service). We also reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by independent Directors in
attending board and committee meetings.


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted share ownership guidelines applicable to our non-
employee Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, to further align the interests
of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders. The share ownership guidelines are as follows:
our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times his annual base salary; our President must
hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of our other executive officers must hold equity
worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-employee Directors must hold equity worth at
least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Covered individuals and newly appointed or elected persons have
five years to achieve the ownership guideline.


The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2021 was approximately US$18.9 million and US$21.2 million, respectively. Details of the
remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive officer of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 25, Note 26
and Note 27, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and
there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          209
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employee Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler


Mr. John V. Oyler and the Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements on
April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler currently receives
a base salary of US$800,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with the Company’s
policy and subject to Board approval. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated between the Company and certain
of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler is eligible for an annual merit increase and an annual bonus, with a current target
level of 100% of his base salary, based on performance as recommended by the Compensation Committee and
determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also provide for certain transportation
and international travel benefits and tax preparation and equalization payments. His employment agreements
have an initial three-year term and automatically renew for additional one-year terms unless either party provides
written notice of nonrenewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment can be terminated by the Company at any time. Mr. Oyler
may resign upon 60 days advance notice; so long as his resignation is not due to his employment with a competing
business, he may receive payment in lieu of notice. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we
will pay (i) accrued but unpaid base salary during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation time;
(iii) unpaid annual bonus from the previous calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses incurred, documented
and substantiated but not yet reimbursed (collectively, the “Final Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is
terminated by us other than for “cause” (as defined in his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his
employment for “good reason” (as defined in his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final
Compensation, (ii) a lump sum equal to the base salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as
defined below), (iii) the post-termination bonus calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of
days passed through the date of termination, (iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration by 20 months
of the vesting of his initial equity award in 2015 and all of his awards granted commencing in 2017, when he signed
his employment agreement (the “accelerated awards”). The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided that if
Mr. Oyler’s employment terminates during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in his
employment agreements), then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides
that the unvested portion of his awards will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment
agreements also prohibit him from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities during his employment
and for 18 months after the termination of his employment.




210    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder, Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board and Director, has been providing
scientific and strategic advisory services to us since our founding in 2010. On July 24, 2018, we entered into a
Consulting Agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years (the “2018 Consulting Agreement”). On February
24, 2021, we entered into a new consulting agreement (the “2021 Consulting Agreement”) with Dr. Wang to renew
the consulting arrangement on substantially the same terms and conditions as his 2018 Consulting Agreement,
for services to be performed by Dr. Xiaodong Wang during the period starting on January 1, 2021 and ending on
December 31, 2023. Dr. Wang’s consulting services include leading the Company’s Scientific Advisory Board
and providing short- and long-term strategic advice to the Company in his areas of expertise, participating in the
Company’s leadership team meetings from time to time and interacting with the Company’s key stakeholders on
behalf of the Company and will continue to receive an annual fixed consulting fee of US$100,000 (subject to review
and adjustments by the Board of Directors from time to time) and such additional compensation, which, if any, shall
be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, subject to compliance with the requirements of the applicable
stock exchange listing rules. The 2021 Consulting Agreement is effective from January 1, 2021 and will expire on
December 31, 2023. The Company may terminate the 2021 Consulting Agreement upon 30 days’ prior notice to Dr.
Wang, provided that Dr. Wang will be entitled to payment for services performed prior to such date.


Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2022 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE


Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transaction” and Note 27 to the consolidated financial
statements contained in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31,
2021.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           211
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PERMITTED INDEMNITY


Pursuant to our Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of
their duty in their offices, other than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has
taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts” in this annual report, no contract
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2021.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES


Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2021 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS


During the year ended December 31, 2021, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the HK Listing Rules.




212    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS


As of December 31, 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the ordinary shares (“Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which were required (a) to be
notified to the Company and the HKEX pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEX pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                      Number of            percentage
Name of Director               Nature of interest                                           Shares         of holding(1)


John V. Oyler                  Beneficial owner                                     23,348,966(2)               1.75%
                               Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust            10,000,000      (3)
                                                                                                                0.75%
                               Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child               102,188   (4)
                                                                                                                0.01%
                               Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust              7,727,927(5)              0.58%
                               Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust            29,439,115      (6)
                                                                                                                2.21%
                               Settlor of a trust                                         510,941(7)            0.04%
                               Interest of a minor child                                  545,597   (8)
                                                                                                                0.04%
                               Other                                                  1,584,167     (9)
                                                                                                                0.12%
Xiaodong Wang                  Beneficial owner                                     15,471,305(10)              1.16%
                               Interest of a minor child                               172,372   (11)
                                                                                                                0.01%
                               Interest in controlled corporation                    4,253,998   (12)
                                                                                                                0.32%
                               Other                                                 1,127,542(13)              0.08%
                               Interest of spouse                                              50(14)
                                                                                                           0.000004%
Timothy Chen                   Beneficial owner                                        407,638(15)              0.03%
Donald W. Glazer               Beneficial owner                                      3,099,445   (16)
                                                                                                                0.23%
Michael Goller                 Person having a security interest in shares             361,998   (17)
                                                                                                                0.03%
Anthony C. Hooper              Beneficial owner                                           92,651(18)            0.01%
Ranjeev Krishana               Person having a security interest in shares             361,998   (19)
                                                                                                                0.03%
Thomas Malley                  Beneficial owner                                      1,274,746   (20)
                                                                                                                0.10%
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders    Beneficial owner                                           52,780(21)           0.004%
Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su             Beneficial owner                                        198,575(22)              0.01%
Qingqing Yi                    Beneficial owner                                        352,716(23)              0.03%




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021     ANNUAL REPORT          213
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 1,331,466,887 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2021.


(2)    Includes (1) 1,399,809 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 21,612,062 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 337,095 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.


(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ’s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(8)    Mr. Oyler made a gift of 545,597 Shares to a trust. These Shares are held by a trust, the beneficiaries of which include Mr.
       Oyler’s minor child and others, in which Mr. Oyler is deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(9)    These Shares are held by a private foundation of which Mr. Oyler and the other(s) serve as directors, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(10)   Includes (1) 5,660,698 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 9,748,058 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 62,549 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(11)   These Shares are held in a Uniform Transfers to Minors Act account for Dr. Wang’s minor child, in which Dr. Wang is
       deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(12)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.


(13)   These Shares are held by a family trust which Dr. Wang’s family members are beneficiaries, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to
       be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(14)   These Shares are held by Dr. Wang’s spouse, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(15)   Includes (1) Mr. Chen’s entitlement to receive up to 399,838 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Mr. Chen’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.




214      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(16)   Includes (1) 2,746,729 Shares held by Mr. Glazer; (2) Mr. Glazer’s entitlement to receive up to 344,916 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Glazer’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(17)   Includes (1) 9,282 Shares held by Mr. Goller; (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 344,916 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Goller’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(18)   Includes (1) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to receive up to 84,851 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options.; and (2) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to restricted
       share units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(19)   Includes (1) 9,282 Shares held by Mr. Krishana; (2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 344,916 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Krishana’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(20)   Includes (1) 399,282 Shares held by Mr. Malley; (2) Mr. Malley’s entitlement to receive up to 867,664 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Mr.
       Malley’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(21)   Includes (1) Dr. Sanders’ entitlement to receive up to 44,980 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options and (2) Dr. Sanders’ entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(22)   Includes (1) Mr. Su’s entitlement to receive up to 190,775 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject
       to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (2) Mr. Su’s entitlement to restricted share units
       equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(23)   Includes (1) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 344,916 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject
       to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to restricted share units
       equivalent to 7,800 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2021, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the HKEX pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to
the Company and the HKEX pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT             215
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES


As of December 31, 2021, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                               Number of Shares/     percentage of
Name of Shareholder                    Capacity/Nature of interest                              underlying shares         holding(1)



Amgen Inc.                             Beneficial owner                                              246,269,426           18.50%
Julian C. Baker     (2)
                                       Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled corporations/         152,875,363           11.48%
                                       Person having a security interest in shares
Felix J. Baker(2)                      Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled corporations/         152,875,363           11.48%
                                       Person having a security interest in shares
Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC   (2)
                                       Investment manager/Other                                      152,419,703           11.45%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)             Investment manager/Other                                      152,419,703           11.45%
Baker Brothers Life                    Interest in controlled corporations/Other                     139,823,423           10.50%
  Sciences Capital, L.P.(2)
Gaoling Fund, L.P.(3)                  Beneficial owner                                              129,433,059             9.72%
Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. (3)
                                       Investment manager                                            133,587,655           10.03%
The Capital Group                      Interest in controlled corporations                           103,974,393             7.81%
  Companies, Inc.         (5)


JPMorgan Chase & Co.(4)                Interest in controlled corporations                            11,433,347             0.86%
                                                                                                    9,952,323 (S)        0.75% (S)
                                       Investment manager                                              1,656,684             0.12%
                                                                                                       36,465 (S)       0.003% (S)
                                       Person having a security interest in shares                       886,447             0.07%
                                       Trustee                                                            14,532           0.001%
                                       Approved lending agent                                         88,526,135             6.65%

Notes:


Unless otherwise specified, the above Shares are long position. (S) denotes short position.


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 1,331,466,887 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2021.


(2)    Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
       LLC is the general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP (“BBA”). BBA is the manager for securities held by 667, L.P. and
       Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P.. Also, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is the general partner of Baker Brothers
       Life Sciences, L.P. (the “Funds”). Unlisted derivatives include stock options and restricted stock received as compensation
       by two BBA employees (Michael Goller and Ranjeev Krishana) for their service on the Board of Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.
       and are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


216      BEIGENE, LTD.          •      2021      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      According to the corporate substantial shareholder notice for the date of relevant event of December 15, 2021 submitted
      by Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. to HKEX on December 15, 2021,140,543,649 Shares held by Baker Brothers
      Life Sciences, L.P. directly. For the purposes of the SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker, Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC and
      BBA are deemed to be interested in the 11,152,058 Shares held by 667, L.P. and the 140,543,649 Shares held by Baker
      Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled
      to the pecuniary interest. In addition, for the purposes of the SFO, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is deemed
      to be interested in the 140,543,649 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted
      derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


      Outside the Funds, each of Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker further interests in (in the form of ADSs) 270,868Shares
      personally and 151,004 Shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.


(3)   (i) 133,587,655 Shares are held by Gaoling Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P.; and (ii) 13,447,603 Shares are held by
      Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. acts as the sole general partner of YHG Investment, L.P.
      and the sole management company of Gaoling Fund, L.P.. Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is the sole management
      company of Hillhouse Fund II, L.P., which owns Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the SFO, Hillhouse Capital
      Advisors, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 133,587,655 Shares held by Gaoling Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment,
      L.P. and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN
      Holdings Limited. Under the SFO, Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by
      Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited.


(4)   (i) 13,037,674 Shares are held by Capital International, Inc.; (ii) 623,415 Shares held by Capital International Limited;
      (iii) 2,090,794 Shares are held by Capital International Sarl; and (iv) 86,161,42 Shares are held by Capital Research and
      Management Company; and (v) 8,645 Shares are held by Capital Bank and Trust Company and (vi) 2,052,440 Shares are
      held by Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc.


      Capital Group International, Inc. is wholly owned by Capital Research and Management Company. Capital International,
      Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl and Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. are wholly owned
      by Capital Group International, Inc. Capital Bank and Trust Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies,
      Inc. For the purposes of the SFO, Capital Research and Management Company and Capital Group International, Inc. are
      deemed to be interested in the 17,804,323 Shares held by Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital
      International Sarl, and Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc., and The Capital Group Companies, Inc. is deemed to be
      interested in the 8,645 Shares held by Capital Bank and Trust Company.


      Capital Research and Management Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies Inc. For the purposes of
      the SFO, The Capital Group Companies Inc. is deemed to be interested in the 103,965,748 Shares held by Capital Research
      and Management Company directly and indirectly.


(5)   According to the shareholding disclosures notice regarding the relevant event dated December 16, 2021 submitted by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. to HKEX, an aggregated 102,715,610 shares (long position), 10,131,330 shares (short position)
      and 88,529,432 shares (lending pool) of the Company are held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. indirectly through its certain
      subsidiaries. Among them, 567,315 shares (long position) and 323,028 (short position) are cash settled unlisted derivatives.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2021, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT              217
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE OPTION AND AWARD SCHEMES

1.         2011 Option Plan

           The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015.
           The terms of the 2011 Plan are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules, as our
           Board determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016
           Plan became effective.

           As of December 31, 2021, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
           Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
           days inclusive). The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is between US$0.01 and
           US$1.85 per Share.

           Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018 (the
           “Prospectus”).

           As of January 1, 2021, 5,671,104 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2011
           Plan, and as of December 31, 2021, 2,908,297 Shares were outstanding under the 2011 Plan. Details of the
           movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 are as
           follows:

                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/
                                                                                                       Outstanding      Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                                              as of   during the       during the      during the        as of
                                                                                            Exercise    January 1,    Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
Name of grantee   Role                           Date of grant      Option period              price          2021        Period           Period          Period        2021

                  Directors of the Company

Xiaodong Wang     Non-executive Director         May 20, 2011(1)    10 years from           US$0.01         88,235            –           88,231               4             –
                                                                      the date of grant
                                                 April 3, 2013(1)   10 years from           US$0.01        879,267            –                –               –       879,267
                                                                      the date of grant
                                                 June 29, 2015(1)   10 years from           US$0.50        500,000            –                –               –       500,000
                                                                      the date of grant
Thomas Malley     Independent                    January 25,        10 years from           US$1.85        552,752            –                –               –       552,752
                    Non-executive Director       2016(2)              the date of grant

                  Senior Management of the Company

Howard Liang      Former Chief Financial Officer June 29, 2015(3)   10 years from           US$0.50        831,000            –          830,999               –            1
                    and Chief Strategy Officer                        the date of grant
Lai Wang          Global Head of R&D             July 6, 2012(4)    10 years from           US$0.01             12            –                –               –           12
                                                                      the date of grant
                                                 April 3, 2013(4)   10 years from           US$0.01        103,778            –          103,766               –           12
                                                                      the date of grant
                                                 June 29, 2015(4)                                          259,569            –          259,558               –           11

                  Other grantees

In aggregate                                     Between           10 years from            Between      2,456,491            –         1,473,654          6,595       976,242
                                                   May 20, 2011      the date of grant    US$0.01 to
                                                   and January 31,                          US$1.85
                                                   2016(4)

Total                                                                                                    5,671,104            –         2,756,208          6,599     2,908,297


218         BEIGENE, LTD.                  •   2021         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (1)   20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
           exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
           following the vest of the initial 20%.


     (2)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


     (3)   25% of the options become exercisable on July 15, 2016, and the remaining 75% become exercisable in 36
           successive equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
           following the vest of the initial 25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control
           and/or termination.


     (4)   20%/25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80%/75%
           become exercisable in 48/36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of
           each month following the vest of the initial 20%/25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon
           change in control and/or termination.


2.   Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


     The 2016 Plan was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
     2018 to amend and restate the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company
     on January 14, 2016. As of December 31, 2021, the total number of Shares available for option grants under
     the 2016 Plan was 50,886,939 Shares (including the additional Shares added as further described below),
     representing 3.82% of the issued share capital of the Company. As of April 19, 2022, the total number of
     Shares available for option grants under the 2016 Plan was 48,505,794 Shares (including the additional
     Shares added as further described below), representing 3.64% of the issued share capital of the Company as
     of April 19, 2022.


     In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the
     “Amendment No. 1”, and the 2016 Plan as amended by the Amendment No. 1, the “Amended 2016 Plan”) to
     increase the number of authorized Shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan by 57,200,000 Shares,
     and to extend the term of the 2016 Plan through 2030, was approved by our Board on April 13, 2020 and by
     our shareholders on June 17, 2020.


     Purpose

     The Amended 2016 Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to use various equity-based incentive and
     other awards as compensation tools to attract, retain and motivate our (and our subsidiaries’) workforce.
     These tools include share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units,
     unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            219
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Eligible Participants

      Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and other key persons (including
      consultants) as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the
      Amended 2016 Plan.


      Maximum Number of Shares

      The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Amended 2016 Plan and our
      other equity plans may not exceed 10% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of June 17, 2020 and the
      aggregate number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to
      be exercised under the Amended 2016 Plan and outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under
      any other plan of the Company at any time may not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


      Limit of Each Grantee

      Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
      issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2016 Plan and any other
      equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in
      issue at the date of any grant.


      Option Period

      Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
      option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
      option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
      such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


      The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
      years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
      automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
      each option may be exercised.




220     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Exercise Price

The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
(ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
preceding the date of grant.


Consideration

No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2016 Plan.


Expiration of the 2016 Plan

The 2016 Plan will expire on April 13, 2030.


Movements in the 2016 Plan

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has conditionally granted options to 1,020 participants under the
Amended 2016 Plan. All of the options under the Amended 2016 Plan were granted between February 8, 2016
and December 31, 2021 (both days inclusive). The exercise price of all the options granted under the 2016
Plan is between US$0.5 and US$28.81 per Share.


Further details of the 2016 Plan are set out in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.


As of January 1, 2021, 64,082,595 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016
Plan, and as of December 31, 2021, 54,065,073 Shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
movements of the options granted during the Reporting Period were as follows:




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT      221
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                                                                                                          Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                          /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                                  Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                      Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                            day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee         Role                Date of grant            Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


                Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler   Executive           November 16,             10 years from           US$2.79           N/A     US$2.84   2,047,500         –          –           –   2,047,500
                  Director,           2016(3)                  the date of grant
                  Chairman and      September 27,            10 years from           US$6.73           N/A     US$7.70    935,000          –          –           –    935,000
                  Chief Executive     2017     (3)
                                                               the date of grant
                  Officer           April 30, 2018(3)        10 years from          US$13.37           N/A    US$13.04    996,810          –          –           –    996,810
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 26, 2018(3)         10 years from          US$12.70           N/A    US$12.34   1,310,088         –          –           –   1,310,088
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 5, 2019     (3)
                                                             10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23   2,193,282         –          –           –   2,193,282
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 17, 2020(3)         10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42   1,821,976         –          –           –   1,821,976
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 16, 2021(3)         10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53          –    906,906          –           –    906,906
                                                               the date of grant
Xiaodong Wang Non-executive         November 16,             10 years from           US$2.79           N/A     US$2.84   1,613,430         –          –           –   1,613,430
                  Director            2016     (3)
                                                               the date of grant
                                    September 27,            10 years from           US$6.73           N/A     US$7.70    750,000          –          –           –    750,000
                                      2017(3)                  the date of grant
                                    June 26, 2018(3)         10 years from          US$12.70           N/A    US$12.34    655,044          –          –           –    655,044
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 5, 2019(3)          10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23    747,708          –          –           –    747,708
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 17, 2020(3)         10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42    560,599          –          –           –    560,599
                                                               the date of grant
                                    June 16, 2021      (3)
                                                             10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53          –    241,839          –           –    241,839
                                                               the date of grant




222        BEIGENE, LTD.                   •         2021        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                                                                                                    Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                   /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                           Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                               Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                     day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee      Role              Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


Anthony C.   Non-executive     March 3, 2020(5) 10 years from                US$12.62           N/A    US$12.22     21,970           –          –           –    21,970
  Hooper       Director                                 the date of grant
                               June 17, 2020    (5)
                                                      10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383           –          –           –    45,383
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53          –      17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                        the date of grant
Timothy Chen Independent       February 8,            10 years from           US$2.61     US$27.05      US$2.42    266,926           –     78,000           –   188,926
               Non-executive   2016   (4)
                                                        the date of grant
               Director
                               June 2, 2017(5)        10 years from           US$2.94           N/A     US$3.15     65,988           –          –           –    65,988
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 6, 2018(5)        10 years from          US$15.73           N/A    US$16.15     17,442           –          –           –    17,442
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 5, 2019   (5)
                                                      10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610           –          –           –    64,610
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383           –          –           –    45,383
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –      17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                        the date of grant
Donald W.    Independent       April 19, 2017(4)      10 years from           US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83    199,992           –          –           –   199,992
  Glazer       Non-executive                            the date of grant
               Director        June 6, 2018   (5)
                                                      10 years from          US$15.73           N/A    US$16.15     17,442           –          –           –    17,442
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610           –          –           –    64,610
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383           –          –           –    45,383
                                                        the date of grant
                               June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –      17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                        the date of grant




                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.            •         2021   ANNUAL REPORT                223
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                      Number of options
                                                                                                                                                     Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                     /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                             Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                 Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                       day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee        Role              Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


Michael Goller Independent       April 19, 2017(4)      10 years from           US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83    199,992          –          –           –   199,992
                 Non-executive                            the date of grant
                 Director        June 6, 2018   (5)
                                                        10 years from          US$15.73           N/A    US$16.15     17,442          –          –           –    17,442
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610          –          –           –    64,610
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from the      US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383          –          –           –    45,383
                                                        date of grant
                                 June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from the      US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –     17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                        date of grant
Ranjeev        Independent       April 19, 2017   (4)
                                                        10 years from           US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83    199,992          –          –           –   199,992
 Krishana        Non-executive                            the date of grant
                 Director        June 6, 2018(5)        10 years from          US$15.73           N/A    US$16.15     17,442          –          –           –    17,442
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610          –          –           –    64,610
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383          –          –           –    45,383
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 16, 2021    (5)
                                                        10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –     17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                          the date of grant
Thomas Malley Independent        June 2, 2017(5)        10 years from           US$2.94           N/A     US$3.15    169,988          –          –           –   169,988
                 Non-executive                            the date of grant
                 Director        June 6, 2018(5)        10 years from          US$15.73           N/A    US$16.15     17,442          –          –           –    17,442
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610          –          –           –    64,610
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 17, 2020    (5)
                                                        10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383          –          –           –    45,383
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –     17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                          the date of grant




224         BEIGENE, LTD.            •       2021           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                                                                                        Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                       /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                               Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                   Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                         day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee       Role                 Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


Corazon D.    Independent          August 24, 2020(5) 10 years from              US$18.50           N/A    US$18.26     27,482           –          –           –    27,482
  Sanders       Non-executive                               the date of grant
                Director           June 16, 2021    (5)
                                                          10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –      17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                            the date of grant
Jing-Shyh     Former Independent April 1, 2018(4)         10 years from          US$12.92           N/A    US$12.72     63,290           –          –           –    63,290
  (Sam) Su      Non-executive                               the date of grant
                Director           June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610           –          –           –    64,610
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 17, 2020(5)       10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383           –          –           –    45,383
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 16, 2021    (5)
                                                          10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –      17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                            the date of grant
Qingqing Yi   Independent          April 19, 2017(4)      10 years from           US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83    199,992           –          –           –   199,992
                Non-executive                               the date of grant
                Director           June 6, 2018(5)        10 years from          US$15.73           N/A    US$16.15     17,442           –          –           –    17,442
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 5, 2019(5)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23     64,610           –          –           –    64,610
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 17, 2020    (5)
                                                          10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42     45,383           –          –           –    45,383
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 16, 2021(5)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –      17,498          –           –    17,498
                                                            the date of grant


              Senior Management of the Company


Xiaobin Wu    President,           April 30, 2018(6)      10 years from          US$13.37           N/A    US$13.04    766,599           –          –           –   766,599
                Chief Operating                             the date of grant
                Officer and        June 5, 2019(3)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23    797,550           –          –           –   797,550
                General                                     the date of grant
                Manager            June 17, 2020    (3)
                                                          10 years from          US$13.42           N/A    US$13.33    756,821           –          –           –   756,821
                of China                                    the date of grant
                                   June 16, 2021(3)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$25.63          –     483,678          –           –   483,678
                                                            the date of grant




                                                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.            •         2021   ANNUAL REPORT                225
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                                                                                                        Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                       /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                               Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                   Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                         day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee        Role                Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


Julia Wang     Chief Financial     June 30, 2020          10 years from          US$14.55           N/A    US$14.66    104,754          –          –              –   104,754
                 Officer                                    the date of grant
                                   June 16, 2021          10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53          –    177,853          –              –   177,853
                                                            the date of grant
Howard Liang Former                November 16,           10 years from           US$2.79     US$24.66      US$2.84   1,752,500         –   1,752,500             –         –
                 Chief Financial     2016   (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                 Officer and       June 29, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$3.50     US$23.98      US$3.45   1,250,000         –   1,250,000             –         –
                 Chief Strategy                             the date of grant
                 Officer           June 26, 2018(3)       10 years from          US$12.70     US$25.11     US$12.34    364,208          –    303,264         60,944         –
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 5, 2019   (3)
                                                          10 years from           US$9.25     US$26.76      US$9.23    558,285          –    325,520        232,765         –
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 17, 2020(3)       10 years from          US$13.33     US$21.36     US$13.42    315,341          –    105,092        210,249         –
                                                            the date of grant
Lai Wang       Global Head         July 13, 2016(3)       10 years from           US$2.27     US$23.63      US$2.29    824,993          –    591,045              –   233,948
                 of R&D                                     the date of grant
                                   June 27, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$3.50           N/A     US$3.49    999,999          –          –              –   999,999
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 26, 2018    (3)
                                                          10 years from          US$12.70           N/A    US$12.34    364,208          –          –              –   364,208
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 5, 2019(3)        10 years from           US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23    558,285          –          –              –   558,285
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 17, 2020(3)       10 years from          US$13.33           N/A    US$13.42    525,564          –          –              –   525,564
                                                            the date of grant
                                   June 16, 2021(3)       10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53          –    332,527          –              –   332,527
                                                            the date of grant




226          BEIGENE, LTD.             •          2021        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                                                                                        Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                     /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                             Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                 Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                       day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee        Role              Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


Jane Huang     Former            September 2,           10 years from           US$2.26     US$26.04      US$2.27     324,575            –    117,000            –    207,575
                 Chief Medical     2016   (3)
                                                          the date of grant
                 Officer,        June 27, 2017    (3)
                                                        10 years from           US$3.50           N/A     US$3.49     850,465            –          –            –    850,465
                 Hematology                               the date of grant
                                 June 26, 2018(3)       10 years from          US$12.70     US$25.57     US$12.34     212,680            –     89,882            –    122,798
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 5, 2019(3)        10 years from           US$9.25     US$27.34      US$9.23     462,579            –    251,303            –    211,276
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 17, 2020(3)       10 years from          US$13.33     US$25.57     US$13.42     273,286            –     68,315            –    204,971
                                                          the date of grant
                                 June 16, 2021    (3)
                                                        10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53           –      157,196          –            –    157,196
                                                          the date of grant


               Other grantees


In Aggregate                     July 13, 2016(3)       10 years from           US$2.27     US$24.43      US$2.29    3,705,717           –    442,858          24    3,262,835
                                                          the date of grant
                                 July 22, 2016(3)       10 years from           US$2.13     US$24.03      US$2.10     285,394            –    179,907            –    105,487
                                                          the date of grant
                                 July 22, 2016(6)       10 years from           US$2.13     US$24.81      US$2.10    1,538,927           –    547,703        9,899    981,325
                                                          the date of grant
                                 July 29, 2016   (3)
                                                        10 years from           US$2.11     US$21.25      US$2.02          78            –         52            –         26
                                                          the date of grant
                                 August 9, 2016(3) 10 years from                US$2.04     US$25.94      US$2.10      55,552            –     55,549           3           –
                                                          the date of grant
                                 August 22, 2016(3) 10 years from               US$2.28           N/A     US$2.24           –            –          –            –          –
                                                          the date of grant
                                 September 12,          10 years from           US$2.33     US$26.92      US$2.42       3,468            –      3,458          10           –
                                   2016   (3)
                                                          the date of grant




                                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.              •         2021   ANNUAL REPORT                  227
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                                                                                  Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                  /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                          Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                              Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                    day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee     Role             Date of grant         Option period               grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


            Other grantees


                             September 19,         10 years from             US$2.51     US$22.44     US$2.38      41,331         –      41,327          4          –
                               2016(3)                 the date of grant
                             September 26,         10 years from             US$2.35     US$22.34     US$2.27       2,097         –       2,093          4          –
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             October 12,           10 years from             US$2.48     US$25.55     US$2.42     199,498         –      65,000           –   134,498
                             2016   (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             October 12,           10 years from             US$2.48           N/A    US$2.42       1,020         –           –           –     1,020
                             2016   (6)
                                                       the date of grant
                             October 17,           10 years from             US$2.42     US$27.75     US$2.55      89,999         –      28,600           –    61,399
                             2016(3)                   the date of grant
                             November 1,           10 years from             US$2.56           N/A    US$2.57           –         –           –           –         –
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             November 7,           10 years from             US$2.43           N/A    US$2.46           –         –           –           –         –
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             November 8,           10 years from             US$2.46           N/A    US$2.51           –         –           –           –         –
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             November 16,          10 years from             US$2.79     US$25.85     US$2.84      18,434         –      18,434           –         –
                               2016(3)                 the date of grant
                             November 21,          10 years from             US$2.46     US$23.55     US$2.42      32,890         –      32,890           –         –
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             November 28,          10 years from             US$2.49     US$28.38     US$2.38      68,471         –      29,471           –    39,000
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             November 30,          10 years from             US$2.43           N/A    US$2.44       1,274         –           –           –     1,274
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             December 1,           10 years from             US$2.44     US$24.63     US$2.37      43,771         –      43,771           –         –
                               2016(3)                 the date of grant
                             December 9,           10 years from             US$2.07           N/A    US$2.09      34,099         –           –           –    34,099
                               2016       (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                             January 3, 2017(3) 10 years from                US$2.34     US$26.92     US$2.39      39,039         –      22,074           –    16,965
                                                       the date of grant




228       BEIGENE, LTD.          •              2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                  Number of options
                                                                                                                                                 Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                 /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                         Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                             Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                   day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee   Role             Date of grant            Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


          Other grantees


                           January 5, 2017(3) 10 years from                 US$2.44     US$28.32     US$2.39     244,998          –    181,337            –    63,661
                                                      the date of grant
                           January 9, 2017(3) 10 years from                 US$2.37     US$26.75     US$2.43     184,496          –     26,000            –   158,496
                                                      the date of grant
                           January 17,              10 years from           US$2.51     US$26.23     US$2.53       7,644          –      7,644            –         –
                           2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                           January 17,              10 years from           US$2.51     US$25.14     US$2.53     119,782          –     31,226            –    88,556
                           2017   (6)
                                                      the date of grant
                           January 23,              10 years from           US$2.46     US$24.59     US$2.49     157,040          –     48,165            –   108,875
                           2017(3)                    the date of grant
                           January 30,              10 years from           US$2.80     US$25.81     US$2.62       6,201          –      6,201            –         –
                           2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                           February 1,              10 years from           US$2.68     US$27.14     US$2.77     296,998          –    144,300        7,709   144,989
                           2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                           February 6,              10 years from           US$2.76     US$27.02     US$2.76      53,001          –     20,800            –    32,201
                           2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                           February 8,              10 years from           US$2.67     US$23.71     US$2.78       1,924          –      1,924            –         –
                           2017(3)                    the date of grant
                           February 13,             10 years from           US$2.77     US$25.78     US$2.77     191,269          –    119,626            –    71,643
                             2017       (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                           February 27,             10 years from           US$2.97     US$26.37     US$2.93      67,418          –     67,418            –         –
                             2017       (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                           March 6, 2017(3) 10 years from                   US$3.14     US$24.91     US$3.06      28,613          –     28,613            –         –
                                                      the date of grant
                           March 13, 2017 10 years from
                                              (3)
                                                                            US$3.08           N/A    US$3.02     142,701          –          –            –   142,701
                                                      the date of grant
                           March 20, 2017(3) 10 years from                  US$3.04     US$28.90     US$3.04     205,517          –    120,549            –    84,968
                                                      the date of grant
                           March 27, 2017(3) 10 years from                  US$2.79     US$23.30     US$2.79      82,498          –     82,498            –         –
                                                      the date of grant




                                                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.            •         2021   ANNUAL REPORT                229
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                                                                                                    Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                    /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                            Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                      day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee     Role             Date of grant             Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


            Other grantees


                             March 31, 2017(6) 10 years from                   US$2.81     US$24.55     US$2.82     197,366         –      88,062        23,621     85,683
                                                         the date of grant
                             April 3, 2017(3)          10 years from           US$2.82     US$26.51     US$2.82       9,581         –       3,653             –      5,928
                                                         the date of grant
                             April 10, 2017(3)         10 years from           US$2.86     US$24.90     US$2.91      39,962         –      39,962             –          –
                                                         the date of grant
                             April 11, 2017(3)         10 years from           US$2.91     US$28.43     US$2.95      22,022         –      12,480         9,542          –
                                                         the date of grant
                             April 17, 2017      (3)
                                                       10 years from           US$2.92     US$26.14     US$2.95     258,154         –     138,697         9,867    109,590
                                                         the date of grant
                             April 24, 2017(3)         10 years from           US$2.82     US$24.07     US$2.89      88,257         –      88,257             –          –
                                                         the date of grant
                             April 26, 2017(3)         10 years from           US$3.01     US$26.25     US$3.09      73,177         –      73,177             –          –
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 1, 2017(3)            10 years from           US$3.14     US$27.07     US$3.13     731,380         –     197,782         2,353    531,245
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 2, 2017   (6)
                                                       10 years from           US$3.13     US$25.31     US$3.12     271,063         –     154,856          858     115,349
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 3, 2017(3)            10 years from           US$3.12     US$25.59     US$3.12      31,239         –      19,240             –     11,999
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 8, 2017(3)            10 years from           US$3.02     US$25.18     US$2.98      73,320         –      73,320             –          –
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 10, 2017(3)           10 years from           US$2.88     US$26.01     US$2.92      21,281         –      21,281             –          –
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 15, 2017    (3)
                                                       10 years from           US$2.81     US$27.90     US$2.90     153,491         –     144,391             –      9,100
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 30, 2017(3)           10 years from           US$2.88     US$27.55     US$2.88      60,060         –      39,000             –     21,060
                                                         the date of grant
                             June 1, 2017(6)           10 years from           US$2.83     US$27.16     US$2.94   1,230,593         –      72,748         7,800   1,150,045
                                                         the date of grant




230       BEIGENE, LTD.          •       2021              ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                                                                                Cancelled
                                                                                                                                               /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                       Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                           Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                 day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee   Role             Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


          Other grantees


                           June 12, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$2.99     US$27.83     US$3.00      44,070           –     31,226              –     12,844
                                                    the date of grant
                           June 14, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$3.04     US$25.70     US$3.05    1,138,475          –    349,115         12,779    776,581
                                                    the date of grant
                           June 15, 2017(6)       10 years from           US$3.05     US$26.01     US$3.04    5,014,906          –    851,617        133,393   4,029,896
                                                    the date of grant
                           June 21, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$3.31     US$26.08     US$3.45      39,234           –     21,450              –     17,784
                                                    the date of grant
                           June 23, 2017    (3)
                                                  10 years from           US$3.41           N/A    US$3.45           –           –          –              –          –
                                                    the date of grant
                           June 27, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$3.50     US$27.20     US$3.49    2,692,170          –    458,861              –   2,233,309
                                                    the date of grant
                           June 29, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$3.50     US$24.24     US$3.45      50,323           –      6,669              –     43,654
                                                    the date of grant
                           July 10, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$5.40     US$26.94     US$5.45     216,229           –     59,605              –    156,624
                                                    the date of grant
                           July 17, 2017   (3)
                                                  10 years from           US$5.67     US$27.08     US$4.19      81,874           –     40,768              –     41,106
                                                    the date of grant
                           July 17, 2017(6)       10 years from           US$5.67     US$26.24     US$4.19     469,677           –    103,311              –    366,366
                                                    the date of grant
                           July 24, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$5.95     US$25.96     US$5.65       2,340           –      2,340              –          –
                                                    the date of grant
                           July 31, 2017(3)       10 years from           US$5.58     US$27.25     US$5.42     158,574           –     39,000              –    119,574
                                                    the date of grant
                           July 31, 2017   (6)
                                                  10 years from           US$5.58     US$27.00     US$5.42     476,710           –    103,402          2,236    371,072
                                                    the date of grant
                           August 1, 2017(3) 10 years from                US$5.42     US$23.11     US$5.58     845,000           –    371,800              –    473,200
                                                    the date of grant
                           August 2, 2017(6) 10 years from                US$5.58     US$24.17     US$5.45      83,460           –     46,592         36,868          –
                                                    the date of grant




                                                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.             •         2021   ANNUAL REPORT                   231
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                  Number of options
                                                                                                                                                 Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                 /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                         Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                             Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                   day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee     Role             Date of grant          Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


            Other grantees


                             August 3, 2017(3) 10 years from                US$5.45           N/A    US$5.51      19,994         –           –             –    19,994
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 7, 2017(3) 10 years from                US$5.56     US$26.83     US$5.95     318,747         –     204,438             –   114,309
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 8, 2017(3) 10 years from                US$5.95           N/A    US$6.03      12,649         –           –             –    12,649
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 10, 2017(3) 10 years from               US$5.95     US$27.35     US$5.59      31,356         –      31,356             –         –
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 11, 2017 10 years from
                                              (3)
                                                                            US$5.59           N/A    US$5.46           –         –           –             –         –
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 17, 2017(3) 10 years from               US$5.39     US$27.61     US$5.32      77,870         –      59,553             –    18,317
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 25, 2017(3) 10 years from               US$5.38           N/A    US$5.29           –         –           –             –         –
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 28, 2017(3) 10 years from               US$5.29     US$22.88     US$5.28      34,463         –      10,296             –    24,167
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 31, 2017 10 years from
                                              (3)
                                                                            US$5.30     US$25.67     US$5.30           –         –           –             –         –
                                                      the date of grant
                             August 31, 2017(6) 10 years from               US$5.30     US$25.19     US$5.30     367,744         –      72,748        13,754   281,242
                                                      the date of grant
                             September 5,           10 years from           US$5.78     US$23.46     US$5.68     282,867         –      12,870             –   269,997
                               2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                             September 12,          10 years from           US$5.39     US$25.15     US$5.43      20,722         –       6,864        13,858         –
                               2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                             September 13,          10 years from           US$5.43           N/A    US$5.82           –         –           –             –         –
                               2017(3)                the date of grant
                             September 18,          10 years from           US$6.22     US$27.31     US$6.37      26,169         –       3,900             –    22,269
                               2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant
                             September 22,          10 years from           US$6.53     US$28.36     US$6.55     187,005         –      96,850             –    90,155
                               2017   (3)
                                                      the date of grant




232       BEIGENE, LTD.         •           2021        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                                                                                         Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                       /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                               Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                   Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                         day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee   Role             Date of grant                  Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


          Other grantees


                           September 25,                  10 years from           US$6.55     US$26.65      US$6.56     180,869           –     27,300             –   153,569
                             2017(3)                        the date of grant
                           September 26,                  10 years from           US$6.56     US$24.78      US$8.71      62,751           –     62,751             –         –
                             2017       (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                           September 29,                  10 years from           US$7.49     US$26.80      US$7.96     199,992           –    162,500             –    37,492
                             2017       (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                           November 1,                    10 years from           US$7.10     US$27.00      US$6.84     284,310           –     50,414         7,540   226,356
                             2017       (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                           November 30,                   10 years from           US$6.38     US$27.28      US$6.15      36,231           –     17,277         8,190    10,764
                             2017(3)                        the date of grant
                           January 5, 2018(3) 10 years from                       US$7.72     US$24.87      US$7.58     112,788           –     93,717             –    19,071
                                                            the date of grant
                           January 31,                    10 years from           US$9.52     US$27.04     US$10.44     111,490           –     27,105             –    84,385
                           2018   (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                           February 28,                   10 years from          US$11.61     US$26.95     US$11.04      32,604           –     24,700             –     7,904
                             2018       (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                           April 30, 2018     (3)
                                                          10 years from          US$13.37     US$26.01     US$13.04      38,727           –     21,320             –    17,407
                                                            the date of grant
                           June 26, 2018(3)               10 years from          US$12.70     US$24.37     US$12.34    1,584,726          –    600,288        48,477   935,961
                                                            the date of grant
                           June 29, 2018(3)               10 years from          US$11.90     US$25.53     US$11.83      32,214           –     20,111             –    12,103
                                                            the date of grant
                           August 31, 2018(3) 10 years from                      US$13.67     US$25.00     US$13.66      21,203           –      7,462             –    13,741
                                                            the date of grant
                           August 31, 2018 10 years from
                                                    (7)
                                                                                 US$13.67           N/A    US$13.66     108,537           –          –             –   108,537
                                                            the date of grant
                           September 28,                  10 years from          US$13.28           N/A    US$13.25      65,433           –          –             –    65,433
                             2018       (3)
                                                            the date of grant
                           September 28,                  10 years from          US$13.28           N/A    US$13.25      39,260           –          –             –    39,260
                             2018       (8)
                                                            the date of grant




                                                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.              •         2021   ANNUAL REPORT                 233
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                                                                                                    Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                    /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                            Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                      day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee     Role             Date of grant             Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


            Other grantees


                             November 30,              10 years from          US$11.07     US$27.08     US$11.79     43,827         –      32,799              –     11,028
                               2018(3)                   the date of grant
                             December 31,              10 years from          US$10.53     US$25.47     US$10.79    287,157         –     110,539         32,565    144,053
                               2018       (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                             December 31,              10 years from          US$10.53     US$26.10     US$10.79     47,996         –      35,269              –     12,727
                               2018       (8)
                                                         the date of grant
                             January 25,               10 years from           US$9.62     US$25.22     US$10.44     73,021         –      34,372              –     38,649
                             2019   (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                             February 28,              10 years from          US$10.77     US$29.63     US$10.54    222,326         –      91,572              –    130,754
                               2019(3)                   the date of grant
                             March 5, 2019(3) 10 years from                   US$11.68     US$26.84     US$11.51     98,735         –      20,241              –     78,494
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 10, 2019(3)           10 years from           US$9.33           N/A    US$10.32     44,213         –           –              –     44,213
                                                         the date of grant
                             June 5, 2019(3)           10 years from           US$9.25     US$25.53      US$9.23   4,162,067        –     850,265        237,640   3,074,162
                                                         the date of grant
                             June 28, 2019       (3)
                                                       10 years from           US$9.67     US$23.26      US$9.53    155,584         –      53,417         63,453     38,714
                                                         the date of grant
                             August 30, 2019(3) 10 years from                 US$11.14     US$25.23     US$11.06    138,476         –      41,275              –     97,201
                                                         the date of grant
                             November 29,              10 years from          US$15.71           N/A    US$15.83     39,221         –           –              –     39,221
                               2019       (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                             December 31,              10 years from          US$12.80     US$25.47     US$12.92     54,431         –      24,908              –     29,523
                               2019       (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                             March 3, 2020       (3)
                                                       10 years from          US$12.62     US$26.27     US$12.19     36,244         –      15,587              –     20,657
                                                         the date of grant
                             March 31, 2020(3) 10 years from                   US$9.65     US$29.63      US$9.67    404,235         –     109,460              –    294,775
                                                         the date of grant
                             May 12, 2020(3)           10 years from          US$12.56           N/A    US$12.18     38,597         –           –              –     38,597
                                                         the date of grant




234       BEIGENE, LTD.         •               2021       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                                                                                        Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                    /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                            Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                                Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                      day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee   Role             Date of grant               Option period             grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


          Other grantees


                           May 29, 2020(3)             10 years from          US$12.49           N/A    US$12.73      21,281            –           –              –     21,281
                                                         the date of grant
                           June 17, 2020(3)            10 years from          US$13.33     US$26.01     US$13.42    2,880,566           –     453,505        206,921   2,220,140
                                                         the date of grant
                           June 30, 2020(3)            10 years from          US$14.55           N/A    US$14.66     212,771            –           –              –    212,771
                                                         the date of grant
                           August 7, 2020(3) 10 years from                    US$17.24           N/A    US$16.99      40,248            –           –              –     40,248
                                                         the date of grant
                           August 31, 2020 10 years from
                                                 (3)
                                                                              US$18.69           N/A    US$18.85      14,040            –           –              –     14,040
                                                         the date of grant
                           September 30,               10 years from          US$21.65           N/A    US$22.03       8,021            –           –              –      8,021
                             2020    (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                           November 6,                 10 years from          US$23.08           N/A    US$23.07     175,708            –           –              –    175,708
                             2020    (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                           November 30,                10 years from          US$21.99           N/A    US$20.99      33,319            –           –          6,357     26,962
                             2020    (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                           January 22,                 10 years from          US$27.46           N/A    US$28.81           –       64,441           –              –     64,441
                           2021(3)                       the date of grant
                           February 26,                10 years from          US$25.36           N/A    US$25.81           –        6,331           –              –      6,331
                             2021    (3)
                                                         the date of grant
                           March 31, 2021(3) 10 years from                    US$25.61           N/A    US$26.78           –      158,834           –              –    158,834
                                                         the date of grant
                           May 7, 2021(3)              10 years from          US$24.15           N/A    US$24.78           –       84,240           –              –     84,240
                                                         the date of grant
                           May 28, 2021    (3)
                                                       10 years from          US$27.00           N/A    US$27.58           –      121,485           –              –    121,485
                                                         the date of grant
                           June 16, 2021(3)            10 years from          US$25.54           N/A    US$26.53           –     2,714,413          –        380,458   2,333,955
                                                         the date of grant
                           June 30, 2021(3)            10 years from          US$27.48           N/A    US$27.28           –       88,829           –              –     88,829
                                                         the date of grant




                                                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.              •         2021    ANNUAL REPORT                    235
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                      Number of options
                                                                                                                                                     Cancelled
                                                                                                                                                  /Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                          Price on             Outstanding    Granted Exercised during the       as of
                                                                              Price on day prior to   Exercise        as of during the during the
Name of                                                                    day prior to exercise       (Grant) January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,
grantee         Role             Date of grant     Option period               grant(1)     date(2)      price        2021      Period     Period   Period       2021


                Other grantees


                                 August 6, 2021(3) 10 years from            US$25.84           N/A    US$25.61            –    164,151           –        5,889     158,262
                                                       the date of grant
                                 August 31, 2021(3) 10 years from           US$23.22           N/A    US$23.72            –    153,322           –            –     153,322
                                                       the date of grant
                                 September 30,     10 years from            US$27.81           N/A    US$28.73            –     61,230           –            –      61,230
                                   2021   (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                                 November 5,       10 years from            US$28.38           N/A    US$28.08            –     45,786           –            –      45,786
                                   2021   (3)
                                                       the date of grant
                                 November 30,      10 years from            US$26.40           N/A    US$26.85            –     64,649           –            –      64,649
                                   2021(3)             the date of grant
                                 December 31,      10 years from            US$21.03           N/A    US$20.84            –     59,332           –            –      59,332
                                   2021   (3)
                                                       the date of grant


Total                                                                                                            64,082,595   6,244,524 14,471,093    1,790,953   54,065,073


          (1)    The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
                 to the grant date.


          (2)    The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
                 day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


          (3)    25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
                 anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
                 relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
                 installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
                 25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


          (4)    One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


          (5)    100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the 1st anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
                 next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or
                 termination.


          (6)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
                 exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                 following the vest of the initial 20%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control
                 and/or termination.




236         BEIGENE, LTD.           •           2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (7)   The options become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, beginning on the last day of the first month after
           grant.


     (8)   The options become exercisable upon satisfaction of specified performance targets.


     Grants of RSU to Directors under the 2016 Plan

     On June 16, 2021, the Company also granted RSUs to the Directors. As previously disclosed in the
     Company’s announcement dated April 20, 2021 in relation to the proposed grants of RSU to the Directors
     and following the approval of the independent shareholders at the 2021 annual general meeting held on June
     16, 2021, the Board granted RSUs representing 11,250 ADSs to Mr. John V. Oyler, RSUs representing 3,000
     ADSs to Dr. Xiaodong Wang, and RSUs representing 600 ADSs to each of the non-executive Director and
     independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Timothy Chen, Mr. Donald W.
     Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Mr. Thomas Malley, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders, Mr.
     Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su and Mr. Qingqing Yi, the total number of such underlying Shares amounting to 255,450
     Shares.


3.   Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


     The 2018 ESPP was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
     2018 to amend and restate the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on
     June 6, 2018. On June 5, 2019, the Board approved Amendment No. 1 to the 2018 ESPP. In June 2021, our
     Board adopted the third amended and restated 2018 ESPP to include some technical amendments under U.S.
     tax rules and to consolidate the changes in the prior amendment, which became effective on September 1,
     2021. The 2018 ESPP is not a share option scheme subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the HK Listing
     Rules.


     As of December 31, 2021, 2,160,769 Shares had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the
     2018 ESPP.


     Summary

     The 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at a 15%
     discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at the
     end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.


     The 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has the authority
     to interpret the provisions of the 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in
     administering it.


     All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who are employed as of the first day of the
     applicable offering and have been employed as of the commencement of the enrollment period for such
     offering are eligible to participate in the 2018 ESPP, other than employees who would own 5% or more of the
     voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to purchase Shares under the 2018 ESPP.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            237
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      To participate in the 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount not less
      than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation, including
      regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our Compensation
      Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances
      and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gain on the
      exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.


      Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
      and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
      open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85%
      of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the first local business day of the offering period or the
      last local business day of the offering period, whichever is lower.


      If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
      the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
      the employee.


      In the event of a recapitalization, reclassification, share split, reverse split, combination of shares, exchange
      of shares, share dividend, or similar event, the number and kind of shares that may be purchased under the
      2018 ESPP will be adjusted proportionately such that the proportionate interest of participating employees
      remains the same, to the extent practicable. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will
      be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or
      substituted, the offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by
      setting a new exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.


4.    Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan


      On June 6, 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Inducement Plan and reserved 12,000,000 Shares to be
      used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not previously employees of the Company or its
      subsidiaries, as an inducement to the individual’s entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries.
      The 2018 Inducement Plan was approved by the Board upon recommendation of our Compensation
      Committee. On August 7, 2018, the Company amended the 2018 Inducement Plan to comply with Chapter 17
      of the HK Listing Rules.


      As of December 31, 2021, the Company has conditionally granted options to 2 participants under the 2018
      Inducement Plan. All the options under the 2018 Inducement Plan were granted on August 31, 2018. The
      exercise price of all the options granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan was US$13.66. As of December 31,
      2021, the total number of Shares available for option grants under the 2018 Inducement Plan was 9,334,659
      Shares, representing 0.7% of the issued capital of the Company. As of April 19, 2022, the total number of
      Shares available for option grants under the 2018 Inducement Plan was 9,366,629 Shares, representing 0.7%
      of the issued share capital of the Company as of April 19, 2022.


      Further details of the 2018 Inducement Plan are set out in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.




238    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        As of January 1, 2021, 37,453 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2018
        Inducement Plan, and as of December 31, 2021, 30,901 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted
        under the 2018 Inducement Plan. Details of the movements of the options granted during the Reporting
        Period were as follows:


                                                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/
                                                                                            Price                Outstanding    Granted    Exercised       Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                             Price on day prior                        as of during the during the during the           as of
                                                                       on day prior    to exercise    Exercise January 1,      Reporting   Reporting   Reporting December
Name of grantee    Role       Date of grant      Option period           to grant(1)        date(2)      price         2021       Period      Period       Period    31, 2021


                   Grantees
In aggregate                  August 31, 2018(3) 10 years from           US$13.67       US$25.49      US$13.66       37,453            –       6,552            –     30,901
                                                   the date of grant
Total                                                                                                                37,453            –       6,552            –     30,901


        (1)       The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
                  to the grant date.


        (2)       The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
                  day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


        (3)       25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date
                  on which such grantee starts his or her service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75%
                  become exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each
                  month following the vest of the initial 25%.


        Purpose

        The 2018 Inducement Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to grant equity awards to induce
        highly-qualified prospective officers and employees who are not currently employed by the Company or
        its subsidiaries to accept employment and to provide them with a proprietary interest in the Company. It is
        anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification
        of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the
        Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company.


        Eligible Participants

        Full-time and part-time employees of the Company and its subsidiaries for whom the Company may issue
        securities without shareholder approval in accordance with Rule 5635 (c) (4) of the Marketplace Rules of the
        NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee, are eligible to
        participate in the 2018 Inducement Plan.




                                                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.               •      2021       ANNUAL REPORT                    239
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Number of Shares

      The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2018 Inducement Plan is
      12,000,000.


      Expiration of the 2018 Inducement Plan

      The 2018 Inducement Plan remains in effect until discontinued by the Board.


      Limit of Each Grantee

      Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
      issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan and
      any other equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
      Shares in issue at the date of any grant.


      Option Period

      Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
      option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
      option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
      such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


      The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
      years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
      automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
      each option may be exercised.


      Exercise Price

      The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
      less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
      (ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
      preceding the date of grant.


      Consideration

      No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2018 Inducement
      Plan.




240    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS


There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION


The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES


During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s securities listed on the HKEX. As disclosed in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements and
the paragraph headed “Use of Net Proceeds from STAR Offering”, on December 15, 2021, the Company completed
the STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The Company sold 115,055,260 RMB Shares in this offering.
The RMB Shares are not listed on the HKEX and are not fungible with the ordinary shares of the Company listed on
the HKEX.


During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s securities listed on the HKEX.


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The Audit Committee
currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee)
D. Sanders. Mr. Thomas Malley and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-executive Directors and
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is a non-executive Director. Mr. Thomas Malley is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the
external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          241
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HK LISTING RULES


The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the HK Listing
Rules.


PUBLIC FLOAT


As at April 20, 2022 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of
the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the HKEX.


AUDITORS


The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEX since August 8, 2018, and there has been
no change in auditors in 2021.


The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting and United States financial
reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP respectively. Ernst & Young
will retire and, being eligible, offer itself for respective re-appointment at the 2022 annual general meeting of
shareholders of the Company. Effective on March 23, 2022, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP resigned as the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the audits of the Company’s financial statements for
United States financial reporting. Ernst & Young LLP has been appointed as the Company’s independent registered
public accounting firm for the audits of the Company’s financial statements for United States financial reporting for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 20, 2022




242      BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2021.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES


The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to the Company’s shareholders.


The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.


In 2021, the Company has applied the principles in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to
the HK Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) (in effect during the relevant period) which are applicable
to the Company.


Pursuant to code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code (re-arranged as code provision C.2.1 since
1 January 2022), companies listed on the HKEX are expected to comply with, but may choose to deviate from,
the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer should be segregated
and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles. Our Board believes that Mr. John V. Oyler is the
Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus of the Board due to his extensive understanding of
our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board also believes that the combined role of
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the
flow of information between management and the Board. Our Board will continue to review and consider splitting
the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the
circumstances of our Group as a whole. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility
to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure of the Company based upon its view of what is in the best
interest of the Company. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles or if the Chairman does not otherwise qualify as independent, the
independent Directors may elect a lead director. Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, an independent non-executive Director of
the Company, currently serves as the lead director. The Board believes our current Board leadership structure will
help ensure continuity of strong and effective leadership. The Lead Director has responsibilities that are set forth
in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is
not present, including executive sessions of the independent Directors; consulting with management regarding
Board meeting schedules, locations, agendas and materials; and calling meetings of the independent and non-
management Directors, when appropriate.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           243
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance
Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs C.3.3 and C.3.7 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the Charter of our Audit Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules and the rules of the
SEC. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to monitor the integrity of our financial
statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements
and accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and review all related
party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions. As of the date of
this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Thomas
Malley and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Anthony C. Hooper. Mr.
Thomas Malley, being the chairman of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2)
and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph B.1.2 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the Charter of our Compensation Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Compensation Committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to
director compensation, evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer
and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer and review and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the terms of their compensation, and review and approve the compensation of our other executive
officers and senior management. As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises
three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Qingqing Yi, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Timothy Chen.
Mr. Qingqing Yi is the chairman of the Compensation Committee.


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with the Corporate Governance Code set out in
Appendix 14 to the HK Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph A.5.2 of the Corporate
Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with
the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are among
other things, to develop and recommend to the Board criteria for board and committee membership, recommend
to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the Board’s committees, and
develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. As of the date of this annual report,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors,
namely, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller and Dr. Alessandro Riva and one non-executive Director, namely
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee.




244    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code (in effect during the relevant period) during the year ended December 31, 2021.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS


Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions as set out in Appendix 10 to the HK Listing Rules
regarding the directors’ dealings in the securities of the Company.


Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code for Securities Transactions, a director must not deal in any securities of the
issuer without first notifying in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board
for the specific purpose and receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing
policies, Mr. Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, has been designated
as the insider trading compliance officer whom a director who intends to deal in the Company’s securities must
notify. Our Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite not being a member of the Board, is
able to carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the Company’s insider dealing policies,
the terms of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions.


Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from January 1,
2021 up to the date of this annual report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          245
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board currently comprises twelve members, consisting of one executive Director, two non-executive Directors
and nine independent non-executive Directors.


During the period from January 1, 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board
comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Directors


Dr. Xiaodong Wang
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper


Independent non-executive Directors


Mr. Timothy Chen
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Mr. Qingqing Yi


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


In 2021, the Board at all times met the requirements of the HK Listing Rule relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a written annual confirmation of his
or her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.




246    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS


Code provision A.4.1 of the Corporate Governance Code (deleted from the Corporate Governance Code since
1 January 2022) stipulated that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term, subject to re-
election, and code provision A.4.2 (deleted from the Corporate Governance Code since 1 January 2022) stated
that all directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the first general
meeting after appointment and that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to
retirement by rotation at least once every three years.


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2023 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2024 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2022 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.


We undertook to the HKEX to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy to retire and seek re-election at
the next annual general meeting following their appointment. For details, please refer to our Prospectus.


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT


The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.


The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions
and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          247
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


BOARD COMMITTEES


The Board has established five committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the HKEX.


Audit Committee


The Audit Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
      public accounting firms;


•     approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
      independent registered public accounting firms;


•     reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
      management responsible for preparing our financial statements;


•     reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
      annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
      practices used by us;


•     reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;


•     establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
      complaints and concerns;




248    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEX
     and SSE;


•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
     as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;


•    preparing the Audit Committee report;


•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions; and


•    reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
     filings with the SEC, HKEX and SSE;


•    overseeing and managing the use of proceeds from STAR Offering.


Currently, the Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Mr. Thomas Malley and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-
executive Directors and Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is a non-executive Director. Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman
of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders is an independent non-executive Director appropriately qualified as required under
Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee held twelve meetings during the year ended December 31, 2021. Individual attendance of
each committee member is set out on page 256 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things, the
Audit Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management systems
of the Group. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the
SEC, the NASDAQ and the HKEX. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.
beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEX. During
2021, the Audit Committee’s major work included reviewing the 2020 annual report as well as the related results
announcement, the 2021 interim report and interim results announcement, and the 2021 quarterly financial reports,
financial results prepared for the purpose of STAR Offering, reviewing the external auditors’ plans, reports, fees,
involvement in non-audit services and their terms of engagement, and reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s
financial reporting system, internal control systems and associated procedures.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT         249
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Compensation Committee


The Compensation Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief
      Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial
      Officer;


•     evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and
      General Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives and
      recommending to the Board for approval their compensation based on that evaluation;


•     reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers and key officers;


•     developing and implementing our overall management compensation and policy to align the interests of
      management with our shareholders’;


•     overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;


•     evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
      standards;


•     retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;


•     reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;


•     preparing the compensation committee report;


•     reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis; and


•     reviewing and discussing with the Board corporate succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other
      key officers.


Currently, the Compensation Committee comprises Mr. Qingqing Yi, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Timothy Chen.
Mr. Qingqing Yi is the chairman of the Compensation Committee.


Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021
are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management ranges from HK$35,000,000 to HK$85,000,000.




250    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Compensation Committee held seven meetings during the year ended December 31, 2021. Individual
attendance of each committee member is set out on page 256 of this annual report. During the meetings, the
Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on
determining the annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management. The Compensation
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.
beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEX.
During 2021, the Compensation Committee’s major work included reviewing and recommending to the Board
in respect of the compensation policy and structure by benchmarking peer companies with a similar scale to
ensure that the Company’s compensation packages are competitive to recruit the best talents in the industry and
to retain key staff; reviewing and recommending to the Board on the compensation packages for the directors;
assessing performance; and reviewing and approving adjustments to the compensation packages for the senior
managements.


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;


•    establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
     recommended by shareholders;


•    identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;


•    recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
     committees;


•    developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines; and


•    overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management.


Currently, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael
Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Alessandro Riva. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chairman of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Effective February 24, 2021, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Mr. Jing-Shyh
(Sam) Su have been appointed as members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. On January
31, 2022, Mr. Su resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Su also resigned
from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Effective February 1, 2021, Dr. Alessandro Riva has
been appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT        251
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31,
2021. Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 256 of this annual report. During the
meetings, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the criteria for Board and committee
membership and corporate governance matters. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates
pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under
“Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEX. During 2021, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board, considered
and made recommendations to the Board on the director appointment, the re-election of the directors at the
2021 annual general meeting and the board committee membership. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee has also assessed the independence of the Directors, taking into account of the independence
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the NASDAQ Listing Rules.


Scientific Advisory Committee


The Scientific Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s research and development
      plans and programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any research or development performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs;
      and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key scientific and technical personnel and
      the depth and breadth of the Company’s scientific resources.


The Scientific Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Scientific Advisory
Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2020. Individual attendance of each committee
member is set out on page 256 of this annual report. The Scientific Advisory Committee currently comprises Dr.
Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Thomas Malley, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon
(Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders serve as the
co-chairs of the Scientific Advisory Committee. The Scientific Advisory Committee operates under a written charter
adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors
— Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEX.




252    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s commercial strategy and plans
     and competitiveness of the Company’s commercial programs;


•    receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s medical affairs strategy and
     plans and competitiveness of the Company’s medical affairs programs


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
     any commercial and medical affairs performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation
     programs; and


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
     capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key commercial and medical affairs
     personnel and the depth and breadth of the Company’s commercial and medical affairs resources.


The Commercial Advisory Committee was established on February 26, 2020 and has been renamed the
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective February 24, 2021. The Commercial and Medical
Affairs Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Commercial and Medical Affairs
Advisory Committee held five meetings during the year ended December 31, 2021. Individual attendance of each
committee member is set out on page 256 of this annual report. The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
Committee currently comprises Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Timothy Chen, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev
Krishana, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the chairman of the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. The Commercial Medical Affairs Advisory Committee operates under a written
charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX
investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEX.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT         253
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY


The Company’s Board Diversity Policy sets out the Company’s approach to diversity on the Board. Pursuant to the
Board Diversity Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review annually the structure,
size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board. In
reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider, among
other characteristics, the nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, skills, expertise, and industry and regional experience
of board members and nominees. The Board Diversity Policy further provides that our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will discuss and, where necessary, agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity
on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the
factors identified above and to recruit a Director or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement.
The Board Diversity Policy is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors —
Corporate Governance.”


NOMINATION POLICY


As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria that
it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria as it
deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board for its consideration and approval criteria for
director candidates. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates. The Board may,
however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.


The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Diversity Policy and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with the
Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director and to
fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party search
firms to identify director candidates. For example, in 2021, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
engaged a third-party search firm to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including,
among other things, the skills of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other
background characteristics, his or her independence and the needs of the Board.




254    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with respect to a fixed set
of specific minimum qualifications for its candidates for membership on the Board of Directors. Our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee and Board may therefore consider a broad range of factors relating to
the qualifications and background of nominees, which may include diversity as set forth in the Board Diversity
Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members
is identification of persons who will further the interests of our shareholders through their established record
of professional accomplishment, the ability to contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board
members, knowledge of our business, understanding of the competitive landscape, and professional and personal
experiences and relevant expertise.


Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Articles
and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the
shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is
not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; (c) the candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background,
current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years;
(d) a description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board
membership approved by our Board of Directors; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between
the shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular
for our next general meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information
regarding the candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules
and HK Listing Rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or
about the shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including
information about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the
candidate and any such other beneficial owner.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision D.3.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code (re-arranged as code provision A.2.1 since January 1, 2022).


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing policies,
and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          255
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS


The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings during
the year ended December 31, 2021 are set out below.(1)


                                                                        Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                 Nominating                      Commercial
                                                                               and Corporate        Scientific   and Medical
                                                          Audit Compensation     Governance         Advisory Affairs Advisory   Shareholder
Name of Director                            Board     Committee    Committee      Committee       Committee       Committee       Meetings


Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                               9/9        N/A           N/A             N/A              N/A            N/A            1/1
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper(3)                        9/9       12/12          N/A             3/3              N/A            5/5            1/1
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                               9/9        N/A           N/A             N/A              3/4            N/A            1/1
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Timothy Chen                                9/9        N/A           6/7             N/A              N/A            5/5            1/1
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                            9/9        N/A           N/A             3/3              N/A            N/A            1/1
Mr. Michael Goller                              9/9        N/A           N/A             3/3              4/4            N/A            1/1
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                            9/9        N/A           7/7             N/A              N/A            5/5            1/1
Mr. Thomas Malley                               9/9       12/12          N/A             N/A              4/4            N/A            1/1
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders(2)              9/9       11/12          N/A             N/A              4/4            3/5            1/1
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su (3)(4)
                                                8/9        N/A           N/A             3/3              N/A            5/5            1/1
Mr. Qingqing Yi                                 9/9        N/A           6/7             N/A              4/4            N/A            1/1

Notes:


(1)     Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were appointed to the Board and Dr. Dugan
        was appointed to serve as a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board and Dr. Riva was appointed to
        serve as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the
        Board. Effective February 25, 2022, Dr. Dugan was appointed to serve as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs
        Advisory Committee of the Board.


(2)     Effective February 24, 2021, Dr. Sanders has been appointed as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
        Committee and Co-chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.


(3)     Effective February 24, 2021, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su have been appointed as members of the
        Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board.


(4)     On January 31, 2022, Mr. Su resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Su also
        resigned from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory
        Committee of the Board.




256       BEIGENE, LTD.              •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with code provision A.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code (re-arranged as code provision C.2.7
since January 1, 2022), Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of the Board and our only executive Director, also held
meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the year
ended December 31, 2021.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021.


The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2021 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS


The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.


The Company arranges a formal and comprehensive induction to a newly appointed Director to ensure that the
Director has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware of the director’s
responsibilities under the HK Listing Rules and SFO, and other legal and regulatory requirements.


The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the HK
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties. The Company also encourages the Directors to attend relevant training
courses provided by legal advisors and/or any appropriate institutions.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          257
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For the year ended December 31, 2021, all Directors participated in continuing professional development regarding
their duties and responsibilities as a director of a listed company which included reading materials and/or attending
training.


Effective February 1, 2022, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan and Dr. Alessandro Riva were appointed to the Board. In
January 2022, Drs. Dugan and Riva participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher
& Flom, our legal adviser as to Hong Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the HK
Listing Rules and the SFO.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION


The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, in respect of audit services and
non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, is set out below:


Services Category                                                                        Fees paid and payable
                                                                                               2021            2020
                                                                                           US$’000          US$’000


Audit services                                                                                7,227            3,811
Non-audit services                                                                                 –              97


Total                                                                                         7,227            3,908


The 2021 audit services conducted by Ernst & Young mainly included 2021 Hong Kong annual reporting audit
services, and statutory audit services associated with our certain subsidiaries outside of China. The 2021 audit
services conducted by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP mainly included the integrated audit of our 2021 U.S. GAAP
consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, quarterly review of consolidated
financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, services related to the Company’s
STAR Offering in the PRC, annual report filings and other statutory and regulatory filings in the PRC.


Non-audit services in 2020 mainly consist of compliance and tax advisory services.


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report.




258     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


Collaboration with Amgen


As disclosed in this annual report, on October 31, 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered into a collaboration agreement with Amgen, which became
effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”) and pursuant to which BeiGene and Amgen
agreed to enter into a strategic collaboration on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®,
BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® (the “In-Line Products”) in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) and the
global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology
pipeline products (the “Pipeline Products”, together with the In-Line Products, the “Products”). Amgen is a
substantial shareholder holding approximately 20.5% of the issued share capital of the Company and, therefore,
a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. As a result, the transactions
contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s
oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) for
a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in the agreement,
with the commercialization period for XGEVA® commencing following the transition of operational responsibilities
for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we will have the option to retain one of the three
products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties have agreed to equally share
profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization period. After expiration of the
commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be transitioned back to Amgen and we
will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China of each product for an
additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products.. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene Switzerland contributing up
to US$1.25 billion worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. BeiGene will be
eligible to receive tiered mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China, other than
LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib), on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration
of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first
commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such
product anywhere in the world.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT          259
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, BeiGene will have the right to commercialize the product for
seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, depending on
how many of the Pipeline Product receive approval in China, BeiGene will have the right to retain approximately one
of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib), to commercialize for as
long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each
product will be transitioned back to Amgen and BeiGene will be eligible to received tiered mid-single to low-double
digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to specified exclusivity
requirements in China and the rest of the world.


Under Rule 14A.52 of the HK Listing Rules, the period of an agreement for a continuing connected transaction
must be fixed. However, the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement is for an unspecified term as it will, unless
terminated in accordance with its terms, remain in effect. Under Rule 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, an annual
cap in monetary terms must be set for a continuing connected transaction. The Company applied for, and the
HKEX granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rules 14A.52 and 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, subject to
the following conditions:


(a)   the Company will comply with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules if there are any material changes to the terms of the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement;


(b)   the Company’s independent non-executive directors from time to time will ensure that the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement are undertaken in accordance with its terms;


(c)   the Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company will use his best endeavours to supervise
      the compliance with the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreements and applicable HK Listing Rules
      requirements to the extent not waived by the HKEX on a regular basis;


(d)   the independent non-executive directors and the auditors of the Company will review the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement on an annual basis and confirm in the Company’s annual
      reports the matters set out in Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, respectively; and


(e)   in the event of any future amendments to the HK Listing Rules imposing more stringent requirements than
      those as at the date of the announcement published by the Company on November 1, 2019 via the HKEX, the
      Company will take immediate steps to ensure compliance with such new requirements.




260    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the transaction amounts arising from the costs and revenues of
the commercialization of the products and the royalties to be received by the Company shall be determined in
accordance with the below formulae:


(a)   Caps in relation to the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products


      The Company and Amgen will share equally in the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products
      in China in accordance with the following formula:


      Net profit to be received/net loss to be bore by the Company = 50% x (net revenue of the relevant Product –
      manufacturing actual costs – commercialization and related costs)


(b)   Caps in relation to royalties


      •     Global Ex-China Royalties


            During the applicable Global Pipeline Royalty Term (the period beginning on the first commercial sale
            of a Pipeline Product in a country (other than China) and expiring on the latest of (i) the expiration of
            the last valid patent claim, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or (iii) the earlier of (x) eight years
            after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale or (y) 20 years from the date of first
            commercial sale of the product anywhere in the world), the Company will be eligible to receive tiered
            mid-single digit royalties on global net sales outside of China on a sliding scale for each Pipeline Product
            (other than LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib)) in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = incremental annual global net revenue of the relevant Pipeline Product outside
            China x the applicable royalty rate


      •     China Royalties


            During the applicable five-year period beginning on the return of a Product to Amgen, the Company will
            be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China on a sliding
            scale for each Product returned to Amgen in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = annual net revenue of the relevant returned Product in China x the applicable
            royalty rate




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT            261
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company will receive from Amgen quarterly financial information
regarding the royalty calculation and the Company is entitled to specified audit right.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company’s payment obligations, whether in cash or in kind,
towards the development of the Pipeline Products shall be subject to an aggregate maximum of US$1.25 billion.
The Company will also share in the costs of developing additional indications for the In-Line products in China,
subject to an annual maximum contribution by the Company of US$12.5 million and an aggregate maximum of
US$37.5 million over the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Confirmation from Our Independent Non-executive Directors


Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing
Connected Transactions”) contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, and confirmed the Continuing
Connected Transactions have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b)
on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) the terms of the Continuing Connected Transactions are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of our shareholders as a whole.


Confirmation from Auditor


To comply with Rule 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young (the “Auditor”) to
conduct certain procedures in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard
on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the HKICPA. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the
Board that, with respect to the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021: (a) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to
believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of Directors;
(b) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
policies of the Group; and (c) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Continuing
Connected Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
governing such transactions.




262    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Direct Purchase Option


On March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Amgen SPA in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which agreement was
restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated
Second Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ADSs in
an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6%
of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s
interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i)
is exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by us under our equity
incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) is subject to annual approval by our independent shareholders each
year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option
commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen and its
affiliates collectively own less than 20% of the outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s
sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes
to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) December 1, 2023. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting
period.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 18, 2020, September 25, 2020
and the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated October 9, 2020.


In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate of
165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen for a total consideration of US$50,000, in a
private placement pursuant to the Restated Second Amendment.


Except as disclosed hereunder, no share was issued under the Direct Purchase Option as of the date of this annual
report.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT         263
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Hillhouse Loan

On September 24, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhuhai Hillhouse Zhaohui Equity
Investment Partnership for a total loan facility of US$73,640,000 (RMB500,000,000) (the “Hillhouse Loan”), of
which US$14,728,000 (RMB100,000,000) could be used for general corporate purposes and US$58,912,000
(RMB400,000,000) can only be applied towards the repayment of a senior loan facility of up to US$200,000,000
provided by China Minsheng Bank (the “Senior Loan”). The Hillhouse Loan originally matured at the earlier of: (i)
November 9, 2021, which is one month after the maturity date of the Senior Loan, if not extended, or (ii) 10 business
days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. On October 8, 2021, the Company extended the maturity date of the
Hillhouse Loan to the earlier of: (i) November 9, 2022, which is one month after the Senior Loan maturity date, if not
extended, or (ii) 10 business days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid.


The provision of the Hillhouse Loan was conducted on normal commercial terms or better and was not secured by
the assets of the Group, and was therefore fully exempt from shareholders’ approval and all disclosure requirements
under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. For further details, see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements
included in this annual report.


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang

We have also entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing
connected transaction, as disclosed in this annual report.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

We have established an employee participation program, which allowed certain executive officers and qualified
employees of our PRC subsidiaries to indirectly participate in the STAR Offering and purchase certain RMB Shares
through an asset management plan administrated by China International Capital Corporation Limited (“RMB Shares
Employee Participation Plan”). The RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan participated in the STAR Offering as
a strategic investor and purchased 2,069,546 RMB Shares in the STAR Offering for an aggregate purchase price of
RMB399.43 million pursuant to a strategic investor placement agreement. The RMB Shares Employee Participation
Plan has 137 individual participants, including two of our executive officers, Xiaobin Wu and Lai Wang. Dr. Wu and
Dr. Wang invested RMB15 million and RMB10 million, respectively, in the RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan.


Details of other related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 are set out in Note
27 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.


None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.




264    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS


The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.


We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.


We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects.


Financial Reporting Risk Management


As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.


Information System Risk Management


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          265
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Human Resources Risk Management


We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.


In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.


We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy


With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a Board-
approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed annually
by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date have
been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit Committee. There
have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.




266    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:


•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;


•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;


•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and


•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.


We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting to ensure that our internal
control system is effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. We also
maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal control and
reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies


Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.


Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information
(including inside information). All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of
Conduct. Future Directors, officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning
service at the Company. All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their
review and agreement to comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the
supervision of our Board or a committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the
Code of Conduct, and (ii) when appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of
the Code of Conduct.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT       267
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems


For the year ended December 31, 2021, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate. Such review covers
the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the issuer’s
accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the issuer’s ESG performance
and reporting, and the matters covered in code provision D.2.3 of the Corporate Governance Code.


COMPANY SECRETARY


Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial
matters and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s
primary contact person within the Company is Mr. Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President, General Counsel of
the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the HK Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders


Pursuant to articles 61 and 62 of our Articles, an extraordinary general meeting of our Company shall be convened
on a members’ requisition put forth by our shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate
not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of such of the issued Shares as at that date of the deposit carries the
right of voting at general meetings of our Company. The requisition must state the object of the meeting, set forth a
form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the meeting and must be signed by the
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit
of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene
a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months after the
expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.




268    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details


The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94
Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.


For a shareholder communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the Board,
shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail or expedited
delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director].


Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors
to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other
general meetings. At the forthcoming 2022 annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will
be available in person or via teleconference to meet shareholders and answer their enquiries.


CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS


The memorandum and articles of association of the Company was amended and restated as Fifth Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Fifth Restated Articles”) with effect from February 8, 2016.
A proposal was made to amend the Fifth Restated Articles at the annual general meeting held on June 16, 2021.
The details of the amendments are set out in our circular dated April 30, 2021, which was published on the websites
of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ( www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company, including the key changes summarized
below. Such amendments were approved by our Shareholders at the annual general meeting.


The Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Sixth Restated Articles”), which
became effective on December 15, 2021, the date on which RMB Shares of the Company were listed on the STAR
Market, include the following key changes to the Fifth Restated Articles:




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT         269
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Transfer of Shares


To comply with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the STAR Market and other applicable securities
regulations in the People’s Republic of China, in the Sixth Restated Articles, the Company amended the Fifth
Restated Articles such that the transfer of any shares through electronic transfer as recognized by the designated
stock exchanges shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement of form of instrument of transfer under the Sixth
Restated Articles.


Proceedings at General Meetings


In the Sixth Restated Articles, the Company amended the Fifth Restated Articles such that the Company could hold
a general meeting of shareholders as a physical meeting, as a hybrid meeting or as an electronic meeting. To the
extent required by the designated stock exchange rules, the Company shall facilitate shareholders of RMB Shares
to attend a general meeting through an online voting platform, and such attendance by the shareholders shall be
deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting.


Exclusive Federal Forum


In the Sixth Restated Articles, the Company amended the Fifth Restated Articles such that, unless the Company
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts shall be the sole and
exclusive forum for resolving any complaints asserting a cause of action under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.


The Sixth Restated Articles also contain certain consequential changes in connection with the key changes
described above.




270    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of BeiGene, Ltd.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 277 to 381, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
December 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


Basis for opinion


We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters


Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           271
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (Continued)


 Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Accrual of research and development expenses

 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the                     We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
 Company recognized US$1,459.2 million in research                and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
 and development (“R&D”) expenses. The balance of                 over the accrual of the R&D expenses. For example,
 accrued external R&D activities related expenses as              we tested controls over management’s review of
 of December 31, 2021 amounted to approximately                   the R&D accrual method and the estimates of the
 US$213.9 million. As described in Note 2 to the                  actual services performed by the Outsourced Service
 consolidated financial statements, R&D expenses                  Providers.
 include costs related to clinical trials paid to third-
 party contract research organizations and contract               To test the accrual of R&D expenses, our audit
 manufacturing organizations (collectively referred as            procedures included, among others, reading the
 “Outsourced Service Providers”).                                 contracts with Outsourced Service Providers on a
                                                                  sample basis and understanding and testing the
 Auditing the accrual of R&D expenses related to                  estimates on the progress of clinical trial activities
 Outsourced Service Providers is complex because                  developed by management. Testing management’s
 the clinical trial activities with the Outsourced Service        estimates involved evaluating management’s
 Providers are typically performed over an extended               assumptions used in the calculation related to the
 period with several milestones for the services in each          clinical trial activities and associated timelines,
 agreement. As a result, R&D expenses are allocated               invoicing to date and the provisions in the contracts.
 to each financial reporting period based upon the                We then evaluated the accrual of R&D expenses by
 progress of the clinical trial activities. Determining the       comparing it to the subsequent progress billings
 progress of the clinical trial activities requires significant   issued by the Outsourced Service Providers. We
 estimates and judgment. These estimates are based                also assessed the accrual methodology used by
 on several factors, including management’s knowledge             the Company, including the adequacy of related
 of the clinical trial activities associated with timelines,      disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
 invoicing to date and the provisions in the contracts.
 Changes in these estimates can have a material effect
 on the amount of R&D expenses recognized during the
 reporting period.




272    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (Continued)


 Key audit matter                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Allocation of transaction price in relation to the Novartis Tislelizumab Agreement

 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the Company’s                 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
 consolidated financial statements, the Company                 and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
 entered into a collaboration and license agreement             over the allocation of the transaction price in relation
 for tislelizumab with Novartis Pharma AG (“the                 to the Novartis Tislelizumab Agreement. For example,
 Novartis Tislelizumab Agreement”), which resulted              we tested controls over management’s review of the
 in the recognition of US$538.1 million of revenue for          valuation methodologies and significant assumptions
 the year ended December 31, 2021 and US$111.9                  used in determining the estimated standalone selling
 million of deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021.           prices of the identified performance obligations.
 The Company evaluated the Novartis Tislelizumab
 Agreement under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with           To test the allocation of the transaction price in
 Customers (“ASC 606”) and identified two performance           relation to the Novartis Tislelizumab Agreement, our
 obligations within the arrangement: 1) exclusive license       audit procedures included, among others, evaluating
 for Novartis to develop, manufacture, and commercialize        the valuation methodologies and the discount rates
 tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory, transfer of know-      used by management to determine the standalone
 how and use of the tislelizumab trademark (“PD-1               selling prices of the identified performance obligations,
 License obligation”); and 2) conducting and completing         with the assistance of our internal valuation
 ongoing trials of tislelizumab (“R&D services obligation”).    specialists. We tested the significant assumptions
 The transaction price of US$650.0 million was allocated        and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying
 to each performance obligation based on their relative         data used by the Company in developing its projected
 standalone selling prices. The standalone selling price        future cashflows, including the revenue growth rate,
 of the PD-1 License obligation is determined using the         the estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate and the
 adjusted market assessment approach based on the               probability of technical and regulatory success. We
 probability-weighted present value of forecasted cash          compared these significant assumptions to industry,
 flows associated with out-licensing tislelizumab in the        business and market data and information available
 Novartis Territory. The standalone selling price of R&D        from third-party sources. We evaluated the sensitivity
 services obligation is determined using an expected            of the mark-up rate, probability of technical and
 cost plus a margin approach based on the present               regulatory success, and discount rates by assessing
 value of estimated tislelizumab clinical trial costs plus a    the changes to revenue recognition amounts from
 reasonable margin. The transaction price allocated to          changes in these assumptions, both individually and in
 the PD-1 License obligation was recognized at a point          the aggregate. In addition, we assessed the adequacy
 in time when the license was delivered and the transfer        of the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
 of know-how was completed. The transaction price               statements.
 allocated to the R&D services obligation was deferred
 and recognized over time using a percentage-of-
 completion method.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           273
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (Continued)


 Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Allocation of transaction price in relation to the Novartis Tislelizumab Agreement (Continued)

 Auditing the Company’s allocation of the transaction
 price in relation to the Novartis Tislelizumab Agreement is
 complex due to the significant estimates and judgments
 involved in determining the standalone selling prices for
 each performance obligation identified. The estimates
 of the standalone selling prices involved management’s
 key assumptions such as revenue growth rate,
 estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability
 of technical and regulatory success, and discount rates.
 These significant assumptions are forward looking
 and could be affected by future economic, regulatory,
 and market conditions, which in turn led to significant
 auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing
 procedures to evaluate audit evidence for these
 estimates.


Other information included in the Annual Report


The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




274    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements


Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT      275
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Denis Ming Kui Cheng.




Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
30 March 2022




276    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                     Note                2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                          4,375,678      1,381,950
  Short-term restricted cash                                             4                328               307
  Short-term investments                                                 5           2,241,962      3,268,725
  Accounts receivable, net                                               6            483,113          60,403
  Inventories                                                            7            242,626          89,293
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                              13           270,173         160,012


Total current assets                                                                 7,613,880      4,960,690


Non-current assets:
  Long-term restricted cash                                              4              6,881              7,748
  Property, plant and equipment, net                                     10           587,605         357,686
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                                    9            117,431          90,581
  Intangible assets, net                                                 11            46,679              5,000
  Deferred tax assets                                                    12           110,424          65,962
  Other non-current assets                                               13           163,049         113,090


Total non-current assets                                                             1,032,069        640,067


Total assets                                                                         8,645,949      5,600,757


Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                       14           262,400         231,957
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                    13           558,055         346,144
  Deferred revenue, current portion                                      3            187,414                  –
  Tax payable                                                            12            21,395          20,380
  Operating lease liabilities, current portion                           9             21,925          13,895
  Research and development cost share liability, current portion         3            120,801         127,808
  Short-term debt                                                        15           427,565         335,015


Total current liabilities                                                            1,599,555      1,075,199




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT          277
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                         Note                2021              2020
                                                                                          US$’000        US$’000


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term debt                                                          15              202,113         183,637
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                                   3               220,289                 –
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                        9                43,041          29,417
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                12               14,169          10,792
  Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion      3               269,561         375,040
  Other long-term liabilities                                             13               54,234          57,429


Total non-current liabilities                                                             803,407         656,315


Total liabilities                                                                     2,402,962         1,731,514


Commitments and contingencies                                             24
Equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
      9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,334,804,281 and
      1,190,821,941 shares issued and outstanding as of
      December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively                                                133               118
  Additional paid-in capital                                                         11,191,007         7,414,932
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                                  20               17,950              6,942
  Accumulated deficit                                                                 (4,966,103)       (3,552,749)


Total equity                                                                          6,242,987         3,869,243


Total liabilities and equity                                                          8,645,949         5,600,757




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



278       BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2021             2020
                                                                                          US$’000          US$’000


Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                                    16              633,987          308,874
  Collaboration revenue                                                   3               542,296                 –


  Total revenues                                                                        1,176,283          308,874


Expenses
  Cost of sales – product                                                                 164,906           70,657
  Research and development                                                              1,459,239        1,294,877
  Selling, general and administrative                                                     990,123          600,176
  Amortization of intangible assets                                       11                  750              846


  Total expenses                                                                        2,615,018        1,966,556


Loss from operations                                                                   (1,438,735)       (1,657,682)
  Interest (expense) income, net                                                           (15,757)          1,998
  Other income, net                                                       5                15,904           37,490


Loss before income taxes                                                               (1,438,588)       (1,618,194)
Income tax benefit                                                        12               (25,234)         (17,671)


Net loss                                                                               (1,413,354)       (1,600,523)


Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                          –           (3,617)


Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                                 (1,413,354)       (1,596,906)


Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.,
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                              18                 (1.17)           (1.47)


Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted                    18      1,206,210,049       1,085,131,783


Net loss per American Depositary Share (“ADS”),
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                                                (15.23)          (19.13)


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding, basic and diluted                                   92,785,388       83,471,676


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT        279
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note               2021          2020
                                                                                          US$’000     US$’000


Net loss                                                                              (1,413,354)    (1,600,523)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments                                20               13,714       23,603
  Pension liability adjustments                                           23                1,865        (8,113)
  Unrealized holding loss, net                                            20               (4,571)         (419)


Comprehensive loss                                                                    (1,402,346)    (1,585,452)


Less: comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                               –        (3,489)


Comprehensive loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                      (1,402,346)    (1,581,963)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



280    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2021           2020
                                                                                          US$’000      US$’000


Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss                                                                             (1,413,354)    (1,600,523)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
  net cash used in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                                    46,457         31,789
  Share-based compensation expense                                        19              240,712       183,481
  Acquired in-process research and development                                             83,500       109,500
  Amortization of research and development cost share liability           3               (112,486)    (113,986)
  Unrealized gains on equity investments                                  5                 (7,632)       (11,826)
  Deferred income tax benefits                                                             (41,085)       (27,807)
  Other items, net                                                                         23,510          (4,673)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                                     (423,019)       10,363
  Inventories                                                                             (153,333)       (58,906)
  Other assets                                                                            (107,128)       (56,217)
  Accounts payable                                                                         20,008         95,835
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                                     140,044       185,012
  Deferred revenue                                                                        407,703               –
  Other liabilities                                                                         (2,620)       (25,503)


Net cash used in operating activities                                                  (1,298,723)    (1,283,461)


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                                     (262,942)    (117,508)
  Purchases of short-term investments                                                  (2,147,881)    (5,663,727)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of short-term investments                             3,146,891      2,751,075
  Purchase of in-process research and development                                           (8,500)    (109,500)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                                            (43,409)             –
  Purchase of long-term investments                                                        (43,500)       (26,681)
  Other investing activities                                                                     –         (2,025)


Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                       640,659     (3,168,366)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT      281
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2021         2020
                                                                                          US$’000      US$’000


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from public offering, net of cost                              20          3,392,616               –
  Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares, net of cost                      20               50,000     4,232,017
  Proceeds from research and development cost share liability             3                      –     616,834
  Payment to acquire joint venture (JV) minority interest                 8                      –      (28,723)
  Proceeds from long-term loan                                            15               16,838      110,208
  Repayment of long-term loan                                             15                     –     (132,061)
  Proceeds from short-term loans                                          15              406,449      323,697
  Repayment of short-term loans                                           15              (321,754)     (12,247)
  Proceeds from option exercises and employee share purchase plan                          92,762       93,101


Net cash provided by financing activities                                             3,636,911       5,202,826


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                               14,035       18,231


Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                           2,992,882        769,230


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                        1,390,005        620,775


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                              4,382,887       1,390,005


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                           4,375,678       1,381,950
  Short-term restricted cash                                                                  328          307
  Long-term restricted cash                                                                  6,881        7,748
  Income taxes paid                                                                        15,695       10,596
  Interest paid                                                                            29,967       44,130
Supplemental non-cash activities:
  Acquisitions of equipment included in accounts payable                                   53,197       42,762
  Purchase of in-process research and
      development included in accounts payable                                             75,000             –




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



282     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                       Attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                        Additional              Other                                                Non-
                                           Ordinary Shares                 Paid-In Comprehensive           Accumulated                         Controlling
                                          Shares             Amount         Capital     Income/(Loss)           Deficit               Total      Interests        Total
                                                             US$’000      US$’000            US$’000           US$’000             US$’000       US$’000      US$’000


Balance at December 31, 2019         801,340,698                 79      2,925,970              (8,001)      (1,955,843)           962,205         16,150      978,355


Proceeds from issuance of
  ordinary shares, net of cost       145,838,979                 14      2,069,596                     –              –           2,069,610             –    2,069,610
Issuance of ordinary shares in
  connection with collaboration      206,635,013                 21      2,162,386                     –              –           2,162,407             –    2,162,407
Exercise of options, ESPP and
  release of RSUs                     38,020,892                  3         93,098                     –              –             93,101              –       93,101
Use of shares reserved for
  share option exercises and
  RSU releases                         (1,013,641)                1               –                    –              –                   1             –             1
Share-based compensation                        –                  –       183,481                     –              –            183,481              –      183,481
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary                 –                  –              –                    –              –                   –        (3,545)       (3,545)
Acquisition of joint venture (JV)
  minority interest                             –                  –       (19,599)                    –              –             (19,599)       (9,116)      (28,715)
Other comprehensive income                      –                  –              –            14,943                 –             14,943            128       15,071
Net loss                                        –                  –              –                    –     (1,596,906)      (1,596,906)          (3,617)   (1,600,523)


Balance at December 31, 2020        1,190,821,941               118      7,414,932              6,942        (3,552,749)          3,869,243             –    3,869,243


Issuance of ordinary shares in
  connection with STAR Offering      115,055,260                 12      3,392,604                     –              –           3,392,616             –    3,392,616
Proceeds from issuance of
  ordinary shares, net of cost         2,151,877                   –        50,000                     –              –             50,000              –       50,000
Exercise of options, ESPP and
  release of RSUs                     28,778,893                  3         92,759                     –              –             92,762              –       92,762
Use of shares reserved for
  share option exercises               (2,003,690)                 –              –                    –              –                   –             –             –
Share-based compensation                        –                  –       240,712                     –              –            240,712              –      240,712
Other comprehensive income                      –                  –              –            11,008                 –             11,008              –       11,008
Net loss                                        –                  –              –                    –     (1,413,354)      (1,413,354)               –    (1,413,354)


Balance at December 31, 2021        1,334,804,281               133     11,191,007             17,950        (4,966,103)          6,242,987             –    6,242,987



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.             •          2021      ANNUAL REPORT              283
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION


      BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”, “BeiGene”, “it”, “its”) is a global, commercial-stage biotechnology company
      focused on discovering, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing innovative medicines to improve
      treatment outcomes and expand access for patients worldwide.


      The Company currently has three approved medicines that were discovered and developed in its own
      labs, including BRUKINSA®, a small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) for the treatment
      of various blood cancers, tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 antibody immunotherapy for the treatment of various
      solid tumor and blood cancers, and pamiparib, a selective small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2.
      The Company has obtained approvals to market BRUKINSA® in the United States, China, EU, UK, Canada,
      Australia and additional international markets, and tislelizumab and pamiparib in China. By leveraging its
      China commercial capabilities, the Company has in-licensed the rights to distribute 13 approved medicines
      for the China market. Supported by its global clinical development and commercial capabilities, the Company
      has entered into collaborations with world-leading biopharmaceutical companies such as Amgen and Novartis
      to develop and commercialize innovative medicines.


      The Company is committed to advancing best and first-in-class clinical candidates internally or with like-
      minded partners to develop impactful and affordable medicines for patients across the globe. Its internal
      clinical development capabilities are deep, including a more than 2,200-person global clinical development
      team that is running more than 90 ongoing or planned clinical trials in over 30 medicines and drug candidates.
      This includes more than 30 pivotal or potentially registration-enabling trials across its portfolio, including its
      three internally discovered, approved medicines. The Company has enrolled in its clinical trials more than
      14,500 subjects, of which approximately one-half have been outside of China.


      The Company has built, and is expanding, its internal manufacturing capabilities, through its state-of-the-art
      biologic and small molecule manufacturing facilities in China to support current and potential future demand
      of its medicines, and plans to build a commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in
      New Jersey. The Company also works with high quality CMOs to manufacture its internally developed clinical
      and commercial products.


      Since its inception in 2010, the Company has become a fully integrated global organization of over 8,000
      employees in 23 countries and regions, including the United States, China, Europe, and Australia.




284    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (Continued)


     As of December 31, 2021, the Company had the following 42 subsidiaries:


                                                                         Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                  Place of              issued/paid-in    Ownership by
     Name of Company                              Incorporation                capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


     BeiGene 101                                  Cayman Islands                     –           100%     No substantial business activities
     BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd                          Australia             US$56,947,230            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
       (“BeiGene Australia”)                                                                              and commercial, Australia
     BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                  PRC*                  US$46,711,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
       (“BeiGene Beijing”)                                                                                development, PRC
     BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.                  PRC*               RMB5,050,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
       (“BeiGene Biologics”)                                                                              development and manufacturing, PRC
     BeiGene (Canada) ULC                         Canada                      CAD100             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Canada
     BeiGene ESP, S.L.                            Spain                     EUR3,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Spain
     BeiGene France Sarl                          France                    EUR7,500             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, France
     BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics                  PRC*               RMB3,870,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
       Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                                                            development and manufacturing, PRC
       (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”)
     BeiGene (Guangzhou) Innovation Technology    PRC*                 US$263,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
       Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou”, formerly                                                           development, PRC
       known as BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.)
     BeiGene Germany GmbH                         Germany                  EUR25,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Germany
     BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited             Hong Kong, China               HK$1            100%     Investment holding
       (“BeiGene HK”)
     Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co., Ltd.          PRC*                   US$4,000,000            100%     No substantial business activities, holding property
       (“Innerway”)                                                                                       for company operations, PRC
     BeiGene International GmbH                   Switzerland              CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Switzerland
     BeiGene (Italy) Sarl                         Italy                    EUR10,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Italy
     BeiGene Brazil Ltda.                         Brazil                   BRL50,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Brazil
     BeiGene Poland sp. z o.o.                    Poland                    PLN5,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Poland
     BeiGene Sweden AB                            Sweden                   SEK25,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                          and commercial, Sweden




                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2021        ANNUAL REPORT                      285
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                                        Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                    Place of           issued/paid-in    Ownership by
      Name of Company                               Incorporation             capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


      BeiGene Turkey Medical Products               Turkey                TRY10,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
        Trade Limited Company                                                                            and commercial, Turkey
      BeiGene Ireland Limited                       Republic of                     –           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
        (“BeiGene Ireland”)                           Ireland                                            and commercial, Republic of Ireland
      BeiGene Japan, Ltd.                           Japan              JPY1,781,660             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, Japan
      BeiGene Korea Y.H.                            South Korea      KRW100,000,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, South Korea
      BeiGene Netherlands B.V                       Netherlands                     –           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, Netherlands
      BeiGene NZ Unlimited (formerly known as       New Zealand          NZD100,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
        BeiGene NZ, Limited)                                                                             and commercial, New Zealand
      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals GmbH                  Switzerland           CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, Switzerland
      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou)           PRC*               RMB3,800,000             100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
        Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical
        (Guangzhou)”)
      SuGene Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou)               PRC*               RMB7,000,000             100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
        Co., Ltd. (formerly known as
        BeiGene Pharmaceuticals
        (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.)
      BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   PRC*               US$1,000,000             100%     Drug commercialization, PRC
        (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai)”)
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                  PRC*             RMB534,344,311             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Shanghai”)                                                                             development, PRC
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Research &                 PRC*              RMB70,000,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research, PRC
        Development Co., Ltd.
      BeiGene Singapore Pte., Ltd.                  Singapore                  SGD1             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, Singapore
      BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                    PRC*             US$144,000,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Suzhou”)                                                                               manufacturing and commercial, PRC
      BeiGene Switzerland GmbH                      Switzerland           CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
        (“BeiGene Switzerland”)                                                                          and commercial, Switzerland
      BeiGene (Taiwan) Limited                      Taiwan, China    TWD168,000,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, Taiwan, China
      BeiGene UK, Ltd. (“BeiGene UK”)               United Kingdom           GBP140             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                         and commercial, United Kingdom
      BeiGene United Kingdom, Ltd.                  United Kingdom           GBP100             100%     Investment holding




286     BEIGENE, LTD.                  •     2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                                 Particulars of   Percentage of
                                             Place of           issued/paid-in    Ownership by
     Name of Company                         Incorporation             capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


     BeiGene USA, Inc. (“BeiGene USA”)       Delaware,                   US$1            100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                               United States                                      and commercial, U.S.
     BeiGene US Holdings, LLC                Delaware,                       –           100%     Investment holding, U.S.
                                               United States
     BeiGene US Manufacturing Co., Inc.      Delaware,         US$101,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                               United States                                      development and manufacturing. U.S.
     BeiGene Hopewell Urban Renewal, LLC     New Jersey,        US$75,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                               United States                                      development and manufacturing. U.S.
     Pi Health, Ltd.                         Cayman Islands     US$12,000,000            100%     Health technology research and development,
                                                                                                  Cayman Islands
     Pi Health USA, LLC                      Delaware,           US$5,000,000            100%     Health technology research and development, U.S.
                                               United States
     Newco 101                               Cayman Islands                  –           100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                  development, Cayman Islands

     *        Limited liability company established in PRC


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


     Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation


     The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
     accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the financial
     statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances
     between the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are eliminated upon consolidation.


     Noncontrolling interests are recognized to reflect the portion of the equity of subsidiaries which are not
     attributable, directly or indirectly, to the controlling shareholders. Prior to 2020, the Company consolidated its
     interests in its joint ventures, BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd. (BeiGene Biologics) and MapKure, LLC (MapKure),
     under the voting model and recognized the minority shareholders’ equity interest as a noncontrolling
     interest in its consolidated financial statements. In June 2020, the Company deconsolidated MapKure and
     recorded an equity method investment for its remaining ownership interest in the joint venture (see Note 5).
     In November 2020, the Company acquired the remaining equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. Subsequent to
     the share purchase, BeiGene Biologics is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (see Note 8).




                                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2021       ANNUAL REPORT                      287
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Use of Estimates


      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures
      of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
      revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include,
      but are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration
      in product sales and collaboration revenue arrangements, identifying separate accounting units and the
      standalone selling price of each performance obligation in the Company’s revenue arrangements, assessing
      the impairment of long-lived assets, valuation and recognition of share-based compensation expenses,
      realizability of deferred tax assets, estimating uncertain tax positions, valuation of inventory, estimating the
      allowance for credit losses, determining defined benefit pension plan obligations, measurement of right-of-
      use assets and lease liabilities and the fair value of financial instruments. Management bases the estimates
      on historical experience, known trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the
      results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual
      results could differ from these estimates.


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency

      The Company uses the United States dollar (“$” or U.S. dollar) as its reporting currency. Operations in
      subsidiaries are recorded in the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. The determination of
      functional currency is based on the criteria of Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 830, Foreign Currency
      Matters .


      Foreign currency translation

      For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
      rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, to translate the operating results and
      financial position to U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, respectively. Translation differences are recorded in
      accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity. Transactions denominated
      in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange
      rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities are
      remeasured at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange gains and losses are
      included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.




288     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
     withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
     three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
     of money market funds are stated at fair value.


     Restricted cash

     Restricted cash primarily consists of RMB-denominated cash deposits pledged in designated bank accounts as
     collateral for bank loans and letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current
     based on the term of the restriction.


     Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses


     Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of trade discounts and allowances
     as well as an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses reflects the Company’s current
     estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the receivables. The Company considers
     various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for credit losses including the aging
     of receivables and aging trends, customer creditworthiness and specific exposures related to particular
     customers. The Company also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country
     specific risks and economic factors that may affect a customer’s ability to pay in establishing and adjusting its
     allowance for credit losses. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection efforts have ceased.


     Inventory


     Prior to the regulatory approval of product candidates, the Company may incur expenses for the manufacture
     of drug product to support the commercial launch of those products. Until the date at which regulatory
     approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, all such costs are recorded as research and
     development expenses as incurred.


     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The Company periodically analyzes its
     inventory levels, and writes down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in
     excess of its estimated realizable value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost
     of product sales. The determination of whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates by
     management. If actual market conditions are less favorable than projected by management, additional
     write-downs of inventory may be required, which would be recorded in the consolidated statements of
     operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          289
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      Investments

      The Company’s investments consist of available-for-sale debt securities, public equity securities with readily
      determinable fair values, private equity securities without readily determinable fair values, and equity-method
      investments. The classification of an investment is determined based on the nature of the investment, the
      Company’s ability and intent to hold the investment, and the degree to which the Company may exercise
      influence over the investee.


      •     Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net
            of tax, reported in other comprehensive loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified as
            available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such
            amortization is computed using the effective interest method and included in interest income. Interest
            and dividends are included in interest income. Available-for-sale debt securities with original maturities
            greater than three months at the date of purchase and less than one year from the date of the balance
            sheet are classified as short-term. Available-for-sale debt securities with maturities beyond one year
            may be classified as short-term marketable securities due to their highly liquid nature and because they
            represent the Company’s investments that are available for current operations.


      •     Public equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded at fair value. Subsequent
            changes in fair value are recorded in other income, net. Derivative financial instruments to purchase
            public equity securities are recorded at fair value. The estimated fair value of derivative financial
            instruments is determined based on the Black-Scholes valuation model. Changes in fair value of
            derivative instruments are recorded in other income, net.


      •     Private equity securities without readily determinable fair values and where the Company does not have
            significant influence are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting
            from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the
            same issuer. Adjustments to private equity securities are recorded in other income, net.


      •     Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock where the Company has significant
            influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee are accounted for as equity-method
            investments. Equity-method investments are initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted based
            on the Company’s percentage ownership in the investee’s income and expenses, as well as dividends,
            if any. The Company records its share of the investee’s results of operations in other income, net. The
            Company records impairment losses on our equity method investments if it deems the impairment to
            be other-than-temporary. The Company deems an impairment to be other-than-temporary based on
            various factors, including but not limited to, the length of time the fair value is below the carrying value
            and ability to retain the investment to allow for a recovery in fair value.


      Realized gains or losses on sales of investments are determined based on the specific identification method.


      The Company regularly evaluates its investments in debt and equity for impairment. The Company recognizes
      an allowance on available-for-sale debt securities when a portion of the unrealized loss is attributable to a
      credit loss and a corresponding credit loss in net income. No impairment losses or allowance for credit losses
      on investments were recorded for any periods presented.



290       BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Property, Plant and Equipment


     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property,
     plant and equipment, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated using the straight-line
     method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                   Useful Lives


     Building                                                                      20 years
     Manufacturing equipment                                                       3 to 10 years
     Laboratory Equipment                                                          3 to 5 years
     Software, Electronic and Office Equipment                                     3 to 5 years
     Leasehold Improvements                                                        Lesser of useful life or lease term


     Leases


     Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASC, Topic 842, Leases (ASC 842) using the effective
     date method. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company has lease
     agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component
     based on the Company’s policy election to combine lease and non-lease components for its leases. Leases
     are classified as operating or finance leases in accordance with the recognition criteria in ASC 842-20-25. The
     Company’s lease portfolio consists entirely of operating leases as of December 31, 2021. The Company’s
     leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.


     At the commencement date of a lease, the Company determines the classification of the lease based on the
     relevant factors present and records a right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liability. ROU assets represent
     the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make
     lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are calculated as the present value
     of the lease payments not yet paid. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded
     from the ROU asset and lease liability calculations and are recognized in expense in the period which the
     obligation for those payments is incurred. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not typically readily
     available, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
     commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This incremental borrowing rate
     reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease
     payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. ROU assets include
     any lease prepayments and are reduced by lease incentives. Operating lease expense for lease payments is
     recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease terms are based on the non-cancelable term
     of the lease and may contain options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will
     exercise that option.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021    ANNUAL REPORT            291
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Leases (Continued)


      Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities on the
      consolidated balance sheet. Lease liabilities that become due within one year of the balance sheet date are
      classified as current liabilities.


      Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
      Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


      Land Use Right, Net


      All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for
      a specified period of time. Land use rights represent operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. The
      purchase price of land use rights represents lease prepayments to the PRC government and is recorded as an
      operating lease ROU asset on the balance sheet. The ROU asset is amortized over the remaining lease term.


      In 2017, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Guangzhou
      for the purpose of constructing and operating the Company’s biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou.
      In 2019, the Company acquired a second Guangzhou land use right from the local Bureau of Land and
      Resources. In 2021, the Company acquired two land use rights from the local Bureau of Land and Resources
      to expand its biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou. Guangzhou land use rights are being amortized
      over the respective terms of the land use rights, which are each 50 years.


      In 2018, the Company acquired a land use right in conjunction with the acquisition of Beijing Innerway
      Bio-tech Co., Ltd. The land use right is being amortized over the term of the land use right, which is 36 years.


      In 2020, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Suzhou
      to construct its research, development and manufacturing facility in Suzhou. The land use right is being
      amortized over the term of the land use right, which is 30 years.


      Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


      Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a
      business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company allocates
      the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
      values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over the fair value of the
      net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized,
      but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would
      indicate a potential impairment.




292     BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Continued)


     The Company has elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
     that the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The
     qualitative assessment includes the Company’s evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
     Company’s single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the Company’s
     overall financial performance, and trends in the market price of the Company’s ADSs. If qualitative factors
     indicate that it is more likely than not that the Company’s reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying
     amount, then the Company will perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the reporting unit’s
     carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
     its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended
     December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of
     goodwill.


     Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
     and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
     business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on their
     relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Intangible assets associated with milestone payments
     made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are recorded at cost. Identifiable intangible assets
     consist of distribution rights for approved cancer therapies licensed from BMS that are amortized on a
     straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is 10 years; post-approval milestone
     payments under license and commercialization agreements, that are amortized over the remainder of the
     product patent or the term of the commercialization agreements; and trading licenses that are amortized over
     the initial license term.


     Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
     could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
     Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
     assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
     disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets,
     the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over
     their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be generated
     by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and
     2020, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its other intangible assets.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          293
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Impairment of Long-Lived Assets


      Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
      disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
      indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
      carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there was
      no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.


      Fair Value Measurements


      Fair value of financial instruments

      The Company applies ASC topic 820 (ASC 820), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, in measuring fair
      value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures to
      be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes
      the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


      Level 1 － Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
      markets.


      Level 2 － Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


      Level 3 － Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


      ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1) market
      approach; (2) income approach; and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
      information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
      income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
      measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
      The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




294     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


     Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

     The following tables set forth assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 and
     2020:


                                                                 Quoted Price in           Significant
                                                                  Active Market                 Other      Significant
                                                                    for Identical      Observable        Unobservable
                                                                         Assets                Inputs          Inputs
     As of December 31, 2021                                           (Level 1)             (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                                       US$’000               US$’000         US$’000


     Cash equivalents
       U.S. treasury securities                                         107,855                     –               –
       Money market funds                                               315,564                     –               –
     Short-term investments (Note 5):
       U.S. treasury securities                                       2,241,962                     –               –
     Other non-current assets (Note 5):
       Equity securities with readily determinable fair values           23,809                10,306               –


     Total                                                            2,689,190                10,306               –


                                                                 Quoted Price in           Significant
                                                                  Active Market                 Other      Significant
                                                                    for Identical      Observable        Unobservable
                                                                         Assets                Inputs          Inputs
     As of December 31, 2020                                           (Level 1)             (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                                       US$’000               US$’000         US$’000


     Cash equivalents
       U.S. treasury securities                                         286,072                     –               –
       Money market funds                                                80,838                     –               –
     Short-term investments (Note 5):
       U.S. treasury securities                                       3,268,725                     –               –
     Other non-current assets (Note 5):
       Equity securities                                                 10,810                 6,669               –


     Total                                                            3,646,445                 6,669               –




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021     ANNUAL REPORT       295
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

      The Company’s cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with original maturities of 3 months or less.
      Short-term investments represent the Company’s investments in available-for-sale debt securities. The
      Company determines the fair value of cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities using a market
      approach based on quoted prices in active markets.


      The Company’s equity securities carried at fair value consist of holdings in common stock and warrants
      to purchase additional shares of common stock of Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (Leap), which were acquired
      in connection with a collaboration and license agreement entered into in January 2020 and in Leap’s
      underwritten public offering in September 2021. The common stock investment in Leap, a publicly-traded
      biotechnology company, is measured and carried at fair value and classified as Level 1. The warrants to
      purchase additional shares of common stock in Leap are classified as a Level 2 investment and are measured
      using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model, which utilizes a constant maturity risk-free rate
      and reflects the term of the warrants, dividend yield and stock price volatility, that is based on the historical
      volatility of similar companies. Refer to Note 5, Investments for details of the determination of the carrying
      amount of private equity investments without readily determinable fair values and equity method investments.


      As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
      receivable, accounts payable, and short-term debt approximated their carrying values due to their short-term
      nature. Long-term debt approximates its fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate
      the rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities.


      Revenue Recognition


      Effective January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      (ASC 606) using the modified retrospective method.


      Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
      services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
      goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
      the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
      (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
      consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
      (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
      the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
      entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.




296    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition (Continued)


     Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
     the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
     obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
     allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


     Product Revenue


     The Company generates product revenues in China through the sale of its internally developed drugs
     tislelizumab, BRUKINSA® and pamiparib, and the sale of in-licensed products through its agreements with
     Amgen, BMS, Bio-Thera and EUSA Pharma. Under the commercial profit share arrangement with Amgen, the
     Company is the principal for in-licensed product sales to customers in China during the commercialization
     period and recognizes 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to Amgen for its portion
     of net product sales are recorded as cost of sales. In the United States, the Company generates product
     revenues from the sale of BRUKINSA®.


     In China, the Company sells its internally developed products to multiple distributors, who in turn sell
     the product to hospitals or pharmacies within their authorized territories to be sold ultimately to patients.
     In-licensed products are sold to a first tier distributor who subsequently resells the products to second tier
     distributors who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients. In the United States, the
     Company distributes BRUKINSA® through specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors. The specialty
     pharmacies and specialty distributors subsequently resell the product to health care providers and patients.


     The Company is the principal under the product sales as the Company controls the products with the ability
     to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the products before they are sold
     to the customer. For product sales transactions, the Company has a single performance obligation which is
     to sell the products to its customer. The Company includes variable consideration in the transaction price
     to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and estimates variable consideration
     from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives
     using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when the
     single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the customer. The Company’s payment terms
     are approximately 45-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the
     Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual
     results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which
     would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT              297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Product Revenue (Continued)


      Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government
      and commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in the
      PRC, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives that are
      offered within contracts between the Company and its customers, health care providers and other indirect
      customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes that
      are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical experience, current contractual and
      statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events and trends, industry data and
      forecasted customer buying and payment patterns.


      The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as
      reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly
      launched products where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially
      calculated based on benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or
      benchmarking data the Company uses to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then
      a change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues
      in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in
      determining the current sales return allowance. To date, sales returns have not been significant.


      Collaboration Revenue


      At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
      the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (ASC 808) to determine whether such arrangements
      involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
      exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
      collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
      determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
      are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
      of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
      is determined and applied consistently.


      In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
      agreements, the Company performs the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.




298    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Collaboration Revenue (Continued)


     The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
     obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
     development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
     return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
     assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
     identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
     Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
     of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
     each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
     good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
     received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
     customers.


     Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
     property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
     in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from
     non-refundable up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
     licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.


     Options to License Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for options to license the
     Company’s intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the option represents a material right and is
     distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For options determined to be
     a material right and distinct, the Company defers the non-refundable up-front fees allocated to the option
     and recognizes revenues at a point in time, at the earlier of when the option is exercised or the option period
     expires.


     Right to Access Intellectual Property during the Option Period: The portion of a transaction price allocated
     to the other parties right to access the Company’s intellectual property to generate their own data during an
     option period is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over the option period on a straight-line
     basis as the right to use the intellectual property is provided and the data generated.


     Research and Development Services: The portion of a transaction price allocated to research and
     development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
     as delivery or performance of such services occurs.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT         299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Collaboration Revenue (Continued)


      Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
      the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
      amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
      significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
      price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
      phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
      generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
      is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
      Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
      included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
      and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
      period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
      process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
      obtained.


      Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
      the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
      Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
      obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


      Research and Development Expenses


      Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development
      activities, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings, which
      primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
      and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
      technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
      supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
      provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
      research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
      incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
      alternative future uses.




300    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Research and Development Expenses (Continued)


     Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
     Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
     of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
     clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
     parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
     in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
     accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
     in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


     The process of estimating the Company’s research and development expenses involves reviewing open
     contracts and purchase orders, communicating with its personnel to identify services that have been
     performed on its behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for
     the services when the Company has not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The
     majority of the Company’s service providers invoice it in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined
     schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. The Company
     makes estimates of the expenses as of each balance sheet date in its financial statements based on facts
     and circumstances known to the Company at that time. Although the Company does not expect its estimates
     to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, the understanding of the status and timing of
     services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result
     in the Company reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. There were no
     material adjustments for a change in estimate to research and development expenses in the accompanying
     consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.


     Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


     The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments
     that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments,
     are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they
     are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would
     constitute a “business” as defined under U.S. GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for
     marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use. Milestone payments
     made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized
     over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales of the products
     licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are recognized.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT        301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Government Grants


      Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
      Company are recognized as other non-operating income upon receipt. In the event government grants
      or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company will capitalize the payment as a
      liability and recognize the same financial statement caption as the performance obligation relates over the
      performance period.


      Comprehensive Loss


      Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions
      and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and
      distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income , requires that all items
      that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss
      be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
      For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency
      translation adjustments, pension liability adjustments and unrealized holding gains/losses associated with the
      available-for-sale debt securities, and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


      Share-Based Compensation


      Awards granted to employees

      The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation (ASC 718), to account for its employee
      share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award should be
      classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-based
      awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements based
      on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using an
      option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
      market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has
      elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards
      granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost
      recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at
      that date. The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on
      performance conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of
      the share-based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.
      ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
      period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.




302    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


     Awards granted to employees (Continued)

     Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
     adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense
     is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share-based awards
     that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company revises these estimates in the future, the share-based
     payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company,
     with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the
     stock options granted to employees using the binomial option pricing model.


     Awards granted to non-employees

     The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
     provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity . All transactions in which goods or services are received in
     exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or
     the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The grant date is the
     measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued. The expense is recognized in the same
     manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance
     with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments to non-employees . The Company estimated the fair value of share
     options granted to non-employees using the same method as employees.


     Modification of awards

     A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
     Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
     the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
     value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
     recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
     Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
     cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
     If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
     modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT         303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Income Taxes


      The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
      assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
      bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
      differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
      some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


      The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes , which
      prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
      financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
      “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
      assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
      threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
      has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
      recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
      expense.


      Loss Per Share


      Loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic loss per ordinary share
      is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of
      ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the two-class method,
      net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities based on dividends declared
      (or accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if all the earnings for the reporting
      period had been distributed. The Company’s restricted shares are participating securities because they have
      contractual rights to share in the profits of the Company.


      However, the restricted shares do not have contractual rights and obligations to share in the losses of the
      Company. For the periods presented herein, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-class
      method is not applicable as the Company is in a net loss position.


      Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders as adjusted
      for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number of ordinary and
      dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares consist of the
      ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares, if any, using the
      if-converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the share options and unvested
      restricted shares, using the treasury stock method.


      Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
      be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Company’s consolidated
      statements of operations.



304    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Segment Information


     In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
     Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
     and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
     segment: pharmaceutical products.


     Concentration of Risks


     Concentration of credit risk

     Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents short-term
     investments, and accounts receivable.


     As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, US$4,375,678,000 and US$1,381,950,000 were deposited with various
     major reputable financial institutions located in the PRC and international financial institutions outside of the
     PRC, respectively. The deposits placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial
     insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Company may be unable to
     claim its deposits back in full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality
     and continually monitors the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. As of December 31, 2021 and
     2020, the Company had short-term investments amounting to US$2,241,962,000 and US$3,268,725,000,
     respectively.


     At December 31, 2021, the Company’s short-term investments were comprised of U.S. treasury securities.
     The Company believes that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually monitors the
     credit worthiness of these institutions.


     As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had accounts receivable, net of US$483,113,000 and
     US$60,403,000, respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales and
     amounts due from the our collaboration partners. The Company monitors economic conditions to identify
     facts or circumstances that may indicate receivables are at risk of collection.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          305
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Concentration of Risks (Continued)


      Customer concentration risk

      For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to the Company’s three largest product distributors, Sinopharm,
      China Resources, and Shanghai Pharmaceutical represented approximately 26.0%, 19.9% and 16.7% of
      product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately 23.4% of trade accounts receivable
      as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company’s collaboration revenue
      consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing collaboration agreements with Novartis.
      Receivables from Novartis represented approximately 66.4% of trade accounts receivable as of December
      31, 2021, primarily due to the invoicing of the US$300,000,000 upfront fee related to the Ociperlimab option,
      collaboration and license agreement.


      For the year ended December 31, 2020, sales to the Company’s two largest product distributors, China
      Resources and Sinopharm, represented approximately 38.7% and 25.4% of product revenue, respectively,
      and collectively, represented approximately 59.6% of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2020.


      Business, customer, political, social and economic risks

      The Company participates in a dynamic biopharmaceutical industry and believes that changes in any of the
      following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of
      operations, or cash flows: changes in the overall demand for services and products; competitive pressures
      due to existing competitors and new entrants; advances and new trends in new drugs and industry standards;
      changes in clinical research organizations, contract manufacturers and other key vendors; changes in
      certain strategic relationships or customer relationships; regulatory considerations; intellectual property
      considerations; and risks associated with the Company’s ability to attract and retain employees necessary
      to support its growth. The Company’s operations could be also adversely affected by significant political,
      economic and social uncertainties in the PRC and in relations between the PRC and United States.




306    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks (Continued)


     Currency convertibility risk

     A significant portion of the Company’s expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On January
     1, 1994, the PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as
     quoted daily by the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC). However, the unification of the exchange rates does
     not imply that the RMB may be readily convertible into U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies. All foreign
     exchange transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and
     sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by
     the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices,
     shipping documents and signed contracts.


     Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international
     economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading
     system market.


     Foreign currency exchange rate risk

     Since July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket
     of certain foreign currencies. For RMB against U.S. dollar, there was appreciation of approximately 2.3% and
     appreciation of approximately 6.3%, in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. It is difficult to predict
     how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and
     the U.S. dollar in the future.


     To the extent that the Company needs to convert U.S. dollar into RMB for capital expenditures and working
     capital and other business purposes, appreciation of RMB against U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect
     on the RMB amount the Company would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if the Company decides to
     convert RMB into U.S. dollar for the purpose of making payments for dividends on ordinary shares, strategic
     acquisitions or investments or other business purposes, appreciation of U.S. dollar against RMB would have
     a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to the Company. In addition, a significant depreciation of
     the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Company’s earnings
     or losses.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          307
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Recent Accounting Pronouncements


      New accounting standards which have been adopted

      In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes
      (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This update simplifies the accounting for income
      taxes as part of the FASB’s overall initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The amendments
      include removal of certain exceptions to the general principles of ASC 740, Income taxes, and simplification
      in several other areas such as accounting for a franchise tax (or similar tax) that is partially based on income.
      Certain amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively or modified retrospectively, and all other
      amendments should be applied prospectively. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2021. There
      was no material impact to the Company’s financial position or results of operations upon adoption.


      New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted

      In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosures by
      Business Entities about Government Assistance. This update requires certain annual disclosures about
      transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting
      model by analogy. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and early
      application is permitted. This guidance should be applied either prospectively to all transactions that are
      reflected in financial statements at the date of initial application and new transactions that are entered into
      after the date of initial application or retrospectively to those transactions. The Company does not expect the
      impact of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.




308    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS


     The Company enters into collaborative arrangements for the research and development, manufacture and/
     or commercialization of drug products and drug candidates. To date, these collaborative arrangements have
     included out-licenses of and options to out-license internally developed products and drug candidates to
     other parties, in-licenses of products and drug candidates from other parties, and profit- and cost-sharing
     arrangements. These arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations
     for potential development, regulatory and commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing and
     reimbursement arrangements, royalty payments, and profit sharing.


     Out-Licensing Arrangements


     During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company’s collaboration revenue related to its out-licensing
     collaborative agreements has consisted of upfront license fees, research and development services revenue
     and right to access intellectual property revenue from its collaboration agreements with Novartis for
     tislelizumab and ociperlimab.


     The following table summarizes total collaboration revenue recognized for the years ended December 31,
     2021 and 2020:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2021             2020
     Revenue from Collaborators                                                       US$’000          US$’000


     License revenue                                                                  484,646                 –
     Research and development service revenue                                           53,671                –
     Right to access intellectual property revenue                                       3,979                –


     Total                                                                            542,296                 –




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         309
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Novartis

      Tislelizumab Collaboration and License


      In January 2021, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting
      Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and Japan
      (the “Novartis Territory”). The Company and Novartis have agreed to jointly develop tislelizumab in these
      licensed countries, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
      commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies may conduct clinical trials globally
      to explore combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments, and the Company has an option to co-
      detail the product in North America, funded in part by Novartis.


      Under the agreement the Company received an upfront cash payment of US$650,000,000 from Novartis.
      The Company is eligible to receive up to US$1,300,000,000 upon the achievement of regulatory milestones,
      US$250,000,000 upon the achievement of sales milestones, and royalties on future sales of tislelizumab in the
      licensed territory. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is responsible for funding ongoing clinical
      trials of tislelizumab, Novartis has agreed to fund new registrational, bridging, or post-marketing studies in its
      territory, and each party will be responsible for funding clinical trials evaluating tislelizumab in combination
      with its own or third party products. Each party retains the worldwide right to commercialize its propriety
      products in combination with tislelizumab.


      The Company evaluated the Novartis agreement under ASC 606 as all the material units of account
      within the agreement represented transactions with a customer. The Company identified the following
      material components under the agreement: (1) exclusive license for Novartis to develop, manufacture,
      and commercialize tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory, transfer of know-how and use of the tislelizumab
      trademark; (2) conducting and completing ongoing trials of tislelizumab (R&D services); and (3) supplying
      Novartis with required quantities of the tislelizumab drug product, or drug substance, upon receipt of an order
      from Novartis.




310    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis (Continued)

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


     The Company determined that the license, transfer of know-how and use of trademarks are not distinct from
     each other and represent a single performance obligation. The R&D services represent a material promise and
     were determined to be a separate performance obligation at the outset of the agreement as the promise is
     distinct and has standalone value to Novartis. The Company evaluated the supply component of the contract
     and noted the supply will not be provided at a significant incremental discount to Novartis. The Company
     concluded that, for the purpose of ASC 606, the provision related to providing clinical and commercial supply
     of tislelizumab in the Novartis Territory was an option but not a performance obligation of the Company at
     the outset of the Novartis collaboration agreement. A performance obligation for the clinical and commercial
     supply will be established as quantities of drug product or drug substance are ordered by Novartis.


     The Company determined that the transaction price as of the outset of the arrangement was the upfront
     payment of US$650,000,000. The potential milestone payments that the Company is eligible to receive were
     excluded from the transaction price, as all milestone amounts were fully constrained due to uncertainty
     of achievement. The transaction price was allocated to the two identified performance obligations based
     on a relative fair value basis. The standalone selling price of the license, transfer of know-how and use of
     trademarks performance obligation was determined using the adjusted market assessment approach based
     on the probability-weighted present value of forecasted cash flows associated with out-licensing tislelizumab
     in the Novartis Territory. The standalone selling price of the R&D services was valued using a cost plus margin
     valuation approach based on the present value of estimated tislelizumab clinical trial costs plus a reasonable
     margin. Based on the relative standalone selling prices of the two performance obligations, US$484,646,000
     of the total transaction price was allocated to the license and US$165,354,000 was allocated to the R&D
     services. The estimates of the standalone selling prices involved management’s key assumptions such
     as revenue growth rate, estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory
     success, and discount rates. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by
     future economic, regulatory and market conditions.


     The Company satisfied the license performance obligation at a point in time when the license was delivered
     and the transfer of know-how completed which occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. As such,
     the Company recognized the entire amount of the transaction price allocated to the license as collaboration
     revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the R&D
     services was deferred and is being recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D services are performed
     using a percentage-of-completion method. Estimated costs to complete are reassessed on a periodic basis
     and any updates to the revenue earned are recognized on a prospective basis. The Company recognized R&D
     service revenue of US$53,421,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          311
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement

      In December 2021, the Company expanded its collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option,
      collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Company’s
      investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, the Company and Novartis
      entered into an agreement granting the Company rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
      oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR®
      (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets.”


      Under the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, the Company received an upfront
      cash payment of US$300,000,000 in January 2022 from Novartis and will receive an additional payment of
      US$600,000,000 or US$700,000,000 in the event Novartis exercises its exclusive time-based option prior to
      mid-2023 or between then and late-2023, respectively. Following option exercise, the Company is eligible to
      receive up to US$745,000,000 upon the achievement of regulatory approval milestones, US$1,150,000,000
      upon the achievement of sales milestones, and royalties on future sales of ociperlimab in the Novartis
      Territory. Subject to the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, during the option period,
      Novartis has agreed to initiate and fund additional global clinical trials with ociperlimab and the Company has
      agreed to expand enrollment in two ongoing trials. Following the option exercise, Novartis has agreed to share
      development costs of global trials. Following approval, the Company has agreed to provide 50 percent of the
      co-detailing and co-field medical efforts in the United States, and has an option to co-detail up to 25 percent
      in Canada and Mexico, funded in part by Novartis. Each party retains the worldwide right to commercialize
      its propriety products in combination with ociperlimab, as is the case with tislelizumab under the tislelizumab
      collaboration and license agreement. The existing tislelizumab collaboration and license agreement was not
      modified as a result of the ociperlimab option, collaboration and license agreement.


      The Company evaluated the Novartis agreements under ASC 606 as the units of account within the agreement
      represented transactions with a customer. The Company identified the following material promises under the
      agreement: (1) exclusive option for Novartis to license the rights develop, manufacture, and commercialize
      ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory; (2) Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during
      the option period; (3) initial transfer of BeiGene know-how; and (4) conducting and completing ongoing trials
      of ociperlimab during the option period (R&D Services). The market development activities are considered
      immaterial in the context of the contracts.




312    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
     Agreement (Continued)

     The Company concluded that, at the inception of the agreement, the option for the exclusive product license
     constitutes a material right as it represents a significant and incremental discount to the fair value of the
     exclusive product license that Novartis would not have received without entering into the agreement and
     is therefore considered a distinct performance obligation. The Company determined that Novartis’ right
     to access ociperlimab in its own trials over the option period and the initial transfer of know-how were not
     distinct from each other, as the right to access ociperlimab has limited value without the corresponding know-
     how transfer, and therefore should be combined into one distinct performance obligation. The R&D Services
     represent a material promise and were determined to be a separate performance obligation at the outset of
     the agreement as the promise is distinct and has standalone value to Novartis.


     The Company determined the transaction price as of the outset of the arrangement was the upfront payment
     of US$300,000,000. The option exercise fee is contingent upon Novartis exercising its right and is considered
     fully constrained until the option is exercised. Additionally, the milestone and royalty payments are not
     applicable until after the option is exercised, at which point the likelihood of meeting milestones, regulatory
     approval and meeting certain sales thresholds will be assessed. The transaction price was allocated to the
     three identified performance obligations based on a relative fair value basis. The standalone selling price of
     the material right for the option to the exclusive product license was calculated as the incremental discount
     between (i) the value of the license determined using a discounted cash flow method adjusted for probability
     of the option being exercised and (ii) the expected option exercise fee using the most-likely-amount method
     at option exercise. The standalone selling price of the combined performance obligation for Novartis’ right to
     access ociperlimab for its own clinical trials during the option period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-
     how was determined using a discounted cash flow method. The standalone selling price of the R&D Services
     was determined using an expected cost plus margin approach. Based on the relative standalone selling
     prices of the three performance obligations, US$71,980,000 of the total transaction price was allocated to
     the material right, US$213,450,000 was allocated to Novartis’ right to use ociperlimab in its own clinical trials
     during the option period and the transfer of BeiGene know-how, and US$14,570,000 was allocated to the
     R&D Services.


     The Company will satisfy the material right performance obligation at a point in time at the earlier of when
     Novartis exercises the option and the license is delivered or the expiration of the option period. As such,
     the entire amount of the transaction price allocated to the material right was deferred. The portion of the
     transaction price allocated to Novartis’ right to access ociperlimab in its own clinical trials during the option
     period and the initial transfer of BeiGene know-how was deferred and is being recognized over the expected
     option period. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the R&D Services was deferred and is being
     recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D Services are performed over the expected option period. The
     Company recognized collaboration revenue of US$3,979,000 related to Novartis right to access ociperlimab
     in clinical trials and the transfer of know how performance obligation and R&D service revenue of US$250,000
     during the year ended December 31, 2021.

                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          313
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Celgene Corporation, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (BMS)

      On July 5, 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement with Celgene Corporation, now a BMS
      company, pursuant to which the Company granted to the BMS parties an exclusive right to develop and
      commercialize the Company’s investigational PD-1 inhibitor, tislelizumab, in all fields of treatment, other than
      hematology, in the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of world other than Asia (the “PD-1 License
      Agreement”). In connection with the closing of the transactions on August 31, 2017, the Company and BMS
      amended and restated the PD-1 License Agreement (the “A&R PD-1 License Agreement”) to, among other
      things, clarify the parties’ responsibilities relating to the conducting and funding of certain global registration
      clinical trials and clarify the scope of the regulatory materials transferred by BeiGene to BMS. The Company
      entered into a mutual agreement with BMS to terminate the A&R PD-1 License Agreement effective June 14,
      2019 in advance of the acquisition of Celgene by BMS.


      Under the terms of the A&R PD-1 License Agreement, BMS paid the Company US$263,000,000 in upfront
      non-refundable fees, of which US$92,050,000 was paid in the third quarter of 2017 and the remaining
      US$170,950,000 was paid in December 2017. The Company allocated US$13,000,000 of upfront fees
      to the fair value of assets related to the Company’s acquisition of Celgene Shanghai, a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of China, which was completed
      contemporaneously with the A&R PD-1 License Agreement. The Company was also eligible to receive product
      development and commercial milestone payments based on the successful achievement of development and
      regulatory and commercialization goals, respectively, and potential royalty payments.


      In addition to the exclusive right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab, the terms of the A&R PD-1
      License Agreement provided BMS with the right to collaborate with the Company on the development of
      tislelizumab for specified indications, including required participation on a joint development committee
      and a joint steering committee as well as a joint commercialization committee upon achievement of
      commercialization. BMS reimbursed the Company for certain research and development costs at a cost plus
      agreed upon markup for the development of tislelizumab related to the clinical trials that BMS opted into, as
      outlined in the development plan.




314    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Celgene Corporation, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (BMS) (Continued)

     Under ASC 606, the Company identified the following deliverables of the collaboration agreement as distinct
     performance obligations: (a) the license provided to BMS for the exclusive right to develop and commercialize
     tislelizumab, in all fields of treatment, other than hematology, in the United States, Europe, Japan and the
     rest of world other than Asia (the “License”); and (b) the research and development services provided to
     BMS to develop tislelizumab within specified indications (R&D services). For each deliverable, the Company
     determined the stand-alone selling price and allocated the non-constrained consideration of US$250,000,000
     to the units of accounting using the relative selling price method. The consideration allocated to the License
     was recognized upon transfer of the License to BMS at contract inception and the consideration allocated to
     the R&D services was deferred and recognized over the term of the respective clinical studies for the specified
     indications. The payments associated with the defined developmental, regulatory, and commercialization
     goals were considered variable consideration and were fully constrained at contract inception through the
     date of termination.


     In connection with the termination in June 2019, the Company regained full global rights to tislelizumab
     and received a US$150,000,000 payment from BMS. The payment was recognized as other collaboration
     revenue upon termination as the Company had no further performance obligations under the collaboration.
     Upon termination, the Company also recognized the remainder of the deferred revenue balance related to the
     upfront consideration allocated to research and development services at the time of the original collaboration.
     The Company’s license from BMS to distribute the approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and
     VIDAZA® in China was not affected by the termination of the tislelizumab collaboration. On March 25, 2020,
     the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE® in China supplied to us by BMS, and
     the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS and is not currently available for sale in China. This suspension
     was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. Additionally,
     in October 2021, BMS provided 180-days’ notice to us, which we dispute, purporting to terminate our license
     to market ABRAXANE® in China. We have not had any sales of ABRAXANE® since the suspension and do not
     expect future revenue from ABRAXANE®. We have initiated an arbitration proceeding against BMS asserting
     that it has breached and continues to breach the terms and conditions of the license and supply agreement.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT         315
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial


      Amgen

      In October 2019, the Company entered into a global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen (the “Amgen
      Collaboration Agreement”) for the commercialization and development in China, excluding Hong Kong,
      Taiwan and Macau, of Amgen’s XGEVA®, KYPROLIS®, and BLINCYTO®, and the joint global development
      of a portfolio of oncology assets in Amgen’s pipeline, with BeiGene responsible for development and
      commercialization in China. The agreement became effective on January 2, 2020, following approval by the
      Company’s shareholders and satisfaction of other closing conditions.


      Under the agreement, the Company is responsible for the commercialization of XGEVA®, KYPROLIS® and
      BLINCYTO® in China for five or seven years. Amgen is responsible for manufacturing the products globally
      and will supply the products to the Company at an agreed upon price. The Company and Amgen will share
      equally in the China commercial profits and losses during the commercialization period. Following the
      commercialization period, the Company has the right to retain one product and is entitled to receive royalties
      on sales in China for an additional five years on the products not retained. XGEVA® was approved in China
      in 2019 for patients with giant cell tumor of the bone and in November 2020 for the prevention of skeletal-
      related events in cancer patients with bone metastases. In July 2020, the Company began commercializing
      XGEVA® in China. In December 2020, BLINCYTO® was approved in China for injection for the treatment of
      adult patients with relapsed or refractory (R/R) B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). In July
      2021, KYPROLIS® was conditionally approved in China for injection in combination with dexamethasone for
      the treatment of adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma.


      Amgen and the Company are also jointly developing a portfolio of Amgen oncology pipeline assets under
      the collaboration. The Company is responsible for conducting clinical development activities in China and
      co-funding global development costs by contributing cash and development services up to a total cap of
      US$1,250,000,000. Amgen is responsible for all development, regulatory and commercial activities outside of
      China. For each pipeline asset that is approved in China, the Company will receive commercial rights for seven
      years from approval. The Company has the right to retain approximately one out of every three approved
      pipeline assets, other than LUMAKRAS® (sotorasib), Amgen’s KRAS G12C inhibitor, for commercialization
      in China. The Company and Amgen will share equally in the China commercial profits and losses during the
      commercialization period. The Company is entitled to receive royalties from sales in China for pipeline assets
      returned to Amgen for five years after the seven-year commercialization period. The Company is also entitled
      to receive royalties from global sales of each product outside of China (with the exception of LUMAKRAS®).




316    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     The Amgen Collaboration Agreement is within the scope of ASC 808, as both parties are active participants
     and are exposed to the risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities performed
     under the agreement. The Company is the principal for product sales to customers in China during the
     commercialization period and will recognize 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to
     Amgen for its portion of net product sales will be recorded as cost of sales. Cost reimbursements due to
     or from Amgen under the profit share will be recognized as incurred and recorded to cost of sales; selling,
     general and administrative expense; or research and development expense, based on the underlying nature
     of the related activity subject to reimbursement. Costs incurred for the Company’s portion of the global co-
     development funding are recorded to research and development expense as incurred.


     In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement (“Amgen SPA”) was
     entered into by the parties on October 31, 2019. On January 2, 2020, the closing date of the transaction,
     Amgen purchased 15,895,001 of the Company’s ADSs for US$174.85 per ADS, representing a 20.5%
     ownership stake in the Company. Per the Amgen SPA, the cash proceeds shall be used as necessary to fund
     the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Amgen
     SPA, Amgen also received the right to designate one member of the Company’s board of directors, and
     Anthony C. Hooper joined the Company’s board of directors as the Amgen designee in January 2020.


     In determining the fair value of the common stock at closing, the Company considered the closing price
     of the common stock on the closing date of the transaction and included a lack of marketability discount
     because the shares are subject to certain restrictions. The fair value of the shares on the closing date was
     determined to be US$132.74 per ADS, or US$2,109,902,000 in the aggregate. The Company determined that
     the premium paid by Amgen on the share purchase represents a cost share liability due to the Company’s
     co-development obligations. The fair value of the cost share liability on the closing date was determined
     to be US$601,857,000 based on the Company’s discounted estimated future cash flows related to the
     pipeline assets. The estimation of future cash flows involved management assumptions of revenue growth
     rates and probability of technical and regulatory success of the pipeline assets. The total cash proceeds of
     US$2,779,241,000 were allocated based on the relative fair value method, with US$2,162,407,000 recorded
     to equity and US$616,834,000 recorded as a research and development cost share liability. The cost share
     liability is being amortized proportionately as the Company contributes cash and development services to its
     total co-development funding cap.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT         317
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      Amounts recorded related to the cash proceeds received from the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
      December 31, 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                                    Year Ended
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                           2020
                                                                                                       US$’000


      Fair value of equity issued to Amgen                                                            2,162,407
      Fair value of research and development cost share liability                                       616,834


      Total cash proceeds                                                                             2,779,241


      Amounts recorded related to the Company’s portion of the co-development funding on the pipeline assets for
      the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development expense                                                 115,464          117,005
      Amortization of research and development cost share liability                    112,486          113,986


      Total amount due to Amgen for BeiGene’s portion of
        the development funding                                                        227,950          230,991




318    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

                                                                                                           As of
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                           2021
                                                                                                      US$’000


     Remaining portion of development funding cap                                                      791,059


     As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the research and development cost share liability recorded in the
     Company’s balance sheet was as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000         US$’000


     Research and development cost share liability, current portion                   120,801          127,808
     Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion               269,561          375,040


     Total research and development cost share liability                              390,362          502,848


     The net reimbursement due under the commercial profit-sharing agreement for in-line product sales is
     classified in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 as
     follows:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000         US$’000


     Cost of sales – product                                                            1,893           (1,210)
     Selling, general and administrative                                               (45,152)         (9,750)
     Research and development                                                             423              (660)


     Total                                                                             (42,836)        (11,620)




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         319
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      The Company purchases commercial inventory from Amgen to distribute in China. Total inventory purchases
      amounted to US$110,303,000 and US$38,392,000, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021
      and 2020. Net amounts payable to Amgen as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were US$106,790,000 and
      US$122,828,000, respectively.


      As of December 31, 2021, Amgen is a substantial shareholder holding approximately 18.5% of the issued
      share capital of the Company and, therefore, a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
      HK Listing Rules and a related party of the Company. As a result, the transactions contemplated under the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter
      14A of the HK Listing Rules.


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development


      The Company has in-licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and, if approved, commercialize multiple
      development stage drug candidates globally or in specific territories. These arrangements typically include
      non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory and
      commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing arrangements, royalty payments, and profit
      sharing.


      Upfront and milestone payments made under these arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2021
      and 2020 are set forth below. All upfront and development milestones were expensed to research and
      development expense. All regulatory and commercial milestones were capitalized as intangible assets and
      are being amortized over the remainder of the respective product patent or the term of the commercialization
      agreements.


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
      Payments due to                                                                      2021              2020
      collaboration partners              Classification                                US$’000          US$’000


      Upfront payments                    Research and development expense               83,500           109,500
      Development milestone payments      Research and development expense               15,000            15,800
      Regulatory and commercial           Intangible asset
        milestone payments                                                               43,394                 –


      Total                                                                             141,894           125,300




320    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Our significant license agreements are described below:


     Shoreline Biosciences, Inc.

     In June 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide strategic collaboration with Shoreline
     Biosciences, Inc. (Shoreline) to develop and commercialize a portfolio of natural killer (NK)-based cell
     therapeutics with Shoreline’s induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) NK cell technology and the Company’s
     research and clinical development capabilities for different malignancies. Under the collaboration, the
     Company and Shoreline are working jointly to develop cell therapies for four designated therapeutic targets,
     with an option to expand the collaboration at a future date. Clinical development is being led by the Company
     globally, with Shoreline responsible for clinical manufacturing. The Company has commercial rights globally,
     with Shoreline having an option to retain commercialization rights in the United States and Canada for two
     targets. Under the terms of the agreement, Shoreline received a US$45,000,000 upfront payment in January
     2022 and is eligible to receive additional R&D funding, milestone payments and royalties based upon the
     achievement of certain development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. The upfront payment was
     expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance
     with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.


     Nanjing Leads Biolabs, Inc.

     In December 2021, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Nanjing Leads
     Biolabs, Inc. (Leads Biolabs) for worldwide research, development and manufacturing rights and exclusive
     commercialization rights outside of China to LBL-007, a novel investigational antibody targeting the LAG-3
     pathway. Under the terms of the agreement, Leads Biolabs received an upfront payment of US$30,000,000
     in January 2022 and is eligible to receive up to US$742,000,000 in clinical development, regulatory approval
     and sales milestones. Leads Biolabs is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on future sales in the licensed
     territory. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended
     December 31, 2021 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development
     expense policy.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          321
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      EUSA Pharma

      In January 2020, the Company entered into an exclusive development and commercialization agreement with
      EUSA Pharma (EUSA) for the orphan biologic products SYLVANT® (siltuximab) and QARZIBA® (dinutuximab
      beta) in China. Under the terms of the agreement, EUSA granted the Company exclusive rights to SYLVANT®
      in greater China and to QARZIBA® in mainland China. Under the agreement, the Company is funding and
      undertaking all clinical development and regulatory submissions in the territories, and commercializing both
      products once approved. EUSA received a US$40,000,000 upfront payment upon contract execution and is
      eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up to
      a total of US$120,000,000. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during
      the year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and
      development expense policy. In 2021, QARZIBA® and SYLVANT® were approved and launched in mainland
      China and greater China, respectively. The approvals triggered regulatory milestone payments that were
      capitalized as intangible assets and are being amortized over the remaining term of the license agreement.
      EUSA is receiving tiered royalties on SYLVANT® product sales, which the Company records as cost of sales in
      the period the respective sales are generated.


      Assembly Biosciences, Inc.

      In July 2020, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement with Assembly Biosciences, Inc. (Assembly)
      for Assembly’s portfolio of three clinical-stage core inhibitor candidates for the treatment of patients with
      chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in China. Under the terms of the agreement, Assembly granted
      BeiGene exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ABI-H0731, ABI-H2158 and ABI-H3733 in China,
      including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. BeiGene is responsible for development, regulatory submissions,
      and commercialization in China. Assembly retains full worldwide rights outside of the partnered territory for its
      HBV portfolio. Assembly received an upfront payment of US$40,000,000 and is eligible to receive payments
      upon achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of US$503,750,000.
      Assembly is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales. The upfront payment was expensed to
      research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 in accordance with the
      Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.




322    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd.

     In August 2020, the Company entered into a license, distribution and supply agreement with Bio-Thera
     Solutions, Ltd. (Bio-Thera) for Bio-Thera’s POBEVCY® (BAT1706), a biosimilar to Avastin® (bevacizumab) in
     China. The agreement became effective on September 10, 2020 upon approval of Bio-Thera’s shareholders,
     and was subsequently assigned by the Company to its affiliate BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (BeiGene
     Guangzhou) on September 18, 2020, as permitted by the agreement. Under the terms of the agreement,
     Bio-Thera agreed to grant BeiGene the right to develop, manufacture, and commercialize POBEVCY® in
     China, including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Bio-Thera retained rights outside of the partnered territory.
     Bio-Thera received an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 in October 2020 and is eligible to receive payments
     upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of US$145,000,000. The upfront
     payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 in
     accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy. In November
     2021, POBEVCY® obtained regulatory approval, and was subsequently launched, in China, triggering a
     milestone payment that was capitalized as an intangible asset that is being amortized over the remaining term
     of the license agreement. Bio-Thera is also receiving tiered royalties on product sales, which the Company
     records as cost of sales in the period the respective sales are generated.


     Seagen, Inc.

     In November 2019, the Company entered into a license agreement with Seagen, Inc. (formerly known as
     “Seattle Genetics, Inc.”) for an advanced pre-clinical product candidate for treating cancer. The agent utilizes
     a proprietary Seagen antibody-based technology. Under the terms of the agreement, Seagen retained rights
     to the product candidate in the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin American countries), Europe and
     Japan. The Company was granted exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the product candidate in
     Asia (except Japan) and the rest of the world. Seagen will lead global development and BeiGene will fund and
     operationalize the portion of global clinical trials attributable to its territories. BeiGene will also be responsible
     for all clinical development and regulatory submissions specific to its territories. Seagen received an upfront
     payment of US$20,000,000 and is eligible to receive progress-dependent milestones and tiered royalties
     on any product sales. Seagen is a related party due to a common shareholder, and that shareholder has
     different representatives serving on each companies’ respective board of directors. The upfront payment was
     expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2019 in accordance
     with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           323
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Zymeworks Inc.

      In November 2018, the Company and Zymeworks entered into collaboration and license agreements whereby
      the Company acquired licenses to develop and commercialize Zymeworks’ clinical-stage HER2-targeted
      bispecific antibody candidate ZW25 (zanidatamab) and its preclinical-stage bispecific antibody drug conjugate
      (ADC) ZW49 in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. In addition, Zymeworks granted BeiGene
      a license to Zymeworks’ proprietary Azymetric™ and EFECT™ platforms to develop and commercialize
      globally up to three other bispecific antibodies using the platforms.


      Under the collaboration agreements, BeiGene will be responsible for all clinical development and regulatory
      submissions in the licensed territories. BeiGene and Zymeworks have also agreed to collaborate on global
      development of zanidatamab and ZW49 in HER2-expressing solid tumors, including gastric and breast
      cancer, with BeiGene enrolling patients and contributing clinical trial data from the licensed territories.
      Zymeworks retains full rights to both zanidatamab and ZW49 outside of the specified countries and will
      continue to lead global development of these drug candidates.


      Under the terms of the license and collaboration agreements for ZW49 and zanidatamab, Zymeworks received
      total upfront payments of US$40,000,000 and is eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement
      of development and commercial milestones for both product candidates. In addition, Zymeworks will be
      eligible to receive tiered royalties on future sales of zanidatamab and ZW49 in the licensed territory.


      Under the terms of the research and license agreement for the Azymetric™ and EFECT™ platforms,
      Zymeworks received an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 and is eligible to receive additional payments
      upon the achievement of development and commercial milestones for up to three bispecific product
      candidates developed under the agreement. In addition, Zymeworks will be eligible to receive tiered royalties
      on future global sales of bispecific products developed by BeiGene under the agreement.


      The upfront payments were expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December
      31, 2018, in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.
      The Company recognized development milestone payments related to the development of zanidatamab
      during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 within research and development expense.




324    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Other

     In addition to the collaborations discussed above, the Company has entered into additional collaborative
     arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company may be required to
     pay additional amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones under
     these agreements. The Company may also incur significant research and development costs if the related
     product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition, if any products related to
     these collaborations are approved for sale, the Company may be required to pay significant milestones
     upon approval and milestones and/or royalties on future sales. The payment of these amounts, however,
     is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty of
     occurrence.


4.   RESTRICTED CASH


     The Company’s restricted cash balance of US$7,209,000 and US$8,055,000 as of December 31, 2021 and
     2020, respectively, primarily consist of RMB-denominated cash deposits held in designated bank accounts
     for collateral for letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current based on
     term of restriction.


5.   INVESTMENTS


     Short-Term Investments


     Short-term investments as of December 31, 2021 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                          Gross                Gross       Fair Value
                                                   Amortized         Unrealized            Unrealized   (Net Carrying
                                                         Cost             Gains               Losses        Amount)
                                                     US$’000           US$’000               US$’000        US$’000


     U.S. treasury securities                       2,245,662                   –              3,700       2,241,962


     Total                                          2,245,662                   –              3,700       2,241,962




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •       2021    ANNUAL REPORT        325
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.    INVESTMENTS (Continued)


      Short-Term Investments (Continued)


      Short-term investments as of December 31, 2020 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                          Gross             Gross         Fair Value
                                                    Amortized         Unrealized       Unrealized     (Net Carrying
                                                          Cost            Gains            Losses          Amount)
                                                      US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000


      U.S. treasury securities                       3,267,875               850                 –        3,268,725


      Total                                          3,267,875               850                 –        3,268,725


      The Company does not consider the investments in U.S. treasury securities to be other-than-temporarily
      impaired at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s available-for-sale debt securities
      consisted entirely of short-term U.S. treasury securities, which were determined to have zero risk of expected
      credit loss. Accordingly, no allowance for credit loss was recorded as of December 31, 2021.


      Equity Securities with Readily Determinable Fair Values


      Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (Leap)

      In January 2020, the Company purchased US$5,000,000 of Series B mandatorily convertible, non-voting
      preferred stock of Leap in connection with a strategic collaboration and license agreement the Company
      entered into with Leap. The Series B shares were subsequently converted into shares of Leap common stock
      and warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock upon approval of Leap’s shareholders in March
      2020. In September 2021, the Company purchased US$7,250,000 of common stock in Leap’s underwritten
      public offering. As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s ownership interest in the outstanding common
      stock of Leap was 8.3% based on information from Leap. Inclusive of the shares of common stock issuable
      upon the exercise of the currently exercisable warrants, the Company’s interest is approximately 13.1%. The
      Company measures the investment in the common stock and warrants at fair value, with changes in fair value
      recorded to other income, net. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded
      an unrealized gain of US$9,386,000 and US$12,479,000, respectively, in the consolidated statement of
      operations.




326    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.   INVESTMENTS (Continued)


     Equity Securities with Readily Determinable Fair Values (Continued)


     Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (Leap) (Continued)

     As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the common stock and warrants was as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


     Fair value of Leap common stock                                                      23,809            10,810
     Fair value of Leap warrants                                                          10,306             6,669


     Private Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Values


     The Company invests in equity securities of certain companies whose securities are not publicly traded and
     fair value is not readily determinable and where the Company has concluded it does not have significant
     influence based on its ownership percentage and other factors. These investments are recorded at cost minus
     impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for
     the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The Company held investments of US$43,722,000
     and US$9,705,000 in equity securities without readily determinable fair values as of December 31, 2021 and
     2020, respectively. There were no adjustments to the carrying values of these securities for the year ended
     December 31, 2021 and 2020.


     Equity-Method Investments


     MapKure

     In June 2019, the Company announced the formation of MapKure, an entity jointly owned by the Company
     and SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (SpringWorks). The Company out-licensed to MapKure the Company’s
     product candidate BGB-3245, an investigational oral, selective small molecule inhibitor of monomer and
     dimer forms of activating B-RAF mutations including V600 BRAF mutations, non-V600 B-RAF mutations, and
     RAF fusions. The Company received 10,000,000 Series A preferred units of MapKure, or a 71.4% ownership
     interest in exchange for its contribution of the intellectual property. SpringWorks purchased 3,500,000 Series
     A preferred units, or a 25% ownership interest, and other investors purchased 250,000 Series A preferred
     units or 1.8% ownership each. Following the initial closing, the Company consolidated its interests in
     MapKure under the voting model due to its controlling financial interest.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         327
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.    INVESTMENTS (Continued)


      Equity-Method Investments (Continued)


      MapKure (Continued)

      In June 2020, MapKure held a second closing under the existing terms of the share purchase agreement in
      which it issued additional Series A preferred units to SpringWorks and the other investors that purchased
      units in the first closing (the “Second Closing”), and the Company’s ownership interest decreased to 55.6%.
      As the requisite Series A voting requirements in MapKure’s governing documents require 70% combined
      voting power for certain actions, the Company determined that it lost its controlling financial interest after the
      Second Closing. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated MapKure and recognized a gain of US$11,307,000
      for the excess of the fair value of its 55.6% ownership interest in MapKure and carrying amount of the prior
      non-controlling interest over the carrying amount of MapKure’s net assets within other income during the year
      ended December 31, 2020.


      Upon deconsolidation, the Company recorded an equity investment of US$10,000,000, which represents
      the estimated fair value of its 55.6% ownership interest in MapKure. Effective June 8, 2020, the Company is
      accounting for the investment as an equity-method investment and records its portion of MapKure’s earnings
      or losses within other income, net. The Company recognized losses of US$1,176,000 and US$491,000 for
      the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the carrying
      amount of the Company’s investment in MapKure was US$8,333,000 and US$9,509,000, respectively.


      Guangzhou GET Phase I Biomedical Industry Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)


      In July 2020, BeiGene (Guangzhou) invested US$11,782,000 (RMB80,000,000) in an existing investment fund,
      Guangzhou GET Phase I Biomedical Industry Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“GET Bio-
      fund”). The stated purpose of GET Bio-fund is to promote and upgrade the local industrial transformation in
      Guangzhou and it is committed to invest at least 60% of the total fund in the biotechnology, medical device,
      and medical information industries.


      GET Bio-fund has six limited partners and one general partner, Guangzhou GET Biomedical Industry
      Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (GET Bio-fund Management). GET Bio-fund has an agreed duration
      for seven years, with the first five years as the investment period and the following two years as the projected
      payback period. The agreed upon duration may be extended for two additional years with the approval of
      all of the partners. As of December 31, 2021, BeiGene Guangzhou, as a limited partner, holds an ownership
      interest in the fund of 19.3%. The investment committee for the fund has seven members, and requires
      resolutions to be approved by at least five of the seven members. BeiGene Guangzhou holds one position on
      the investment committee and GET Bio-fund Management holds three positions. The Company determined
      that it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the fund due to the Company’s ownership interest
      and involvement on the investment committee, and the investment represents an equity method investment.
      The Company recognized losses of US$145,000 and US$68,000 for its portion of the fund’s net loss for the
      years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the carrying
      amount of the Company’s investment in the fund was US$12,333,000 and US$12,189,000, respectively.



328    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.   INVESTMENTS (Continued)


     Other Equity-Method Investment


     In addition to the equity-method investments mentioned above, the Company made an additional equity-
     method investment during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that it does not consider to be
     individually significant to its financial statements. The Company recognized the equity-method investment at
     cost and subsequently adjusted the basis based on the Company’s share of the results of operations. The
     Company records its share of the investee’s results of operations within other income, net.


6.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                                          US$’000        US$’000


     Accounts receivable                                                                  483,528         60,515
     Impairment                                                                                (415)          (112)


     Total                                                                                483,113         60,403


     The Company’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit periods generally
     range from 45 to 90 days. The Company seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
     and overdue balances are regularly reviewed. The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit
     enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivable are non-interest-bearing.


     An aging analysis of the accounts receivable, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                                          US$’000        US$’000


     Within 3 months                                                                      483,058         60,403
     3 months to 6 months                                                                        55              –


     Total                                                                                483,113         60,403




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT        329
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET (Continued)


      Changes in the allowance for credit losses related to trade accounts receivable consist of the following:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                        112                   –
      Provision charged to selling, general and administrative expenses                         309                109
      Exchange rate changes                                                                       (6)                3


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                         415                112


7.    INVENTORIES


      The Company’s inventory balance consisted of the following:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Raw materials                                                                          78,140           19,330
      Work in process                                                                         9,397               1,378
      Finished goods                                                                       155,089            68,585


      Total inventories                                                                    242,626            89,293




330    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.   MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU, CHINA


     Manufacturing legal entity structure


     BeiGene Shanghai, originally established as a wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.
     (BeiGene HK), and currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics, as described below, provides
     clinical development services for BeiGene affiliates and is the clinical trial authorization (CTA) holder and
     marketing authorization application (MAA) holder for tislelizumab in China.


     In March 2017, BeiGene HK, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Guangzhou GET Technology
     Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.) (GET), entered
     into a definitive agreement to establish a commercial scale biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou,
     Guangdong Province, PRC. BeiGene HK and GET entered into an Equity Joint Venture Contract (the “JV
     Agreement”).


     Under the terms of the JV Agreement, BeiGene HK made an initial cash capital contribution of
     RMB200,000,000 and a subsequent contribution of one or more biologics assets in exchange for a 95%
     equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. GET made a cash capital contribution of RMB100,000,000 to BeiGene
     Biologics, representing a 5% equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. In addition, on March 7, 2017, BeiGene
     Biologics entered into a contract with GET, under which GET agreed to provide a RMB900,000,000 loan
     (the “Shareholder Loan”) to BeiGene Biologics. In September 2019, BeiGene Biologics completed the first
     phase of construction of a biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, through a wholly owned subsidiary,
     the BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (BeiGene Guangzhou Factory), to manufacture
     biologics for the Company and its subsidiaries.


     BeiGene HK and BeiGene Biologics subsequently entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement to transfer 100%
     of the equity interest of BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Biologics, as required by the JV agreement, such that
     the CTA holder and MAA holder for tislelizumab in China was controlled by BeiGene Biologics. Upon the
     transfer of equity in BeiGene Shanghai, BeiGene HK’s equity interest in BeiGene Shanghai became 95%.


     In September 2020, BeiGene HK entered into a share purchase agreement (JV Share Purchase Agreement)
     with GET to acquire GET’s 5% equity interest in BeiGene Biologics for a total purchase price of
     US$28,723,000 (RMB195,262,000). The transaction was finalized in November 2020 upon completion of the
     business registration filing. The share purchase was recorded as an equity transaction. The carrying amount
     of the noncontrolling interest balance of US$9,116,000 was adjusted to nil to reflect the increase in BeiGene
     HK’s ownership interest to 100%, and the difference in the fair value of the consideration paid and the
     carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest of US$19,599,000 was recorded to additional paid in capital.
     In connection with the JV Share Purchase Agreement, BeiGene Biologics repaid the outstanding principal
     of the Shareholder Loan of US$132,061,000 (RMB900,000,000) and accrued interest of US$36,558,000
     (RMB249,140,000).




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT      331
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.    MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU, CHINA (Continued)


      Manufacturing legal entity structure (Continued)


      In connection with the JV share purchase, the Company entered into a loan agreement with China Minsheng
      Bank for a total loan facility of up to US$200,000,000 (Senior Loan), of which US$120,000,000 was used to
      fund the JV share repurchase and repayment of the shareholder loan and US$80,000,000 could be used
      for general working capital purposes. The Company may extend the original maturity date for up to two
      additional twelve month periods. In October 2020, the Company drew down US$80,000,000 of the working
      capital facility and US$118,320,000 of the acquisition facility to be used for the JV share repurchase. On
      October 9, 2021, the Company repaid US$198,320,000 and drew down US$200,000,000 from the Senior
      Loan. In addition, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhuhai Hillhouse Zhaohui Equity
      Investment Partnership (Zhuhai Hillhouse) for a total loan facility of US$73,640,000 (RMB500,000,000) (Related
      Party Loan), of which US$14,728,000 (RMB100,000,000) can be used for general corporate purposes and
      US$58,912,000 (RMB400,000,000) can only be applied towards the repayment of the Senior Loan facility,
      including principal, interest and fees. The Company has drawn down US$15,693,000 (RMB100,000,000) of
      the Related Party Loan as of December 31, 2021. See Note 15 for further discussion of the loans.


9.    LEASES


      The Company has operating leases for office and manufacturing facilities in the United States, Switzerland,
      and China. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to five years, some of which include options to
      extend the leases that have not been included in the calculation of the Company’s lease liabilities and ROU
      assets. The Company has land use rights, which represent land acquired for the biologics manufacturing
      facility in Guangzhou, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and office facility in
      Changping, Beijing, and the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and manufacturing
      facility in Suzhou. The land use rights represent lease prepayments and are expensed over the remaining term
      of the rights, which is 50 years for the Guangzhou land use rights, 36 years for the Changping land use right,
      and 30 years for the Suzhou land use right. The Company also has certain leases with terms of 12 months or
      less for certain equipment, office and lab space, which are not recorded on the balance sheet.


      The components of lease expense were as follows:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000


      Operating lease cost                                                                 22,536            18,271
      Variable lease cost                                                                   4,892             2,465
      Short-term lease cost                                                                 1,823             1,018


      Total lease cost                                                                     29,251            21,754




332    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.   LEASES (Continued)


     Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


     Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                 60,762          41,850
     Land use rights, net                                                                56,669          48,731


     Total operating lease right-of-use assets                                          117,431          90,581


     Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                      21,925          13,895
     Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                                    43,041          29,417


     Total lease liabilities                                                             64,966          43,312


     Maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                       US$’000


     Year ending December 31, 2022                                                                       24,225
     Year ending December 31, 2023                                                                       20,072
     Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                       16,103
     Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                           8,272
     Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                           1,546


     Total lease payments                                                                                70,218
     Less imputed interest                                                                               (5,252)


     Present value of lease liabilities                                                                  64,966




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         333
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.    LEASES (Continued)


      Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized below:


                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Operating cash flows used in operating leases                                     19,962           17,571
      ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities               37,454           17,634


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2021             2020


      Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                          3                3
      Weighted-average discount rate                                                    5.15%            6.26%


10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET


      Property, plant and equipment, net are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and consisted of the
      following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


      Land                                                                              65,485                –
      Laboratory equipment                                                             118,203           78,640
      Leasehold improvements                                                            50,288           37,643
      Building                                                                         144,083          111,527
      Manufacturing equipment                                                          119,585           96,669
      Software, electronics and office equipment                                        27,404           20,782


      Property and equipment, at cost                                                  525,048          345,261
      Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                  (124,286)         (73,354)
      Construction in progress                                                         186,843           85,779


      Property, plant and equipment, net                                               587,605          357,686




334    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Continued)


    In November 2021, the Company purchased a 42-acre site located in Hopewell, NJ for US$75,197,000. The
    total purchase price was allocated between the land and an existing building on the property based on their
    relative fair values. The Company plans to construct a biologics manufacturing facility and research and
    development center on the land. Construction had not yet commenced as of December 31, 2021.


    Construction in progress (“CIP”) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 primarily related to the buildout of
    additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities. CIP by fixed asset class are
    summarized as follows:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                              US$’000              US$’000


    Building                                                                                      90,229             48,824
    Manufacturing equipment                                                                       63,361             29,858
    Laboratory equipment                                                                          17,178              4,507
    Other                                                                                         16,075              2,590


    Total                                                                                     186,843                85,779


    Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were US$44,742,000 and
    US$30,943,000, respectively.


11. INTANGIBLE ASSETS


    Intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 are summarized as follows:


                                                   December 31, 2021                          December 31, 2020
                                               Gross                                    Gross
                                             carrying Accumulated       Intangible     carrying Accumulated         Intangible
                                              amount   amortization    assets, net     amount      amortization    assets, net
                                             US$’000      US$’000        US$’000      US$’000         US$’000        US$’000


    Finite-lived intangible assets:
    Product distribution rights                7,500         (3,250)        4,250        7,500           (2,500)        5,000
    Developed products                        43,394          (965)        42,429             –               –             –
    Trading license                              816          (816)             –           816            (816)            –


    Total finite-lived intangible assets      51,710         (5,031)       46,679        8,316          (3,316)         5,000




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT              335
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)


      Product distribution rights consist of distribution rights for the approved cancer therapies licensed from BMS
      as part of the BMS collaboration. The Company is amortizing the product distribution rights, as a single
      identified asset, over a period of 10 years from the date of acquisition. Developed products represent the
      post-approval milestone payments under the license agreement with Merck KGaA that was terminated during
      the year ended December 31, 2018 and the license and commercialization agreements with EUSA Pharma
      and Bio-Thera. The Company is amortizing the developed products over the remainder of the respective
      product patent or the term of the commercialization agreements. Trading license represents the Guangzhou
      drug distribution license acquired in September 2018. The Company amortized the drug distribution trading
      license over the remainder of the initial license term through February 2020. The trading license has been
      renewed through February 2024.


      Amortization expense for developed products is included in cost of sales – product in the accompanying
      consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for product distribution rights and trading
      licenses is included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
      weighted-average life for each finite-lived intangible assets is approximately 13 years. Amortization expense is
      as follows:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2021              2020
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Amortization expense – Cost of sales – product                                            965                 –
      Amortization expense – Operating expense                                                  750               846


      Total                                                                                   1,715               846


      Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years and thereafter, as of December 31,
      2021 is as follows:


                                                                    Cost of Sales        Operating
      Year Ending December 31,                                         – Product         Expenses               Total
                                                                         US$’000           US$’000           US$’000


      2022                                                                  3,314               750             4,064
      2023                                                                  3,314               750             4,064
      2024                                                                  3,314               750             4,064
      2025                                                                  3,314               750             4,064
      2026                                                                  3,314               750             4,064
      2027 and thereafter                                                  25,859               500            26,359


      Total                                                                42,429             4,250            46,679



336    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. INCOME TAXES


   The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2021          2020
                                                                                     US$’000       US$’000


   PRC                                                                               (606,752)     (369,066)
   U.S.                                                                                34,923        33,608
   Other                                                                             (866,759)    (1,282,736)


   Total                                                                            (1,438,588)   (1,618,194)


   The current and deferred components of the income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations are as
   follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2021          2020
                                                                                     US$’000       US$’000


   Current Tax Expense (Benefit):
   PRC                                                                                 15,252        16,121
   U.S.                                                                                     (9)       (5,678)
   Other                                                                                  805             68


   Total                                                                               16,048        10,511


   Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit):
   PRC                                                                                  7,516         (1,152)
   U.S.                                                                                (47,094)      (27,030)
   Other                                                                                (1,704)            –


   Total                                                                               (41,282)      (28,182)


   Income Tax Benefit                                                                  (25,234)      (17,671)




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT      337
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follow:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                              US$’000          US$’000


      Loss before tax                                                                       (1,438,588)       (1,618,194)
      China statutory tax rate                                                                       25%           25%
      Expected taxation at China statutory tax rate                                           (359,647)        (404,549)
      Foreign and preferential tax rate differential                                           185,874          218,473
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                       (2,826)       8,436
      Stock compensation expenses                                                               (27,411)         (22,032)
      Effect of tax rate change                                                                          –        (3,827)
      Change in valuation allowance                                                            210,306          209,085
      Research tax credits and incentives                                                       (31,530)         (23,257)


      Taxation for the year                                                                     (25,234)         (17,671)


      Effective tax rate                                                                            1.8%           1.1%




338    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


    Deferred Tax Assets:
      Accruals and reserves                                                                 84,766           33,512
      Net operating losses carryforward                                                    625,114          358,425
      Stock-based compensation                                                              14,982           13,981
      Research tax credits                                                                  82,060           58,835
      Depreciable and amortizable assets                                                   937,069          724,779
      Lease liability obligation                                                            11,571             9,066


    Gross deferred tax assets                                                            1,755,562        1,198,598
      Less valuation allowance                                                           (1,647,985)      (1,134,585)


    Total deferred tax assets                                                              107,577           64,013


    Deferred tax liabilities:
      Right of use lease asset                                                              (11,322)          (8,843)


    Total deferred tax liabilities                                                          (11,322)          (8,843)


    Net deferred tax asset                                                                  96,255           55,170


    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes that
    as of December 31, 2021, it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be realized for our
    subsidiaries in Australia, Switzerland, the United States, and for certain subsidiaries in China. For the years
    ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were increases in the valuation allowance of US$210,306,000 and
    US$209,085,000, respectively. Adjustments may be required in the future if the Company estimates that the
    amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT         339
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had net operating losses of approximately
      US$3,644,005,000 and US$2,230,857,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, net operating losses
      were primarily comprised of: US$942,541,000 from entities in the PRC which expire in years 2023 through
      2031; US$2,325,359,000 derived from Switzerland which expires in years 2025 through 2028; and,
      US$351,645,000 derived from entities in the United States that have an indefinite carryforward. The Company
      has approximately US$88,632,000 of U.S. research tax credits which will expire between 2035 and 2041, if
      not utilized.


      The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                                             US$’000        US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                        7,123          4,633
      Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                          2,802          2,497
      Reductions based on lapse of statute of limitations                                           –                (7)


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                         9,925          7,123


      Current and prior year additions include an assessment of U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives.
      None of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021 would impact the consolidated income tax
      rate if ultimately recognized due to valuation allowances. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of
      existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months.


      The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of
      income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company’s accrued interest and
      penalties, where applicable, related to uncertain tax positions were not material.


      The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
      tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2021, Australia tax matters are open to
      examination for the years 2013 through 2021, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2011
      through 2021, Switzerland tax matters are open to examination for the years 2018 through 2021, and U.S.
      federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2015 through 2021. Various U.S. states and other non-
      US tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination for 2011 through 2021.




340     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    The Company qualifies for the Technology Advanced Service Enterprises (TASE) and High and New
    Technology Enterprise (HNTE) status for certain subsidiaries in China, which expire at the end of 2022.
    The income tax benefits attributable to this status for the year ended December 31, 2021 is approximately
    US$2,863,000, or less than US$0.01 per share outstanding.


    During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company completed intra-group transfers of
    certain intangible assets in anticipation of potential commercialization, which resulted in the establishment of
    deferred tax assets that were fully offset by valuation allowances.


    As of December 31, 2021, the Company asserts indefinite reinvestment on the excess of the financial
    reporting bases over tax bases in the Company’s investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent reversal
    would incur a significant tax liability. A deferred tax liability has not been established for the approximately
    US$1,844,000 of cumulative undistributed foreign earnings. Determination of the unrecognized deferred tax
    liability is not practicable due to the uncertainty and overall complexity of the hypothetical calculation.


13. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION


    Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                                2021                2020
                                                                                            US$’000           US$’000


    Prepaid research and development costs                                                    87,239               71,341
    Prepaid taxes                                                                             58,579               30,392
    Other receivables                                                                         12,010               12,651
    Interest receivable                                                                        5,052                6,619
    Prepaid insurance                                                                          1,695                1,347
    Prepaid manufacturing cost                                                                78,538               25,996
    Other current assets                                                                      27,060               11,666


    Total                                                                                   270,173               160,012




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT             341
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


      Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                 US$’000            US$’000


      Goodwill                                                                                         109               109
      Prepayment of property and equipment                                                         14,140             16,984
      Payment of facility capacity expansion activities (1)                                        24,237             29,778
      Prepaid VAT                                                                                  17,162             10,913
      Rental deposits and other                                                                      6,609             5,962
      Long-term investments                                                                       100,792             49,344


      Total                                                                                       163,049            113,090


      (1)     Represents payments for facility expansion under commercial supply agreements. The payments are providing future
              benefit to the Company through credits on commercial supply purchases.


      Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:


                                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                 US$’000            US$’000


      Compensation related                                                                        139,966            106,765
      External research and development activities related                                        213,922            143,302
      Commercial activities                                                                        71,560             66,131
      Individual income tax and other taxes                                                        45,661             14,373
      Sales rebates and returns related                                                            59,639             11,874
      Other                                                                                        27,307              3,699


      Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                   558,055            346,144




342     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


   Other long-term liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


   Deferred government grant income                                                    46,352          49,139
   Pension liability                                                                    7,814              8,113
   Other                                                                                   68               177


   Total other long-term liabilities                                                   54,234          57,429


14. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE


   An aging analysis of the accounts payable as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, based on the
   invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


   Within 3 months                                                                    257,977         230,638
   3 to 6 months                                                                        3,210               312
   6 months to 1 year                                                                   1,110               147
   Over 1 year                                                                            103               860


   Total                                                                              262,400         231,957


   The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
   demand.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         343
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. DEBT


      The following table summarizes the Company’s short-term and long-term debt obligations as of December
      31, 2021 and 2020:


                                     Agreement                     Line of            Maturity          Interest                  As of December 31,
      Lender                         Date                          Credit     Term Date                    Rate           2021                         2020
                                                          US$’000/RMB’000                                           US$’000      RMB’000      US$’000         RMB’000


      China Construction Bank        April 4, 2018            RMB580,000      9-year April 4, 2027            (1)     1,255         8,000          307           2,000
      China Merchants Bank           January 22, 2020                   (2)   9-year January 20, 2029         (2)     1,569        10,000              –             –
      China Minsheng Bank
        (the “Senior Loan”)          September 24, 2020        US$200,000             (3)                 4.5%      200,000      1,274,535     198,320        1,294,010
      Zhuhai Hillhouse
        (the “Related Party Loan”)   September 24, 2020       RMB500,000              (4)                 4.5%       15,693       100,000       15,326         100,000
      Other short-term debt (5)                                                                                     209,048      1,332,197     121,062         789,918


      Total short-term debt                                                                                         427,565      2,724,732     335,015        2,185,928


      China Construction Bank        April 4, 2018            RMB580,000      9-year April 4, 2027            (1)    89,444       570,000       88,584         578,000
      China Merchants Bank           January 22, 2020                   (2)   9-year January 20, 2029         (2)    53,353       340,000       53,641         350,000
      China Merchants Bank           November 9, 2020         RMB378,000      9-year November 8, 2029         (6)    59,316       378,000       41,412         270,206


      Total long-term debt                                                                                          202,113      1,288,000     183,637        1,198,206


      1.       The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial
               institutions in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 4.9% as of December 31, 2021. The Company repaid US$312,000
               (or RMB2,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2021. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou
               Factory’s land use right and certain BeiGene Guangzhou Factory fixed assets in the first phase of the Guangzhou
               manufacturing facility’s build out.


      2.       On January 22, 2020, BeiGene Guangzhou Factory entered into a nine-year bank loan with China Merchants Bank
               to borrow up to RMB1,100,000,000 at a floating interest rate benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of
               certain PRC financial institutions. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s second land use right and
               fixed assets that will be placed into service upon completion of the second phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing
               facility’s build out. In connection with the Company’s short-term loan agreements with China Merchants Bank entered
               into during the year ended December 31, 2020, the borrowing capacity was reduced from RMB1,100,000,000 to
               RMB350,000,000. The loan interest rate was 4.4% as of December 31, 2021.




344        BEIGENE, LTD.             •      2021        ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. DEBT (Continued)

    3.   US$120,000,000 of the Senior Loan was designated to fund the JV share purchase and repayment of the shareholder
         loan and US$80,000,000 was designated for general working capital purposes. The Senior Loan had an original
         maturity date of October 8, 2021, which was the first anniversary of the first date of utilization of the loan. The
         Company may extend the original maturity date for up to two additional twelve month periods. On October 8, 2021,
         the Company extended the maturity date for twelve months to October 8, 2022 and repurposed the Senior Loan
         for general working capital purposes. On October 9, 2021, the Company repaid US$198,320,000 and drew down
         US$200,000,000 from the Senior Loan.


    4.   RMB100,000,000 of the Related Party Loan was designated for general corporate purposes and RMB400,000,000
         was designated for repayment of the Senior Loan, including principal, interest and fees. The loan originally matured at
         the earlier of: (i) November 9, 2021, which is one month after the Senior Loan maturity date, if not extended, or (ii) 10
         business days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. On October 8, 2021, the Company extended the maturity date of
         the Related Party Loan to the earlier of:


         (i)   November 9, 2022, which is one month after the Senior Loan maturity date, if not extended, or (ii) 10 business
               days after the Senior Loan is fully repaid. Zhuhai Hillhouse is a related party of the Company, as it is an affiliate
               of Hillhouse Capital. Hillhouse Capital is a shareholder of the Company, and a Hillhouse Capital employee is a
               member of the Company’s board of directors.


    5.   During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company entered into additional short-term working
         capital loans with China Industrial Bank and China Merchants Bank to borrow up to RMB1,940,000,000 in aggregate,
         with maturity dates ranging from April 19, 2021 to December 15, 2022. The Company drew down US$206,449,000
         (RMB1,332,197,000) during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company repaid US$123,122,000
         (RMB789,918,000) of the short-term loans during the year ended. December 31, 2021. The weighted average interest
         rate for the short-term working capital loans was approximately 4.2% as of December 31, 2021.


    6.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 4.3% as of December 31, 2021. The Company drew down US$16,838,000
         (RMB107,794,000) during the year ended December 31, 2021. The loan is secured by fixed assets that will be placed
         into service upon completion of the third phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s build out.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2021     ANNUAL REPORT              345
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. DEBT (Continued)


      Contractual Maturities of Debt Obligations


      The aggregate contractual maturities of all borrowings due subsequent to December 31, 2021 are as follows:


      Maturity dates                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                              US$’000


      Year ending December 31, 2022                                                                           427,565
      Year ending December 31, 2023                                                                            15,300
      Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                            31,832
      Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                            38,027
      Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                            42,726
      Thereafter                                                                                               74,228


      Total                                                                                                   629,678


      Interest Expense


      Interest on bank loans and the Related Party Loan is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled.
      Interest expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 amounted to US$29,263,000
      and US$18,309,000, respectively, among which, US$1,054,000 and US$338,000 was capitalized, respectively.


16. PRODUCT REVENUE


      The Company’s product revenue is primarily derived from the sale of its internally developed products
      BRUKINSA® in the United States and China, and tislelizumab and pamiparib in China; REVLIMID® and
      VIDAZA® in China under a license from BMS; and XGEVA® and BLINCYTO® in China under a license from
      Amgen.


      The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                           US$’000            US$’000


      Product revenue – gross                                                               748,824           324,672
      Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                      (114,837)           (15,798)


      Product revenue – net                                                                 633,987           308,874




346    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. PRODUCT REVENUE (Continued)


    The following table disaggregates net product revenue by product for the years ended December 31, 2021
    and 2020.


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


    Tislelizumab                                                                      255,119           163,358
    BRUKINSA        ®
                                                                                      217,987            41,702
    REVLIMID    ®
                                                                                        70,065           47,372
    VIDAZA®                                                                             19,591           29,975
    ABRAXANE        ®
                                                                                             –           17,770
    XGEVA®                                                                              45,956            8,496
    BLINCYTO    ®
                                                                                        12,515                –
    Other                                                                               12,754              201


    Total product revenue – net                                                       633,987           308,874


    The following table presents the roll-forward of accrued sales rebates and returns for the years ended
    December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


    Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                  11,874            3,198
    Accrual                                                                           114,837            15,798
    Payment                                                                            (67,072)          (7,122)


    Ending balance, as of December 31                                                   59,639           11,874


    Sales rebates accrued and paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 increased as a result of
    compensating distributors for products previously sold at the pre-NRDL price, which remained in the
    distribution channel, due to the first inclusion of tislelizumab, BRUKINSA® and XGEVA® in the NRDL effective
    March 1, 2021 and additional indications for tislelizumab, BRUKINSA® and pamiparib effective January 1,
    2022. The impact of the NRDL price reductions on net revenue totaled US$57,450,000 for the year ended
    December 31, 2021. The majority of the accrued compensation related to sales of tislelizumab.




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT         347
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE


      The Company’s loss before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           Notes               2021              2020
                                                                                           US$’000            US$’000


      Cost of inventories sold                                                              164,906            70,657
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                          10              44,742            30,943
      Research and development costs (note)                                               1,459,239         1,294,877
      Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets                     9              22,536            18,271
      Amortization of license rights                                         11                1,715               846
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   3,821             2,642
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
      Wages, salaries and other benefits                                                    720,551           466,962
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                     240,712           183,481
      Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                             38,810            13,372


                                                                                          1,000,073           663,815


      Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                              (67)           (1,492)
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                        5,991            (4,813)
      Bank interest income                                                                   (13,528)          (20,352)
      Loss on disposal of property and equipment                                                 106                 9

      Note:

      During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, research and development costs of approximately US$463,441,000
      and US$346,203,000 were also included in employee benefit expense.




348     BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. LOSS PER SHARE


   Loss per share was calculated as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


   Numerator:
     Net loss                                                                            (1,413,354)      (1,600,523)
     Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                                       –           (3,617)
     Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                              (1,413,354)      (1,596,906)


   Denominator:
     Weighted average shares outstanding for computing
       basic and diluted loss per share                                            1,206,210,049       1,085,131,783


   Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd., basic and diluted (in US$)               (1.17)           (1.47)


   For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-
   class method was not applicable, as the Company was in a net loss position.


   The effects of all share options and restricted share units were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
   per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2021    ANNUAL REPORT         349
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      In January 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the board of directors and shareholders of the Company
      approved the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective in February
      2016. The Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the
      2016 Plan, plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any
      outstanding options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the
      2011 Plan that are cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2021,
      ordinary shares cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled
      5,166,510. The 2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added
      on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5)%
      of the outstanding shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding
      fiscal year or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company’s board of directors or the compensation
      committee. On January 1, 2018, 29,603,616 ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision.
      However, in August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company
      approved an amended and restated 2016 Plan to remove this “evergreen” provision and implement other
      changes required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
      Limited (the “HK Listing Rules”). In December 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved a second
      amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 38,553,159
      ordinary shares, as well as amend the cap on annual compensation to independent directors and make
      other changes. In June 2020, the shareholders approved an Amendment No. 1 to the 2016 Plan to increase
      the number of shares authorized for issuance by 57,200,000 ordinary shares and to extend the term of the
      plan through April 13, 2030. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan is subject to
      adjustment in the event of a share split, share dividend or other change in the Company’s capitalization.


      As of December 31, 2021, share-based awards to acquire 50,886,939 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.




350    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021       ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


   2018 Inducement Equity Plan


   In June 2018, the board of directors of the Company approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018
   Plan”) and reserved 12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who
   were not previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s
   entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the
   NASDAQ Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the board of directors upon recommendation of the
   compensation committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing
   Rules. The terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder,
   are substantially similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018,
   in connection with the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on the HKEX, the board of directors of the
   Company approved an amended and restated 2018 Plan to implement changes required by the HK Listing
   Rules.


   As of December 31, 2021, share-based awards to acquire 9,344,659 ordinary shares were available for future
   grant under the 2018 Plan.


   2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


   In June 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
   ESPP). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In
   August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
   amended and restated ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in
   the plan and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders
   of the Company approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized
   for issuance by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees
   to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period,
   which will generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the
   beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll
   during the offering period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their
   eligible earnings, subject to applicable limitations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         351
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (Continued)


      The following tables summarizes the shares issued under the ESPP:


                                                          Market Price1                 Purchase Price2
                                     Number of
                                        Ordinary
                                         Shares
      Issuance Date                      Issued            ADS        Ordinary            ADS        Ordinary       Proceeds
                                                            US$            US$             US$            US$        US$’000


      August 31, 2021                   425,386          308.30           23.72         262.06           20.16          8,575
      February 26, 2021                 436,124          236.30           18.18         200.86           15.45          6,738
      August 31, 2020                   485,069          164.06           12.62         139.45           10.73          5,203
      February 28, 2020                 425,425          145.54           11.20         123.71            9.52          4,048
      August 30, 2019                   233,194          143.75           11.06         122.19            9.40          2,192
      February 28, 2019                 154,505          137.05           10.54         116.49            8.96          1,385

      1
            The market price is the lower of the closing price on the NASDAQ Stock Market on the issuance date or the offering
            date, in accordance with the terms of the ESPP.

      2
            The purchase price is the price which was discounted from the applicable market price, in accordance with the terms
            of the ESPP.


      As of December 31, 2021, 5,194,546 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.


      Share options


      Generally, share options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three- to five-year period, with
      the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the
      remainder of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units
      generally vest over a four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or
      the service relationship start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter, or
      sometimes vest upon the achievement of pre-specified performance conditions.




352       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


   Share options (Continued)


   The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                         Weighted           Weighted
                                                             Weighted        Average         Average
                                                              Average           Grant     Remaining     Aggregate
                                             Number of        Exercise       Date Fair    Contractual     Intrinsic
                                                Options          Price          Value           Term        Value
                                                                  US$            US$           Years     US$’000


   Outstanding at December 31, 2019         108,417,254           3.96
     Granted                                  8,999,536         13.54            7.15
     Exercised                               (29,707,587)         2.82                                    416,509
     Forfeited                                (2,717,488)         7.22


   Outstanding at December 31, 2020          84,991,715           5.27
     Granted                                  6,244,524         26.46           12.40
     Exercised                               (17,233,853)         4.52                                    367,110
     Forfeited                                (1,797,498)       13.27


   Outstanding at December 31, 2021          72,204,888           7.08                           5.81   1,026,958


   Exercisable as of December 31, 2021       55,576,828           4.31                           5.08     919,118


   Vested and expected to vest at
     December 31, 2021                       70,043,242           6.79                           5.73   1,012,938


   As of December 31, 2021, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 14,466,414 unvested share options
   expected to vest was US$88,394,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
   weighted-average amortization period of 2.1 years.


   The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2021 and
   2020 was US$53,571,000 and US$55,127,000, respectively.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.    •     2021      ANNUAL REPORT       353
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      Fair value of options


      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price is used in
      conjunction with historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same
      industry as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern
      as reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


      The following table presents the range of fair values and the assumptions used to estimate those fair values of
      the share options granted in the years presented:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2021                   2020


      Fair value of ordinary share                                        US$9.94 ~ US$14.97         US$4.95 ~ US$11.89
      Risk-free interest rate                                                      1.1% ~ 1.7%             0.6% ~ 1.1%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                              2.8                    2.8
      Expected volatility                                                           51% ~ 59%               58% ~ 59%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                0%                      0%
      Contractual life                                                                  10 years                10 years




354    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


   Restricted shares


   The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share activities under the 2016 Plan:


                                                                                                       Weighted-
                                                                                                         Average
                                                                                  Numbers of           Grant Date
                                                                                       Shares          Fair Value
                                                                                                             US$


   Outstanding at December 31, 2019                                                    75,000                2.27
     Granted                                                                                 –                  –
     Vested                                                                            (75,000)              2.27
     Forfeited                                                                               –                  –


   Outstanding at December 31, 2020                                                          –                  –
     Granted                                                                                 –                  –
     Vested                                                                                  –                  –
     Forfeited                                                                               –                  –


   Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                                          –                  –


   Expected to vest at December 31, 2021                                                     –                  –


   The Company had no non-employee restricted share activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 and
   2020.


   As of December 31, 2021, all compensation cost related to restricted shares was fully recognized.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT           355
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      Restricted share units


      The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share unit activities under the 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                                       Weighted-
                                                                                                         Average
                                                                                     Numbers of        Grant Date
                                                                                         Shares         Fair Value
                                                                                                             US$


      Outstanding at December 31, 2019                                               26,852,267             10.72
        Granted                                                                      18,820,581             14.20
        Vested                                                                        (7,302,828)           10.88
        Forfeited                                                                     (3,493,048)           11.36


      Outstanding at December 31, 2020                                               34,876,972             12.50
        Granted                                                                      17,173,767             25.58
        Vested                                                                       (10,703,381)           12.23
        Forfeited                                                                     (5,264,376)           15.82


      Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                               36,082,982             18.33


      Expected to vest at December 31, 2021                                          31,392,194             18.33


      As of December 31, 2021, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
      expected to vest was US$469,862,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
      weighted-average amortization period of 2.6 years.


      The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
      December 31, 2021 and 2020:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development                                                          114,357            92,999
      Selling, general and administrative                                               126,355            90,482


      Total                                                                             240,712           183,481




356    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)


   The movement of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was as follows:


                                                                              Unrealized
                                                                Foreign     Gains/Losses
                                                              Currency      on Available-        Pension
                                                             Translation         for-Sale         Liability
                                                           Adjustments         Securities     Adjustments            Total
                                                               US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


   December 31, 2019                                              (9,291)           1,290                –          (8,001)
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before
     reclassifications                                           23,475             1,073           (8,113)        16,435
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
     comprehensive income (loss)(1)                                    –            (1,492)              –          (1,492)


   Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income          23,475              (419)          (8,113)        14,943


   December 31, 2020                                             14,184               871           (8,113)         6,942


   Other comprehensive income (loss) before
     reclassifications                                           13,714             (4,504)           309           9,519
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
     comprehensive income (loss)(1)                                    –               (67)         1,556           1,489


   Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income          13,714             (4,571)         1,865          11,008


   December 31, 2021                                             27,898             (3,700)        (6,248)         17,950


   (1)   The amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were included in other income, net in
         the consolidated statements of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2021    ANNUAL REPORT          357
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


      During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company completed the following equity offerings:


      In January 2020, the Company sold 15,895,001 ADSs, representing a 20.5% ownership stake in the
      Company, to Amgen for aggregate cash proceeds of US$2,779,241,000, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant
      to the Amgen SPA executed in connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. On March 17, 2020,
      BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to the Amgen SPA
      in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by the Company, which was restated in
      its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Restated Second
      Amendment, Amgen has an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional ordinary shares
      of the Company in the form of ADSs (the “Additional Shares”) in an amount necessary to enable it to increase
      (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s outstanding shares.
      The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s interest in the outstanding
      shares of the Company at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The Direct Purchase Option (i)
      will be exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares under the
      Company’s equity incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) is subject to annual approval by the Company’s
      independent shareholders each year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise
      period of the Direct Purchase Option commenced on December 1, 2020 and will terminate on the earliest of:
      (a) the date on which Amgen and its affiliates collectively own less than 20% of the outstanding share capital
      of the Company as a result of Amgen’s sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written notice from either
      Amgen or the Company that such party wishes to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) December 1,
      2023. The Direct Purchase Option has no vesting period.


      In July 2020, the Company issued 145,838,979 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001, to eight existing
      investors, including entities associated with Hillhouse Capital and Baker Bros. Advisors LP, as well as Amgen,
      in a registered direct offering under the Company’s effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
      333-238181). Each ordinary share was sold for a purchase price of US$14.2308 per share (US$185.00 per
      ADS), resulting in net proceeds, after offering expenses, of US$2,069,610,000. Amgen purchased 29,614,832
      ordinary shares for US$421,443,000 as part of this offering. The offering was made without an underwriter or
      a placement agent, and as a result the Company did not pay any underwriting discounts or commissions in
      connection with the offering.




358    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Continued)


    In September 2021, upon Amgen’s exercise of its Direct Purchase Option, the Company issued an aggregate
    of 165,529 ADSs, representing 2,151,877 ordinary shares, to Amgen Inc. for a total consideration of
    US$50,000,000, in a private placement pursuant to the Amgen SPA dated October 31, 2019, as amended on
    December 6, 2019 and September 24, 2020 by and between Amgen and Company.


    In December 2021, the Company completed the STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The shares
    offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in the PRC in Renminbi
    (RMB Shares). The public offering price of the RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per ordinary share, or US$391.68
    per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 ordinary shares. Net proceeds after deducting
    underwriting discounts and commission and offering expenses were US$3,392,616,000. As required by the
    PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the
    planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as the Company’s proceeds management policy for
    the STAR Offering approved by the board of directors.


22. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS


    The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
    its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s
    PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
    standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial statements
    prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the
    Company’s PRC subsidiaries.


    In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
    reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
    registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required to
    provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, from the profits determined
    in accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used
    for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries were
    established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-mentioned restrictions
    on distributable profits.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          359
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (Continued)


      During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made,
      because the PRC subsidiaries had an accumulated deficit as of the end of such periods.


      As a result of these PRC laws and regulations, including the requirement to make annual appropriations
      of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
      the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
      Company.


      Foreign exchange and other regulations in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries from
      transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans, and advances. As of December 31, 2021
      and 2020, amounts restricted were the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which amounted to
      US$799,574,000 and US$119,776,000, respectively.


23. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS


      Defined Contribution Plans


      Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
      plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
      benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
      make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
      salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The
      total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$63,772,000 and
      US$23,717,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.


      The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The
      401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees, and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation
      on a pretax basis. In addition, the Company has a matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan, which, in the 2021
      plan year, matched dollar for dollar of eligible contributions up to 4%. Company contributions to the 401(k)
      plan totaled US$7,483,000 and US$4,840,000 in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.


      The Company maintains a government mandated program to cover its employees in Switzerland for
      pension, death, or disability. The program is considered a defined contribution plan. Employer and employee
      contributions are made based on various percentages of salaries and wages that vary based on employee age
      and other factors. Company contributions into the program amounted to US$2,986,000 and US$2,960,000 in
      the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.


      Employee benefit expenses for the remaining subsidiaries were immaterial.




360    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)


    Defined Benefit Plan


    The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering its employees in Switzerland (the “Swiss
    Plan”). This plan is a government mandated fund that provides benefits to employees upon retirement,
    death, or disability. Contributions are made based on various percentages of participants’ salaries and
    wages determined based on participants’ age and other factors. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the
    projected benefit obligations under the Swiss Plan were approximately US$34,517,000 and US$23,566,000,
    respectively, and plan assets were approximately US$26,703,000 and US$15,453,000, respectively. The
    funded status of the Swiss Plan is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
    balance sheets. The initial determination of the pension liability was recorded as other comprehensive loss
    during the year ended December 31, 2020 and subsequently amortized as a component of net periodic
    pension cost (see Note 20).


    The actuarial valuation were prepared by AXA Pension Solutions AG as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and
    the present value of the defined benefit plan obligations are calculated using projected unit credit method.


    The Company’s annual contribution to the Swiss Plan is estimated to be approximately US$1,604,000 in 2022
    and is expected to evolve thereafter proportionally with changes in staffing and compensation levels, actuarial
    assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.


    The following table reflects the total expected benefit payments to Swiss Plan participants and have been
    estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company’s benefit obligations as of
    December 31, 2021:


                                                                                                          Amounts
    Year(s)                                                                                                US$’000


    2022                                                                                                            44
    2023                                                                                                            68
    2024                                                                                                           528
    2025                                                                                                           271
    2026                                                                                                           197
    2027 – 2031                                                                                               3,760


    Total                                                                                                     4,868




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT          361
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


      Purchase Commitments


      As of December 31, 2021, the Company had purchase commitments amounting to US$168,687,000, of which
      US$75,976,000 related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from contract manufacturing
      organizations and US$92,711,000 related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS and
      Amgen. The Company does not have any minimum purchase requirements for inventory from BMS or Amgen.


      Capital commitments


      The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$42,394,000 for the acquisition of property, plant
      and equipment as of December 31, 2021, which were mainly for the Company’s biologics manufacturing
      facility in Guangzhou, China, small molecule manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, and research and
      development operations at the Changping facility in Beijing, China.


      Co-development funding commitment


      Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company is responsible for co-funding global clinical
      development costs for the Amgen oncology pipeline assets up to a total cap of US$1,250,000,000. The
      Company is funding its portion of the co-development costs by contributing cash and/or development
      services. As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s remaining co-development funding commitment was
      US$791,059,000.


      Research and Development Commitment


      The Company entered into long-term research and development agreements, which include obligations to
      make upfront payments and fixed quarterly payments over the next five years. As of December 31, 2021, the
      total research and development commitment amounted to US$27,985,000.


      Funding Commitment


      The Company had committed capital related to an equity method investment in the amount of US$15,000,000.
      As of December 31, 2021, the remaining capital commitment was US$12,750,000 and is expected to be paid
      from time to time over the investment period.




362    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)


   Other Business Agreements


   The Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with contract research organizations
   (CROs) to provide research and development services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time
   by the Company with prior written notice.


   The Company also enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual
   property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone
   payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration
   agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of
   such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet because
   the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of
   these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in the consolidated
   financial statements.


25. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION


   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, were
   disclosed pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                             US$’000           US$’000


   Fees                                                                                           724                560
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  828                786
       Performance related bonuses                                                                919                637
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                     18,703             16,890
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                14                 10


                                                                                              20,464             18,323


                                                                                              21,188             18,883


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 25 (including above table) and Note 26 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021    ANNUAL REPORT           363
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, certain directors were granted share options and
      restricted share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company,
      further details of which are set out in Note 19. The fair value of such options, which has been recognized in
      the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
      the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above directors’
      and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.


      (a)   Independent non-executive directors


            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2021
            and 2020 were as follows:


            Year ended December 31, 2021


                                                             Salaries,   Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                      allowances and          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                              Fees    benefits in kind      bonuses         expense    contributions   remuneration
                                            US$’000          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Thomas Malley                       89                  –              –            345               –            434
            Timothy Chen                        76                  –              –            345               –            421
            Donald W. Glazer                    70                  –              –            345               –            415
            Michael Goller                      73                  –              –            345               –            418
            Ranjeev Krishana                    76                  –              –            345               –            421
            Qingqing Yi                         84                  –              –            345               –            429
            Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                  72                  –              –            396               –            468
            Corazon (Corsee)
              D. Sanders                        92                  –              –            339               –            431


                                               632                  –              –           2,805              –           3,437




364     BEIGENE, LTD.            •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (a)   Independent non-executive directors (Continued)


          Year ended December 31, 2020


                                                   Salaries,    Performance     Share-based         Pension
                                             allowances and          related   compensation         scheme            Total
                                      Fees   benefits in kind      bonuses         expense     contributions   remuneration
                                   US$’000         US$’000         US$’000         US$’000         US$’000         US$’000


          Timothy Chen                 70                  –              –            290                –            360
          Donald W. Glazer             63                  –              –            290                –            353
          Michael Goller               61                  –              –            290                –            351
          Ranjeev Krishana             63                  –              –            290                –            353
          Thomas Malley                78                  –              –            290                –            368
          Qingqing Yi                  73                  –              –            290                –            363
          Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su           59                  –              –            445                –            504
          Corazon (Corsee)
            D. Sanders                 24                  –              –            118                –            142


                                      491                  –              –           2,303               –          2,794




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT          365
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive


            For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Board of Directors comprised one executive
            director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
            Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2021              2020
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


            Fees                                                                                  –                –
            Other emoluments:
              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                        828               786
              Performance related bonuses                                                      919               637
              Share-based compensation expenses                                             15,553            14,376
              Pension scheme contributions                                                      14                10


                                                                                            17,314            15,809


                                                                                            17,314            15,809




366    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive (Continued)


          For the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Board of Directors comprised two non-executive
          directors, Xiaodong Wang and Anthony C. Hooper. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any compensation
          as a director. The compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the years ended
          December 31, 2021 and 2020 were detailed below and also included in Note 27.


          Year ended December 31, 2021


                                                    Salaries,   Performance     Share-based         Pension
                                             allowances and          related   compensation         scheme            Total
                                      Fees   benefits in kind      bonuses         expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                   US$’000          US$’000        US$’000          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


          Xiaodong Wang                100                 –            150           4,704               –           4,954
          Anthony C. Hooper             92                 –              –            345                –            437


                                       192                 –            150           5,049               –           5,391


          Year ended December 31, 2020


                                                    Salaries,   Performance     Share-based         Pension
                                             allowances and          related   compensation         scheme            Total
                                      Fees   benefits in kind      bonuses         expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                   US$’000          US$’000        US$’000          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


          Xiaodong Wang                100                 –            150           6,157               –           6,407
          Anthony C. Hooper             69                 –              –            211                –            280


                                       169                 –            150           6,368               –           6,687




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021      ANNUAL REPORT           367
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES


      The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 included the following
      number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 25 above.


                                                                                            Headcounts
                                                                                            2021               2020


      Directors and chief executive                                                             2                 2
      Neither directors nor chief executive                                                     3                 3


                                                                                                5                 5


      Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
      nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             1,983              1,732
      Performance related bonuses                                                           1,385              1,037
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                   17,646              13,268
      Pension scheme contributions                                                             32                33


                                                                                          21,046              16,070


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                       Number of employees
                                                                                            2021               2020


      HK$25,000,001 to HK$30,000,000                                                            –                 1
      HK$30,000,001 to HK$35,000,000                                                            –                 1
      HK$35,000,001 to HK$40,000,000                                                            2                  –
      HK$60,000,001 to HK$65,000,000                                                            –                 1
      HK$80,000,001 to HK$85,000,000                                                            1                  –


                                                                                                3                 3




368    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021       ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)


    For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, share options or restricted share units were granted to a
    non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employee in respect of his services to the Group, further
    details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 19. The fair value of such options,
    which have been recognized in the statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the
    date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the
    above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.


27. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


    In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Company had the following
    related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:


    Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
    service to the Group, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year ended
    December 31, 2021 consisted of (i) US$100,000 (2020: US$100,000) in consulting fees, (ii) US$150,000 (2020:
    US$150,000) as a performance-based cash bonus, (iii) an option to purchase 241,839 ordinary shares (2020:
    560,599 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value of US$3,000,000 (2020: US$4,000,000) and (iv) 39,000
    ordinary shares, with a grant date fair value of US$1,000,000 (2020: nil).


    The cash component of the above related party transaction also constitutes a fully-exempt continuing
    connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         369
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION


      The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the
      Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a
      consolidated basis.


      The Company’s long-lived assets are substantially located in the PRC, with the exception of land which is in
      the U.S.


      Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration
      revenue is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net
      revenues by geographic area are presented as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      PRC                                                                                517,173          290,646
      U.S.                                                                               495,265              18,228
      ROW                                                                                163,845                   –


      Total                                                                            1,176,283          308,874


      PRC revenues for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 consisted entirely of
      product sales. U.S. revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of collaboration revenues of
      US$379,607,000 and BRUKINSA® product sales of US$115,658,000, respectively. U.S. revenues for the year
      ended December 31, 2020 consisted entirely of BRUKINSA® product sales. Rest of world revenues for each
      of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of collaboration revenues.




370    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS


   The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
   respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of material differences
   between the financial information of the Company prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:


   Consolidated statement of
   operations data                                            Year ended December 31, 2021
                                              Amounts as
                                            reported under                                              Amounts
                                               U.S. GAAP            IFRS adjustments                  under IFRS
                                                  US$’000          US$’000             US$’000          US$’000
                                                                                   Tax benefit/
                                                                                  deficiency on
                                                               Share-based        share-based
                                                              compensation       compensation
                                                                   (note (i))          (note (iii))


   Research and development                     (1,459,239)         (21,541)                     –    (1,480,780)
   Selling, general and administrative            (990,123)         (27,189)                     –    (1,017,312)


   Loss before income tax expense               (1,438,588)         (48,730)                     –    (1,487,318)
   Income tax (expense) benefit                    25,234             5,253              (56,237)        (25,750)


   Net loss                                     (1,413,354)         (43,477)             (56,237)     (1,513,068)


   Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.       (1,413,354)         (43,477)             (56,237)     (1,513,068)




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •       2021   ANNUAL REPORT        371
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


      Consolidated statement of
      operations data                                            Year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 Amounts as
                                               reported under                                           Amounts
                                                  U.S. GAAP            IFRS adjustments               under IFRS
                                                     US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000
                                                                                    Tax benefit/
                                                                                   deficiency on
                                                                  Share-based       share-based
                                                                 compensation      compensation
                                                                      (note (i))       (note (iii))


      Research and development                     (1,294,877)          (5,338)                  –    (1,300,215)
      Selling, general and administrative            (600,176)         (12,280)                  –      (612,456)


      Loss before income tax expense               (1,618,194)         (17,618)                  –    (1,635,812)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                    17,671             1,143           (41,404)        (22,590)


      Net loss                                     (1,600,523)         (16,475)          (41,404)     (1,658,402)


      Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.       (1,596,906)         (16,475)          (41,404)     (1,654,785)




372    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


   Consolidated balance sheet data                                  As at December 31, 2021
                                       Amounts as
                                     reported under                                                                Amounts
                                        U.S. GAAP                        IFRS adjustments                        under IFRS
                                           US$’000         US$’000              US$’000           US$’000          US$’000
                                                                                               Tax benefit/
                                                                                              deficiency on
                                                        Share based            Preferred       share based
                                                       compensation                Shares     compensation
                                                            (note (i))          (note (ii))       (note (iii))


   Deferred tax assets                     110,424             5,253                     –                  –      125,744
                                                            10,067*                      –                  –


   Total assets                          8,645,949           15,320                      –                  –     8,661,269


   Additional paid-in capital           11,191,007           48,730                      –           56,237      11,809,005
                                                           125,319*             307,894*            79,818*
   Accumulated deficit                   (4,966,103)        (48,730)                     –          (56,237)     (5,568,781)
                                                               5,253                     –                  –
                                                           (115,252)*           (307,894)*          (79,818)*


   Total equity                          6,242,987           15,320                      –                  –     6,258,307




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2021     ANNUAL REPORT           373
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


      Consolidated balance sheet data                                          As at December 31, 2020
                                                 Amounts as
                                               reported under                                                                 Amounts
                                                  U.S. GAAP                         IFRS adjustments                        under IFRS
                                                     US$’000          US$’000              US$’000           US$’000          US$’000
                                                                                                          Tax benefit/
                                                                                                         deficiency on
                                                                   Share based            Preferred       share based
                                                                  compensation               Shares      compensation
                                                                       (note (i))          (note (ii))       (note (iii))


      Deferred tax assets                             65,962              1,143                     –                  –        76,029
                                                                         8,924*                     –                  –


      Total assets                                 5,600,757            10,067                      –                  –     5,610,824


      Additional paid-in capital                   7,414,932            17,618                      –           41,404       7,927,963
                                                                      107,701*             307,894*            38,414*
      Accumulated deficit                          (3,552,749)          (17,618)                    –          (41,404)     (4,055,713)
                                                                          1,143                     –                  –
                                                                        (98,777)*          (307,894)*          (38,414)*


      Total equity                                 3,869,243            10,067                      –                  –     3,879,310


      *      IFRS adjustments brought forward from prior years.




374       BEIGENE, LTD.            •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes:


   (i)    Share based compensation


          Under U.S. GAAP, the Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
          all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
          compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date value of the options that
          are vested at that date.


          Under IFRS, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
          granted with graded vesting.

          A difference of US$48,730,000 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
          development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS
          for the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: US$17,618,000). The related income tax impact of this item was
          US$5,253,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: US$1,143,000).


          The accumulated difference on share-based compensation recognized in expenses and additional paid in capital
          under U.S. GAAP and IFRS was US$125,319,000, the related income tax impact on above differences was
          US$10,067,000, and net impact on the accumulated deficit was US$115,252,000 as of December 31, 2020. The
          differences as of December 31, 2020 were all carried forward as opening IFRS adjustments to the balance sheet as
          of January 1, 2021.


   (ii)   Preferred Shares


          Prior to the Company’s U.S. IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares
          at the time of the U.S. IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as
          mezzanine equity as these convertible preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event
          (i.e., Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence
          of the conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred
          shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options are clearly and closely related to
          the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options are not
          publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible
          preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
          favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently and is
          not probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction
          is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is
          probable that they will become redeemable.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT             375
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes: (Continued)


      (ii)    Preferred Shares (Continued)


              Under IFRS, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
              conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
              being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
              Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
              occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRS, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
              as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
              recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
              Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016
              was recognized in the statement of operations under IFRS and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes
              was recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the
              ordinary shares. The effect of such IFRS adjustments on accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital was
              US$307,894,000 which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.


      (iii)   Tax benefit/deficiency on share-based compensation


              Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are calculated based on the cumulative share-based compensation expense
              recognized in the financial statements, and ASC 2016-09 required all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be
              recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of operations, rather than in shareholders’ equity.


              Under IFRS, deferred taxes are calculated based on the estimated tax deduction determined at each reporting date.
              If the tax deduction exceeds cumulative compensation cost for an individual award, deferred tax based on the excess
              is credited to shareholders’ equity. If the tax deduction is less than or equal to cumulative compensation cost for an
              individual award, deferred taxes are recorded in statement of operations.


              As the deferred tax assets impact was determined to the extent of future available taxable profit against which
              the estimated additional tax deduction can be utilized, there is no difference on deferred tax assets for tax benefit
              on share-based compensation expenses recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS as of December 31, 2021 and
              December 31, 2020. The cumulative income tax benefit on excess tax deductions of US$56,237,000 for the year
              ended December 31, 2021 (2020: US$41,404,000) was recognized in equity under IFRS, rather than in the statement
              of operations under U.S. GAAP.


              The accumulated difference of excess tax deduction of US$79,818,000 recognized in equity amounted to
              US$79,818,000 as of December 31, 2020, and are carried forward as opening adjustments to the balance sheet as of
              January 1, 2021 under IFRS.




376      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2021     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)


   (iv)   Lease


          The Company adopted the new lease standard effective January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method
          and did not restate historical comparative periods under U.S. GAAP. As a lessee, the Company recognized a lease
          liability based on the present value of the total remaining lease payments, and a corresponding right of use asset
          under U.S. GAAP. The Company subsequently recognize an operating lease expense on straight line basis over the
          lease term.


          IFRS 16, Lease requires entities to present interest expense on the lease liability and depreciation on the right of use
          assets separately in the statement of operations. This will change the allocation of expenses and the total amount of
          expenses recognized for each period of the lease term. The combination of a straight-line depreciation of the right-of-
          use asset and the effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability will result in a higher total charge to profit
          or loss in the initial years of the lease terms, and a decreasing expense during the latter years of the lease terms.


          Based on the Company’s assessment, the differences on lease recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS did not have
          material impact on the financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021.


   (v)    Investment


          Under U.S. GAAP, the Company elected to measure an equity security without a readily determinable fair value that
          does not qualify for the practical expedient to estimate fair value at its cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus
          changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of
          the same issuer.


          Under IFRS, the Company measured the investments in equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).


          Based on the Company’s assessment, the differences on investment recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS did not
          have material impact on the financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31,
          2021.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.          •     2021     ANNUAL REPORT              377
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY


                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000


      Assets
      Current assets:
        Cash and cash equivalents                                        3,715,170        332,372
        Short-term restricted cash                                             14                  –
        Short-term investments                                           2,044,198      2,885,650
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets                         920,819         512,107


      Total current assets                                               6,680,201      3,730,129


      Non-current assets:
        Long-term equity investments                                      169,328         138,305
        Property and equipment, net                                         6,563              6,087
        Intangible assets, net                                              7,031                  –
        Other non-current assets                                          552,032         931,899


      Total non-current assets                                            734,954       1,076,291


      Total assets                                                       7,415,155      4,806,420


      Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
      Current liabilities:
        Accounts payable                                                  292,988         127,478
        Accrued expenses and other payables                               123,341          61,974
        Research and development cost share liability, current portion    120,801         127,808
        Short-term debt                                                   247,076         244,298


      Total current liabilities                                           784,206         561,558




378     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


    Non-current liabilities:
      Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion                269,561         375,040
      Other long-term liabilities                                                       118,401               579


    Total non-current liabilities                                                       387,962         375,619


    Total liabilities                                                                  1,172,168        937,177


    Commitments and contingencies
    Equity:
      Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
         9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,334,804,281 and
         1,190,821,941 shares issued and outstanding as of
         December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively                                           133               118
      Additional paid-in capital                                                      11,191,007      7,414,932
      Accumulated other comprehensive income                                             17,950              6,942
      Accumulated deficit                                                             (4,966,103)     (3,552,749)


    Total equity                                                                       6,242,987      3,869,243


    Total liabilities and equity                                                       7,415,155      4,806,420




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021    ANNUAL REPORT          379
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                        Additional
                                                                            Ordinary Shares                Paid-In    Accumulated     Accumulated
                                                                           Shares             Amount       Capital            OCI          Deficit         Total
                                                                                              US$’000     US$’000         US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


      Balance at December 31, 2019                                    801,340,698                 79     2,925,970          (8,001)     (1,955,843)     962,205


      Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, net of cost          145,838,979                 14     2,069,596               –               –    2,069,610
      Issuance of ordinary shares in connection with collaboration    206,635,013                 21     2,162,386               –               –    2,162,407
      Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs                    38,020,892                  3       93,098                –               –       93,101
      Use of shares reserved for share option exercises
        and RSU releases                                                (1,013,641)                1             –               –               –             1
      Share-based compensation                                                   –                  –     183,481                –               –      183,481
      Acquisition of joint venture (“JV”) minority interest                      –                  –      (19,599)              –               –       (19,599)
      Other comprehensive income                                                 –                  –            –         14,943                –       14,943
      Net loss                                                                   –                  –            –               –      (1,596,906)   (1,596,906)


      Balance at December 31, 2020                                   1,190,821,941               118     7,414,932          6,942       (3,552,749)   3,869,243


      Issuance of ordinary shares in connection with STAR Offering    115,055,260                 12     3,392,604               –               –    3,392,616
      Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, net of cost            2,151,877                   –      50,000                –               –       50,000
      Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs                    28,778,893                  3       92,759                –               –       92,762
      Use of shares reserved for share option exercises
        and RSU releases                                                (2,003,690)                 –            –               –               –             –
      Share-based compensation                                                   –                  –     240,712                –               –      240,712
      Other comprehensive income                                                 –                  –            –         11,008                –       11,008
      Net loss                                                                   –                  –            –               –      (1,413,354)   (1,413,354)


      Balance at December 31, 2021                                   1,334,804,281               133    11,191,007         17,950       (4,966,103)   6,242,987


      The above statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
      and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the HK Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.




380      BEIGENE, LTD.                     •       2021        ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31. DIVIDENDS


   The board of directors of the Company did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the year
   ended December 31, 2021 (year ended December 31, 2020: nil).


32. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


   The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 30, 2022.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2021   ANNUAL REPORT         381
DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                          the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and
                                     most recently amended on April 17, 2015


“2016 Plan”                          the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                     adopted by the Company on January 14, 2016, as amended from time to
                                     time, the principal terms of which were set out in the Company’s Proxy
                                     Statement/Circular dated April 28, 2020


“2018 ESPP”                          the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                                     approved by our Board on November 7, 2018, and by our Shareholders
                                     on December 7, 2018, to replace the Amended and Restated 2018
                                     Employee Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on
                                     June 6, 2018 and most recently amended on June 16, 2021 (effective as
                                     of September 1, 2021)


“2018 Inducement Plan” or            the Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan adopted by the
  “2018 Plan”                        Company on June 6, 2018 and most recently amended on August 7, 2018


“ADS(s)”                             American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                                     Company)


“affiliate(s)”                       with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or
                                     indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
                                     control with such specified person


“Amgen”                              Amgen Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, US, on
                                     April 7, 1987


“Amgen Collaboration                 a Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019, by and between
  Agreement”                         BeiGene Switzerland and Amgen, which became effective on January 2,
                                     2020


“Articles”                           the sixth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                     adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on June 16,
                                     2021 with effect from the listing of RMB shares of the Company on the
                                     STAR market of Shanghai Stock Exchange on December 15, 2021, as
                                     amended from time to time


“associate(s)”                       has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules




382      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                         DEFINITIONS


“BeiGene”, “Company”,              BeiGene, Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “our Company” or “the Company”   under the laws of the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010


“BeiGene Biologics”                BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州生物藥業有限公司), a company
                                   incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and an
                                   indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Company


“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”        BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.* (廣州百濟神州生
                                   物製藥有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on
                                   March 3, 2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics


“BeiGene Switzerland”              BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of
                                   Switzerland on September 1, 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                   Company


“BLA”                              biologics license application


“Board”                            the Board of Directors of the Company


“CDE”                              Center for Drug Evaluation at the NMPA


“China” or “PRC”                   the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires
                                   and only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau
                                   Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be
                                   construed accordingly


“CMOs”                             contract manufacturing organizations


“Hong Kong Companies Ordinance”    the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                   amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Corporate Governance Code”        the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set
                                   out in Appendix 14 of the HK Listing Rules


“CROs”                             contract research organizations


“CSRC”                             China Securities Regulatory Commission




                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.     •     2021   ANNUAL REPORT       383
DEFINITIONS


“Director(s)”                            the director(s) of our Company


“EMA”                                    European Medicines Agency


“EU”                                     the European Union


“EUSA”                                   EUSA Pharma


“FDA”                                    U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“GDPR”                                   General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679


“GET”                                    Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou
                                         High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.), a limited liability
                                         company established under the laws of the PRC on November 27, 1998
                                         and an Independent Third Party


“Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,       the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “we”, “us”, or “our”


“HKEX”                                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HK Listing Rules”                       the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                         Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                         from time to time


“Hong Kong” or “HK”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or                   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollar” or “HK$”


“IFRS”                                   International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time
                                         by the International Accounting Standards Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”           any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company
                                         within the meaning ascribed thereto under the HK Listing Rules


“IPO”                                    initial public offering


“Listing”                                the listing of our Shares on the Main Board


“Main Board”                             the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the HKEX
                                         which is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth
                                         Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange


384      BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                 DEFINITIONS


“Model Code”             the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                         set out in Appendix 10 of the HK Listing Rules


“NASDAQ”                 Nasdaq Stock Market


“NASDAQ Listing Rules”   the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market


“NDA”                    new drug application


“NHSA”                   National Healthcare Security Administration


“NMPA”                   National Medical Products Administration, successor to the China Food
                         and Drug Administration


“Novartis”               Novartis Pharma AG


“NRDL”                   the National Reimbursement Drug List


“Prospectus”             the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018


“Reporting Period”       the year ended December 31, 2021


“RMB” or “Renminbi”      Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“RMB Shares”             the Shares subscribed for in RMB by target subscriber(s) in the PRC,
                         which are listed on the STAR Market and traded in RMB


“SAFE”                   State Administration of Foreign Exchange


“sBLA”                   supplemental biologics license application


“SEC”                    Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFO”                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                         Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                         time


“Shareholder(s)”         holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Share(s)”               ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company




                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2021      ANNUAL REPORT      385
DEFINITIONS


“Amgen SPA”                             a share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by
                                        and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen


“sNDA”                                  supplementary new drug applications


“SSE”                                   Shanghai Stock Exchange


“STAR Market”                           the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock
                                        Exchange


“STAR Offering”                         issue of RMB Shares and listing on the STAR Market of the SSE


“subsidiary(ies)”                       has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Hong Kong
                                        Companies Ordinance


“substantial shareholder”               has the meaning ascribed to it in the HK Listing Rules


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”         the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                        subject to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”or “US$”    United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“U.S. GAAP”                             United States generally accepted accounting principles




386     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“BRAF”                means   a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal
                              cell signals that direct cell growth


“BTK”                 means   Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                              pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival
                              in various lymphomas


“cHL”                 means   classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma


“CLL”                 means   chronic lymphocytic leukemia


“complete response”   means   the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment


“FcγR”                means   Fc-gamma receptor


“HCC”                 means   hepatocellular carcinoma


“immunoglobulin”      means   glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                              are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                              response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens,
                              such as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction


“Kinase”              means   a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from
                              high-energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The
                              protein kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act
                              on proteins, phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or
                              histidine residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme
                              regulation as well as signaling in the cell


“MCL”                 means   mantle cell lymphoma


“MZL”                 means   marginal zone lymphoma


“NSCLC”               means   non-small cell lung cancer


“PARP”                means   poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous
                              cellular processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional
                              regulation, which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to
                              DNA damage




                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT         387
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“PD-1”                   means       programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor
                                     expressed on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and
                                     PD-L2. PD-1 is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in
                                     down-regulating the immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells


“pivotal trials”         means       a potentially registration-enabling trial or program that is intended to
                                     provide clinical data to support a regulatory approval for marketing the
                                     drug candidate


“RAF dimer”              means       a protein complex formed by two copies of RAF proteins. This could be a
                                     BRAF-BRAF complex, a BRAF-CRAF complex, or a CRAF-CRAF complex


“R/R”                    means       relapsed or refractory


“SLL”                    means       small lymphocytic lymphoma


“T-Cell”                 means       a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and
                                     that differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of
                                     the T-cell receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible
                                     for recognizing antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex
                                     molecules


“TIM-3”                  means       T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3, a Th1-specific
                                     cell surface protein that functions as an immune checkpoint, regulating
                                     macrophage activation and enhancing the severity of experimental
                                     autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice


“UC”                     means       urothelial carcinoma


“WM”                     means       Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia




388      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2021   ANNUAL REPORT
