                              2024 Annual Report




Cancer has no borders. Neither do we.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                      2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                 4


BUSINESS                                                                    8


RISK FACTORS                                                               43


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                         129


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        130


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                           153


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                   162


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                               229


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                              259


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                         264


DEFINITIONS                                                               349


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                               355




                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE


Executive Director                                                    Dr. Margaret Han Dugan (Chair)
                                                                      Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. John V. Oyler                                                     Mr. Qingqing Yi
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                      NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
Non-executive Director                                                  GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Dr. Xiaodong Wang
                                                                      Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chair) (Note 5)
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                      Dr. Alessandro Riva
                                                                      Ms. Shalini Sharp (Note 5)
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 1)
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
                                                                      SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
                                                                      Dr. Xiaodong Wang (Co-Chair)
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                                      Dr. Alessandro Riva (Co-Chair)
Dr. Alessandro Riva
                                                                      Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                                      Mr. Michael Goller
Ms. Shalini Sharp (Note 2)
                                                                      Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Qingqing Yi
                                                                      Mr. Qingqing Yi

AUDIT COMMITTEE


Ms. Shalini Sharp (Chair) (Note 3)
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 1)
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Note 4)

Notes:

*       On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The
        decision by Mr. Malley to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices
        of the Company. There is no matter in respect of Mr. Malley’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
        shareholders of the Company or HKEx. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the
        Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.

        On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed away and ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director
        and the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board.

1.      The relevant appointment with effect from January 23, 2024;

2.      The relevant appointment with effect from September 27, 2024;

3.      Appointed as a member of the Audit Committee effective September 27, 2024 and appointed as the Chair of the Audit
        Committee effective March 1, 2025;

4.      Ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025 but remains a member of the Audit
        Committee;

5.      The relevant appointment with effect from January 16, 2025;

6.      The relevant appointment with effect from March 19, 2024.


2         BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            CORPORATE INFORMATION


COMMERCIAL AND MEDICAL AFFAIRS                              LEGAL ADVISORS
  ADVISORY COMMITTEE
                                                            As to Hong Kong law and United States law
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chair)                               Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt   (Note 6)


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                                      As to PRC law
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                                        Fangda Partners
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
                                                            As to Cayman Islands law
COMPANY SECRETARY                                           Mourant Ozannes


                                                            HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCG, HKFCG) of
Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited
                                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                  Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
                                                            Hopewell Centre
                                                            183 Queen’s Road East
Mr. John V. Oyler
                                                            Wanchai, Hong Kong
Ms. Chau Hing Ling

                                                            PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
AUDITORS
                                                              TRANSFER OFFICE

As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
Ernst & Young, Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor    Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
                                                            94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay
As to United States financial reporting audit               Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Ernst & Young LLP                                           Cayman Islands


As to PRC financial reporting audit                         STOCK CODE
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
                                                            06160
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                            COMPANY WEBSITE
The offices of Mourant Governance Services
  (Cayman) Limited                                          www.beigene.com
94 Solaris Avenue
Camana Bay
Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Cayman Islands




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT          3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and projections about future events
and trends that may affect the business, financial condition, and operating results. All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including statements regarding our strategy, future
operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management
and expected growth, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements often include words such as,
but not limited to, “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,”
“may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” or the negative
of these terms or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements
about:

•    our ability to successfully commercialize our approved medicines and to obtain approvals in additional
     indications and territories for our medicines;


•    our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our in-licensed medicines and drug candidates and any
     other medicines and drug candidates we may in-license;


•    our ability to further develop sales and marketing capabilities and launch and commercialize new medicines, if
     approved;


•    our ability to maintain and expand regulatory approvals for our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the pricing and reimbursement of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and our research and
     development programs;




4        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to advance our drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and obtain regulatory
    approvals;


•   our reliance on the success of our clinical stage drug candidates;


•   our plans, expected milestones and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals;


•   the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, medicines, drug candidates and
    technology;


•   the scope of protection we (or our licensors) are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights
    covering our medicines, drug candidates and technology;


•   our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
    property rights and proprietary technology of third parties;


•   costs associated with enforcing or defending against intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or
    violation, product liability and other claims;


•   the regulatory environment and regulatory developments in the United States, China, the United Kingdom,
    Switzerland, the European Union and other jurisdictions in which we operate;


•   the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, including collaboration revenue, capital
    requirements and our need for additional financing;


•   the potential benefits of strategic collaboration and licensing agreements and our ability to enter into and
    maintain strategic arrangements;


•   our construction and operation of independent production facilities for small molecule medicines and large
    molecule biologics, as well as clinical R&D facilities, to support the global demand for both commercial and
    clinical supply;


•   our reliance on third parties to conduct drug development, manufacturing and other services;




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT             5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to manufacture and supply, or have manufactured and supplied, drug candidates for clinical
    development and medicines for commercial sale;


•   the rate and degree of market access and acceptance of our medicines and drug candidates, if approved;


•   developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies;


•   the size of the potential markets for our medicines and drug candidates and our ability to serve those markets;


•   our ability to effectively manage our growth;


•   our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;


•   statements regarding future revenue, key milestones, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements
    and share performance;


•   the future trading price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) listed on NASDAQ, our ordinary shares
    listed on HKEx, and our ordinary shares issued to permitted investors in China and listed and traded on the
    STAR in Renminbi (“RMB Shares”), as well as the impact of securities analysts’ reports on these prices;


•   anticipated timing and effects of the redomiciliation to Switzerland, including its tax treatment;


•   our expectations for our qualifying capital contribution reserves upon redomiciling to Switzerland; and


•   our anticipated name change, including the potential benefits and risks.




6    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


These statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those that are described in “Risk Factors” of this
annual report, that may cause actual future events or results to differ materially from those expected. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events
could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we
make. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about
future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We have
included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this annual report, particularly in “Risk Factors,”
that could cause actual future results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we
make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers,
dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make.


Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-
looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required by the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HK Listing Rules”), we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Statements
of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of the date of this annual report. Any
such intentions may change in light of future developments.

This annual report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe
these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to this information. All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by
reference to this cautionary statement.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             7
BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeiGene,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and
“our” refer to BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.


OVERVIEW


We are a leading global oncology company discovering and developing innovative treatments that are
more accessible and affordable to cancer patients worldwide. In 2024, we generated total global revenue of
approximately US$3.8 billion, increasing revenue by approximately US$1.4 billion from the prior year, while reducing
our operating loss from the prior year by approximately US$0.6 billion.


We are serial innovators in hematology and have built a differentiated, wholly-owned, franchise. This includes
a proven best-in-class Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase inhibitor (“BTKi”), BRUKINSA ®, and two late-stage assets,
sonrotoclax (“BCL2i”) and our first-in-class BTK-CDAC, both of which have the potential to be best-in-class
medicines.


BRUKINSA was designed for complete sustainable inhibition of BTK with the belief that this would improve patient
outcomes. This hypothesis was supported in the ALPINE trial, where BRUKINSA demonstrated sustained superior
efficacy and lower cardiac toxicity in an all-comers relapsed/refractory (“R/R”) chronic lymphocytic leukemia
(“CLL”) population against ibrutinib. BRUKINSA is the only BTKi to prove superior efficacy to ibrutinib. BRUKINSA
has the broadest label in the class, with U.S. approvals in CLL, mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”), Waldenström’s
macroglobulinemia (“WM”), marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) and follicular lymphoma (“FL”). In less than two
years from its first approval in CLL, and despite being the third entrant to the market, BRUKINSA has become the
leader in new patients starts in the U.S., in both frontline and R/R CLL, as well as all other approved indications.
BRUKINSA generated US$2.6 billion in sales in 2024, is approved in over 70 markets and remains in the early stage
of its launch in many key markets, including Europe, Japan, Korea and Brazil.


Sonrotoclax, our BCL2 inhibitor, is a selective BCL2i designed to have greater potency and selectivity, and potential
for better tolerability than venetoclax. Our clinical program for sonrotoclax has enrolled over 1,800 patients to date.
It is being tested in late-stage clinical trials with BRUKINSA, including as a fixed duration therapy in the Phase 3
CELESTIAL trial of BRUKINSA + sonrotoclax in 1L CLL, which is fully enrolled.


Our BTK-CDAC, which is designed to promote the degradation, of both wildtype and mutant forms of BTK,
including those that commonly result in resistance to BTK inhibitors in patients who experience progressive
disease, has enrolled over 500 patients and is the most advanced BTK degrader in the clinic. Data presented at the
American Society of Hematology (“ASH”) meeting in 2024 showed significant early efficacy signals and safety data
in a heavily pretreated population. We plan to initiate a Phase 3 head-to-head trial in 2025 against pirtobrutinib,
consistent with our strategy to develop medicines that have potential to meaningfully improve upon the current
practice of care. With these three differentiated and synergistic assets, we believe we are uniquely positioned to
provide the best solution for all CLL patients along their treatment journey and build a sustainable franchise in the
US$12 billion global CLL market.




8      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


We are a company built to address the long-lived challenges to return on investment in the pharmaceutical industry.
Clinical trials represent more than 75% of the total cost of bringing an oncology medicine to patients, yet the
industry continues to outsource this function to contract research organizations (“CROs”) at an ever-increasing
cost per patient. Regulatory policies such as Project Optimus, while well intended, lead to meaningful program
delays and increasing Phase 1 trial costs due to increased patient requirements and time. Increased competition
exists for nearly every validated target, and pricing reform, such as the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) in the U.S., is
placing direct and indirect pressure on innovators. Since inception, we have focused on building unique and hard
to replicate competitive advantages that address these industry-wide challenges. Most importantly, our internal
clinical team of approximately 3,700 colleagues across the globe allows us to break from the traditional CRO model
and develop medicines with greater speed and at a lower cost than many of our industry peers while maintaining
quality. This capability paired with our internal research and manufacturing capabilities enables a “fast to proof-of-
concept” (“PoC”) approach that can reduce time in early-stage development. We are innovating with intentionality
and building best in class combinations to win in the increasingly competitive commercial landscape.


We have a deep and innovative solid tumor pipeline. In 2024 alone, we advanced 13 differentiated new molecular
entities (“NMEs”) into the clinic, each of which have the potential to be first-in-class or best-in-class. Our intention is
to build depth in the most prevalent cancers, including breast/gynecologic, lung and gastrointestinal. We have main
PoC catalysts in the next six to eighteen months for key programs, including, our next-generation CDK4 inhibitor
and potentially first-in-class B7H4 antibody-drug conjugate (“ADC”) in breast/gynecologic cancers, potential best-
in-class pan-KRAS inhibitor in gastrointestinal (“GI”) cancer, differentiated mechanism of action (“MoA”) and first-
in-class EGFR-CDAC in lung cancer, as well as our synergistic and potentially best-in-class PRMT5 and MAT2A
inhibitors combination in lung cancer. We also have several exciting early stage assets, including CDK2i, B7H3
ADC, CEA-ADC, FGFR2b ADC, EGFRxMET TsAb, and IRAK4 CDAC.


Since our inception in 2010, we have become a fully integrated global organization with more than 11,000
employees worldwide.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT              9
BUSINESS


Our Holding Company Structure


We are a holding company currently incorporated in the Cayman Islands with operations primarily conducted
through our subsidiaries in the U.S., China, the UK, Switzerland, and Australia. The following diagram depicts a
summary of our corporate structure. Our corporate structure contains no variable interest entities. In 2024, we
announced plans to redomicile our holding company to Switzerland in 2025.


                                                                                                  BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                                                (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                                 NASDAQ: ONC;
                                                                                             HK: 06160; SSE: 688235




                                                         BeiGene UK, Ltd.                                                  BeiGene (Hong Kong)
                                                         (United Kingdom)                                                 Co., Limited (Hong Kong)




      Regional Operating Subsidiaries                                                      United States Operating       Mainland China Operating
   (Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada,           BeiGene Switzerland GmbH
                                                                                                 Subsidiaries         Subsidiaries (Beijing, Guangzhou,
  Chile, Colombia, Ireland, Israel, Japan,                (Switzerland)
                                                                                          (Delaware and New Jersey)        Shanghai and Suzhou)
 Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand,
 Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Thailand,
       Turkey and United Kingdom)


                                                  European and Other Operating
                                                             Subsidiaries
                                             (Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy,
                                               Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain,
                                                 Sweden, Switzerland and Taiwan)




10       BEIGENE, LTD.                 •     2024      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


OUR STRATEGY


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to address challenges in the
pharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients
around the world. We are uniquely built to address an increasingly challenged industry and improve R&D returns.


We have built a substantial global clinical team of approximately 3,700 people on six continents, allowing us to
run clinical trials predominantly without reliance on CROs. We believe independence from traditional CRO models
allows us to execute more cost-efficient development and achieve faster time to clinical proof-of-concept. It also
allows us to expand the reach of our clinical sites, which supports diverse participation and the collection of robust
data across all patient demographics. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical
trials is an important strategic competitive advantage and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical
industry.


We have built a highly productive and cost-effective oncology research teams with 1,100+ scientists, allowing us
to drive serial innovation to enable sustained market leadership. Our efforts have been validated by commercial
approvals, clinical data, and collaborations that have secured US$1.5 billion in collaboration payments to our
company. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis MoA, which has resulted in
multiple commercially approved medicines and a pipeline of wholly-owned assets with potential for combinations
and depth in key tumor types. We have invested in diverse technology platforms to pursue innovation, including
CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, and ADCs allowing us access to diverse
modalities and to advance science with urgency and agility. Our CDAC platform, in particular, offers a differentiated
approach from small molecules with its catalytic activity, higher barrier to resistance, and scaffold function
disruption, and we believe it has the potential to emerge as a best-in-class approach. Our research and innovation
capabilities are primed for discovering high-quality and impactful medicines for patients in a highly productive and
cost-effective way.


We have built a strong commercial portfolio, with BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA® driving global revenue.


Solidifying our Sustainable Hematology Franchise

Our hematology franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which is supported by a broad clinical program with over 7,100
patients enrolled in more than 30 countries and regions across more than 35 trials. We continue to solidify our
leadership in hematology, utilizing BRUKINSA as our cornerstone asset. We are focused on lifecycle management
to build a sustainable hematology franchise maximizing value for our company, shareholders and patients
globally. BRUKINSA has allowed us to build a strong franchise in hematology-oncology and we plan to solidify our
leadership in CLL with our wholly-owned, emerging best-in-class hematology pipeline consisting of sonrotoclax and
our BTK-CDAC, while amplifying our impact in other B-cell malignancies. We believe our BTK-CDAC combinations
with BRUKINSA and sonrotoclax show promise to meaningfully outperform fixed duration regimens in CLL, and our
three differentiated molecules offer potential best-in-disease combinations to cover the entire CLL patient spectrum
and insulate BeiGene from end-of-lifecycle pricing pressure.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT            11
BUSINESS


Expanding Access to Our PD-1 Inhibitor for Patients Worldwide and Building Global Commercial Capabilities
to Support Prolific Pipeline

Our solid tumor franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, TEVIMBRA®, which is currently approved
in the U.S., EU, China and other countries. We intend to expand TEVIMBRA’s global footprint through ongoing
submissions and approvals. We are also developing a high-concentration subcutaneous formulation of TEVIMBRA
which we believe will be competitive in global markets. With TEVIMBRA and the potentially best-in-class solid
tumor pipeline assets, we are well-positioned to build our solid tumor business and deliver innovative therapies and
combinations to patients.


We have a global commercial organization to deliver medicines to patients around the globe. We have
established commercial capabilities in key large commercial markets of the U.S., E.U and China, and continue
our rapid expansion of capabilities into Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions, driving the delivery
of highly effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe. This has enabled a geographically
diversified revenue mix and a truly global business.


Our business model is sustainable and results in strong global financial profile. We believe we are financially
well-positioned with cash and cash equivalents of US$2.6 billion as of December 31, 2024. Our product revenue
has grown 73% since 2023 from our current portfolio and cornerstone assets, which we expect to grow significantly
in 2025 and beyond. We significantly reduced our U.S.GAAP operating losses and achieved non-GAAP operating
income for the first time for fiscal year 2024. We generated positive cash flows from operations for the first time
in both the third and fourth quarters of 2024 after years of using cash in our operations. We will continue to be
thoughtful and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and consistent with previous collaborations, we will actively
explore partnerships that strengthen our business. We are committed to generating long-term value for our
shareholders.




12     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                 BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL AND REGISTRATION STAGE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes the status of our commercial products as of February 27, 2025:


                                                                                         BEIGENE COMMERCIAL
PRODUCT                         MECHANISM OF ACTION         REGULATORY STATUS            RIGHTS                 PARTNER

BRUKINSA                        BTK inhibitor               Approved in 73 markets,      Global                 N/A
                                                            incl. U.S., China, EU,
                                                            Japan, and other markets

TEVIMBRA                        Anti-PD-1 antibody          Approved in 45 markets,      Global                 N/A
                                                            incl. U.S., EU, China, and
                                                            other markets

PARTRUVIX                       PARP inhibitor              Approved in China            Global                 N/A

XGEVA                           Anti-RANK ligand antibody   Approved in China            Mainland China         Amgen

BLINCYTO                        Anti-CD19 x anti-CD3        Approved in China            Mainland China         Amgen
                                bispecific T-cell engager
                                (BiTE)

KYPROLIS                        Proteasome inhibitor        Approved in China            Mainland China         Amgen

SYLVANT                         IL-6 antagonist             Approved in China            Greater China          EUSA Pharma

QARZIBA                         Anti-GD2 antibody           Approved in China            Mainland China         EUSA Pharma

POBEVCY® (Avastin biosimilar)   Anti-VEGF antibody          Approved in China            Greater China          Bio-Thera

BAITUOWEI® (goserelin           Gonadotropin-releasing      Approved in China            Mainland China         Luye
microspheres for injection)     hormone (GnRH) agonist                                                          Pharmaceutical

TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)          BRAF inhibitor              Approved in China            China Broad Markets1   Novartis


MEKINIST® (trametinib)          MEK inhibitor               Approved in China            China Broad Markets1   Novartis


VOTRIENT® (pazopanib)           VEGFR inhibitor             Approved in China            China Broad Markets1   Novartis


AFINITOR® (everolimus)          mTOR inhibitor              Approved in China            China Broad Markets1   Novartis


ZYKADIA® (ceritinib)            ALK inhibitor               Approved in China            China Broad Markets1   Novartis

1.     Rights to promote and market in China’s broad markets pursuant to a Market Development Agreement with an affiliate of
       Novartis Pharma AG.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024       ANNUAL REPORT           13
BUSINESS


Abbreviations: ALK = anaplastic lymphoma kinase; BRAF = B-rapidly accelerated fibrosarcoma; MEK = mitogen-
activated protein kinase (MAPK)/Extracellular-signal regulated kinase (ERK); mTOR = Mammalian target of
rapamycin; VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor


Please see the section of this annual report titled “Management Discussion and Analysis” for revenue by product.


We commercialize the following internally developed cancer medicines:


BRUKINSA

Market Opportunity


Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and Hodgkin’s lymphoma. In 2024, global revenues for BTK inhibitors
were over US$10 billion according to company reported financials. Global revenues are projected to be more
than US$15 billion in 2028, according to published reports. Please see the section of this annual report titled
“Management Discussion and Analysis” for BRUKINSA net revenue generated in 2023 and 2024.


BRUKINSA


BRUKINSA is a next-generation, oral, small molecule inhibitor of BTK designed to deliver complete and
sustained inhibition of the BTK protein by optimizing bioavailability, half-life, and selectivity. With differentiated
pharmacokinetics compared with other approved BTK inhibitors, BRUKINSA has been demonstrated to inhibit the
proliferation of malignant B cells within a number of disease-relevant tissues. BRUKINSA has the broadest label
globally of any BTK inhibitor and is the only BTK inhibitor to provide the flexibility of once or twice daily dosing.


We are marketing BRUKINSA in the U.S., Europe, China, the UK, Canada, Australia, Japan, Brazil, and other
markets.


BRUKINSA has approvals in five indications, including CLL/SLL, WM, R/R MCL, R/R MZL, R/R FL and is approved
in more than 70 countries.


In the U.S., BRUKINSA received accelerated approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for MCL
in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy in November 2019. It was then approved for patients
with WM based on a head-to-head study vs ibrutinib, followed by an accelerated approval in R/R MZL patients who
have received at least one anti-CD20-based regimen. In January 2023, BRUKINSA was approved for the treatment
of adult patients with CLL or SLL in both the treatment naive and relapsed setting based on two Phase 3 studies.
BRUKINSA is the only BTKi to demonstrate progression-free survival (“PFS”) superiority to ibrutinib in R/R CLL/SLL
in all patient segments, including high-risk (17p/TP53). In March 2024, BRUKINSA received accelerated approval
from the FDA for R/R FL in combination with obinutuzumab.




14     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


In Europe, BRUKINSA received approval from the European Commission (“EC”) for the treatment of adult patients
with WM who have received at least one prior therapy or for the first-line treatment of patients unsuitable for
chemo-immunotherapy, as well as for the treatment of patients with R/R MZL and for the treatment of patients with
CLL. In November 2023, the EC approved BRUKINSA in combination with obinutuzumab for the treatment of adult
patients with R/R FL who have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy. BRUKINSA is now approved to
treat more patient populations in Europe than any other BTK inhibitor.


In China, BRUKINSA has received approval from the China National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”)
for treatment-naïve adults with CLL or SLL, treatment-naïve adults with WM, R/R CLL/SLL, TN & R/R WM, and
conditional approval for adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. Currently, all
approved indications for BRUKINSA are included in the updated National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) by the
China National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”).


BRUKINSA received approval in Japan for WM and CLL/SLL in December 2024.


TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab)

Market Opportunity


Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody medicines had revenues of approximately US$45 billion in 2024 based
on public reports. The 2024 China PD-1/L1 market (net revenue) was approximately US$3.4 billion.


Global revenues are projected to be approximately US$50 billion in 2025 and will increase through 2028, according
to published reports, driven by multiple factors including indication expansion, approvals and adoptions in earlier
lines of therapies, further market penetration, and extension of duration of therapy.


TEVIMBRA


TEVIMBRA is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor programmed cell
death protein 1 (“PD-1”) that we specifically designed to minimize binding to Fc receptor gamma (“FcγR”), which is
believed to play an essential role in activating phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T
effector cells.


Tislelizumab is approved in China in fourteen indications:


•     for neoadjuvant treatment in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy and for adjuvant treatment as
      monotherapy after surgery in patients with resectable stage II or III non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”);


•     for first-line treatment for patients with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer in combination with etoposide
      and platinum chemotherapy;


•     for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or
      gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression in combination with fluoropyrimidine
      and platinum chemotherapy;



                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT             15
BUSINESS


•     for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC in
      combination with chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC,
      with epidermal growth factor receptor (“EGFR”) genomic tumor aberrations negative and anaplastic lymphoma
      kinase (“ALK”) genomic tumor negative in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy;


•     for second- or third-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC who progressed on
      prior platinum-based chemotherapy;


•     for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
      (“ESCC”) who have disease progression following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC in combination with
      chemotherapy;


•     for first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal cancer (“NPC”);


•     for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”);


•     for the treatment of patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma who have received Sorafenib, Lenvatinib
      or systemic chemotherapy containing Oxaliplatin;


•     conditional approval for the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma (“cHL”) who received at
      least two prior lines of systemic chemotherapy regimens;


•     conditional approval for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma
      (“UC”) with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing
      chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing
      chemotherapy; and


•     conditional approval for patients with previously treated, locally advanced unresectable or metastatic
      microsatellite instability-high (“MSI-H”) or mismatch repair-deficient (“dMMR”) solid tumors.


Full approval for those indications listed as having conditional approval is contingent upon results from ongoing
confirmatory clinical trials.


Tislelizumab was included in the NRDL in 2020 for cHL and UC, in 2021 for non-squamous NSCLC, squamous
NSCLC and HCC, in 2022 for locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, MSI-H solid tumors, locally advanced or
metastatic ESCC following progression or intolerance to prior first-line chemotherapy, and first-line recurrent or
metastatic NPC, and in 2023 for first-line locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal
junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression and first-line unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or
metastatic ESCC.




16      BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


In Europe, the EC has approved TEVIMBRA in six indications:


•    for first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic ESCC whose
     tumors express PD-L1 with a tumor area positivity (“TAP”) score > 5%, in combination with platinum-based
     chemotherapy;


•    as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable, recurrent, locally advanced
     or metastatic ESCC after prior chemotherapy;


•    for the first-line treatment of adult patients with non-squamous NSCLC, whose tumors have PDL1 expression
     on > 50% of tumor cells with no EGFR or ALK positive mutations and who have locally advanced NSCLC
     and are not candidates for surgical resection or platinum-based chemoradiation, or metastatic NSCLC, in
     combination with pemetrexed and platinum-containing chemotherapy;


•    for the first-line treatment of adult patients with squamous non-small cell lung cancer who have: locally
     advanced NSCLC and are not candidates for surgical resection or platinum-based chemoradiation, or
     metastatic NSCLC in combination with carboplatin and either paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel;


•    as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small
     cell lung cancer after prior platinum-based therapy; and


•    for the first-line treatment of adult patients with HER-2-negative locally advanced unresectable or metastatic
     gastric or gastroesophageal junction (“G/GEJ”) adenocarcinoma whose tumors express PD L1 with a TAP
     score > 5%, in combination with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy.


In the U.S., the FDA has approved TEVIMBRA as a treatment for adult patients with unresectable or metastatic
ESCC after prior systemic therapy that did not include a PD-(L)1 inhibitor and as the first-line treatment of
unresectable or metastatic HER2-negative G/GEJ in adults whose tumors express PD-L1 (≥1) in combination with
platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy. Additionally, one Biologics License Application (“BLAs”) for
TEVIMBRA is under review for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced, or metastatic
ESCC.


In Japan, one Japanese New Drug Application (“J-NDA”) is under review by the Pharmaceuticals and Medical
Devices Agency (“PMDA”) for first- and second-line treatment of ESCC.


We have received regulatory approvals for TEVIMBRA marketing applications in multiple geographies, including the
EU (comprising 27 countries plus Iceland and Norway) and 16 countries across North America, Europe, APAC, and
other markets.


In-Licensed Products from Amgen

We are currently commercializing the following cancer medicines in China under an exclusive license from Amgen:




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT           17
BUSINESS


XGEVA ®

XGEVA (denosumab) is an antibody-based RANK ligand (“RANKL”) inhibitor that was approved globally for the
prevention of skeletal-related events (“SREs”) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and in patients
with multiple myeloma (“MM”), and for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents with giant cell
tumor of bone (“GCTB”). XGEVA is approved in over 70 countries worldwide. In China, XGEVA received conditional
approval in the GCTB indication in May 2019 (converted to regular approval) and received conditional approval for
the SRE indications in November 2020. We began marketing XGEVA in China in July 2020. In December 2020, we
announced the inclusion of XGEVA in the NRDL for the treatment of GCTB, which was successfully renewed for
inclusion in 2023. Beginning in January 2024, the SRE indication was also included in the NRDL.


BLINCYTO ®

BLINCYTO (blinatumomab), a bispecific CD-19 directed CD3 T-cell engager, is the first and only approved bi-
specific T-cell engager (“BiTE”) immunotherapy. It has been approved in 60 countries for use in patients with acute
lymphoblastic leukemia (“ALL”). In China, BLINCYTO received conditional approval as a treatment for adult patients
with R/R ALL in December 2020 (converted to regular approval) and was conditionally approved in April 2022 for
pediatric patients with R/R B-cell precursor ALL. We began commercializing BLINCYTO in August 2021.


KYPROLIS ®

KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), a proteasome inhibitor, has been approved in over 60 countries for use in patients with R/R
MM. It was approved in China as a treatment for patients with R/R MM in July 2021 and we began commercializing
KYPROLIS in January 2022. KYPROLIS was included on the NRDL beginning in March 2023 for its approved
indication in China.


In-Licensed Products from BMS

As part of our settlement agreement with BMS, our commercialization of the following cancer medicines licensed
from BMS terminates as of February 2025:


•    REVLIMID® (lenalidomide), an oral immunomodulatory medicine


•    VIDAZA® (azacitidine for injection), a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects
     of DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression.


Other In-Licensed Products

We commercialize the following medicines in China under an exclusive license from EUSA Pharma:




18     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


SYLVANT ®

SYLVANT (siltuximab), an interleukin-6 (“IL-6”) antagonist, was approved as a treatment for patients with idiopathic
multicentric Castleman disease (“iMCD”) who are human immunodeficiency virus (“HIV”) negative and human
herpesvirus-8 (“HHV-8”) negative. SYLVANT was approved in China in December 2021 for the treatment of adult
patients with multicentric Castleman disease (“MCD”) who are HIV negative and HHV-8 negative, also known as
iMCD. Beginning in January 2024, Sylvant was included in the NRDL.


QARZIBA ®▼

QARZIBA (dinutuximab beta), a mouse-human chimeric monoclonal GD2 antibody, was granted conditional
approval by the NMPA for the treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above
who have previously received induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as patients with a history of R/R neuroblastoma with or
without residual disease. We began commercializing QARZIBA in December 2021.


We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Bio-Thera:


POBEVCY ® (BAT1706)

POBEVCY is a biosimilar to Avastin (bevacizumab) developed by Bio-Thera Solutions, Ltd., a commercial-stage
biopharmaceutical company located in Guangzhou, China. In China, Avastin is approved for the treatment of
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, NSCLC, glioblastoma, ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal, and
cervical cancers.


POBEVCY was approved by the NMPA in China in November 2021 and launched in late 2021 for the treatment
of patients with advanced, metastatic or recurrent NSCLC, metastatic colorectal cancer, recurrent glioblastoma,
epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer and cervical cancer.


We have acquired the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize POBEVCY in China, including Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan.


We commercialize the following product in China under an exclusive license from Luye Pharmaceutical:


BAITUOWEI ® (goserelin microspheres for injection)

Baituowei (Goserelin Microspheres for Injection), developed by Luye Pharmaceutical, is the world’s first and only
approved microsphere formulation of Goserelin. With its innovative microsphere formulation, Baituowei is able to
ensure efficacy and safety while significantly improving patient experience. Baituowei was approved by the NMPA
in China in June 2023 for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer requiring androgen deprivation therapy
and included in the NRDL in 2023 and was approved by the NMPA in China in September 2023 for treating breast
cancer in premenopausal and perimenopausal women that can be treated with hormones and included in the NRDL
in 2024.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT         19
BUSINESS


Reimbursement and Market Access


Our sales are largely dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement by third party payors.
In many markets these third parties are government health systems and in some markets, such as the U.S., there
are also private payors such as private health insurers and health systems. As of December 31, 2024, we have
commercialized our products in over 60 markets.


In the U.S., most health insurance coverage is provided by private insurers, often accessed via employer-sponsored
plans, and the two main public insurance programs, Medicare and Medicaid. All three types of programs usually
have some type of coverage for pharmaceutical products. There is no central list of covered pharmaceuticals in the
U.S., as there is no single payer system. As such, the prices paid for pharmaceuticals in the U.S. can vary.


We offer patient assistance programs in the U.S. under our myBeiGene program. This program seeks to enhance
access to BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA by assisting with obtaining reimbursement, co-pay assistance when allowed,
temporary supply of free product for insurance delays, and free product assistance for some uninsured and
underinsured patients. The programs also seek to support patients and caregivers by providing education and
information about BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA and their approved indications, nurse advocates, and connecting
patients to sources of support such as support groups and transportation/lodging assistance.


In China, there is one main payor, the government’s national health care coverage system, which provides Basic
Medical Insurance to the majority (greater than 95%) of China’s approximately 1.4 billion people. There are three
types of coverage plans in China at the national level that depend on if a resident lives in an urban or rural setting
and if they are employed. The different plans have different characteristics in terms of how the plan is paid for and
what it covers. Coverage and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals in China comes under the purview of the NHSA,
which oversees the NRDL. The NRDL is composed of three lists. The ‘A’ and ‘B’ list are commonly referred to as
the ‘regular’ lists. The A list generally includes older, off-patent medicines, while the B list generally includes newer
medicines, some with remaining patent protection, which are reimbursed at a lower rate compared to the A list. In
2017, a third list was added to the system, often referred to as the ‘C’ list or the ‘negotiation’ list. This list generally
includes newer innovative medicines which are accepted on the list after successful negotiation between the NHSA
and the company. Typically, inclusion on the C list is accompanied by a discount to the prevailing list price in
China for the medicine at the time of inclusion. The NRDL price for a medicine is its prevailing price in China, but
the actual reimbursement rate that is used can be modified at the provincial level. Innovatively, in the 2022 NRDL,
a price bidding process for non-exclusive drugs was undertaken on the C list to set the national reimbursement
price benchmark. As additional indications are included in the NRDL, the price of the medicine is reduced to reflect
increased patient demand as a result of NRDL inclusion.




20     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Several of our medicines are listed on the NRDL. In the latest NRDL list announced in November 2024, the following
medicines and indications have been included in the NRDL, effective January 1, 2025:


•    Tislelizumab in thirteen of its eligible approved indications:


     –     As a first-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic HCC (approved in December 2023
           and included in the NRDL at the end of 2024);


     –     In combination with etoposide and platinum chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for patients with
           extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) (approved in June 2024 and included in the NRDL at
           the end of 2024);


     –     In combination with fluoropyrimidine and platinum chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients
           with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma
           (approved in April 2024 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2024)1;


     –     In combination with paclitaxel plus platinum- or fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-based chemotherapy,
           for the first-line treatment of patients with unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic ESCC
           (approved in May 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023);


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC with
           EGFR genomic tumor aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative and have progressed after
           or did not tolerate prior platinum-based chemotherapy; and of adult patients with locally advanced or
           metastatic squamous NSCLC, with EGFR and ALK negative or unknown, that have progressed after or
           did not tolerate of prior platinum-based chemotherapy (approved in December 2021 and included in the
           NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with advanced unresectable or metastatic MSI-H or dMMR solid
           tumors: patients with advanced colorectal cancer (CRC) who had been treated fluoropyrimidines,
           oxaliplatin and irinotecan; patients with other advanced solid tumors who develop disease progression
           after prior treatment and have no satisfactory alternative treatment options (approved in March 2022 and
           included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


     –     For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ESCC who have disease progression
           following or are intolerant to first-line standard chemotherapy (approved in April 2022 and included in
           the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);


     –     In combination with Gemcitabine and cisplatin, as first-line treatment in patients with recurrent or
           metastatic NPC (approved in June 2022 and included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023);



1    The indication is an expansion of the previous indication “In combination with fluoropyrimidine- and platinum-based
     chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric or
     gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma with high PD-L1 expression”, which was approved in February 2023 and
     included in the NRDL at the end of 2023.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT             21
BUSINESS


     –     For use in combination with pemetrexed and platinum chemotherapy as a first-line treatment in patients
           with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC, with EGFR genomic tumor
           aberrations negative and ALK genomic tumor negative (approved in June 2021 and included in the
           NRDL in 2021);


     –     For the treatment of patients with HCC who have been previously received Sorafenib, Lenvatinib or
           systemic chemotherapy containing Oxaliplatin (conditionally approved in June 2021 and included in the
           NRDL in 2021);


     –     For use in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin as a first-line treatment in patients with
           unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic squamous NSCLC (approved in January 2021 and included
           in the NRDL in 2021);


     –     For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC with PD-L1 high expression whose
           disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of
           neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy (conditionally approved in
           April 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020); and


     –     For the treatment of patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies (conditionally
           approved in December 2019 and included in the NRDL in 2020).


•    BRUKINSA in all four of its approved indications:


     –     In combination with obinutuzumab, for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory
           follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy (approved in May
           2024 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2024);


     –     For the treatment of patients with CLL or SLL (approved in April 2023 and included in the NRDL at the
           end of 2023)2;


     –     For the treatment of patients with WM (approved in April 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of
           2023)3; and


     –     For the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy (conditionally
           approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020).




2    The indication included “both treatment-naïve patients and adult patients with CLL/SLL who have received at least one prior
     therapy”. “For the treatment of adult patients with CLL/SLL who have received at least one prior therapy” was conditionally
     approved in June 2020 and included in the NRDL in 2020.


3    The indication included “both treatment-naïve patients and adult patients with WM who have received at least one prior
     therapy”. “For the treatment of adult patients with WM who have received at least one prior therapy” was conditionally
     approved in June 2021 and included in the NRDL in 2021; converted to regular approval in 2023.




22       BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


•    BAITUOWEI in both of its eligible approved indication:


     –     For the treatment of patients with breast cancer in premenopausal and perimenopausal women that can
           be treated with hormone therapy (approved in September, 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of
           2024);


     –     For the treatment of patients with prostate cancer requiring androgen deprivation therapy (approved in
           June 2023 and included in the NRDL at the end of 2023).


•    KYPROLIS successfully renewed its approved indication in October 2024:


     –     In combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple
           myeloma who have received at least two lines of therapy, including proteasome inhibitor and
           immunomodulator (approved in July 2021 and included in the NRDL at the beginning of 2023).


In 2018, China started a new program to centrally purchase non-exclusive medicines for the nation’s health care
system called “volume-based procurement,” or “group purchasing organization” or “4+7” when the program was
first piloted in 11 major cities. After the 2018 pilot program, it was implemented nationally in 2019. It is a tender-
based system that provides guaranteed volume for lowered pricing. Participation in the program requires a
product to have passed a generic quality consistency evaluation, which in turn requires passing a bioequivalence
comparison to the reference listed drug (“RLD”). The system offers a major portion of a market’s volume to winning
bidders. More than one company can win a given tender, and more guaranteed volume is awarded as more bidders
win. The system is still evolving and, as such, the exact terms of how many bidders win and what amount of volume
is won and at what price are also evolving.


It is common in China for pharmaceutical companies to employ patient assistance programs to help patients afford
their innovative medicines. These programs have typically been offered to patients who are self-paying. A typical
program provides a certain number of free doses to patients after a certain number of doses have been paid for.
Usually, these programs end when a medicine is included in the NRDL. We offer these types of patient assistance
programs to our patients.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT            23
BUSINESS


OUR PIPELINE PRODUCTS


The following table summarizes our pipeline as of February 27, 2025:

                            Phase 1                                           Phase 2                          Phase 3                          Registration

Sonrotoclax            BCL2i      BGB-16673        BTK CDAC       Zanubrutinib              BTKi     Zanubrutinib               BTKi Zanubrutinib                BTKi
  101 B-cell malignancies          101 B-cell malignancies           215 B-cell malignancies           306 TN MCL                       114 Tablet formulation
  102 B-cell malignancies          102 B-cell malignancies           218 CD79B R/R DLBCL               308 R/R MZL, R/R FL              (US, EU, Others)
  103 AML/MDS                      104 B-cell malignancies                                             309 pMN                        Tislelizumab         PD1 mAb
  105 MM t (11;14)                                                BGB-16673            BTK CDAC                                         312 1L ES-SCLC (EU)
  108 Dose ramp-up                                                   101 R/R CLL                     Sonrotoclax             BCL2i      315 Neo/adj NSCLC (EU)
                                                                     102 R/R CLL                       301 TN CLL                       306 1L ESCC (US, JP)
                                  BGB-21447            BCL2i 2G                                                                         302 2L ESCC (JP)
                                                                                                       302 R/R MCL†
                                   101 B-cell malignancies                                                                              302 2L ESCC alt dosing (US)
BGB-43395             CDK4i                                       Sonrotoclax              BCL2i
                                   102 Metastatic breast cancer                                                                         309 1L NPC (EU)
  101/102 BC & Solid tumors                                          201 R/R MCL                     Tislelizumab        PD1 mAb
                                                                     202 R/R CLL                       310 1L UBC
                                                   STEAP1 x          203 R/R WM
                                  Xaluritamig4                                                         314 R/R cHL                    Zanidatamab6 HER2 BsAb
                                                  CD3 XmAb®          204 TN CLL/SLL                                                     203 HER2+ 2L BTC (CN)
BGB-53038         PanKRASi         20180146 mCRPC
  101 Solid tumors                                                                                   Pamiparib               PARPi
                                                                                                       302 2L MTx gBRCAm PSOC
                                  BGB-R046       IL-15 prodrug                 CD3 x CD19
                                   101 Solid tumors                                4
BG-C9074    1
                  B7H4 ADC                                        Blinatumomab       BiTE®           Ociperlimab       TIGIT mAb
  101 Solid tumors                                                   20190359 Pediatric R/R BP-ALL     302 1L NSCLC PDL1-high
                                                      GPC3 x
                                  BGB-B2033       4-1BB BsAb
BG-60366        EGFR CDAC          101 Solid tumors               LBL-0075             LAG3 mAb      Zanidatamab6 HER2 BsAb
  101 Solid tumors                                                   201 MSS-CRC                       301 1L HER2+ GEA
                                                                     202 1L ESCC
                                                MUC1 x
                 MTA Coop.        BGB-B3227 CD16A BsAb
                                   101 Solid tumors               BGB-A445             OX40 mAb
BG-58067           PRMT5i                                                                                             DLL3 x CD3
                                                                     201 Melanoma, UC
  101 Solid tumors                                                                                   Tarlatamab4           BiTE®
                                  BGB-15025               HPK1i                                        20210004 2L SCLC
                                   101 Solid tumors               Umbrella Studies IO Combos           20200041 1L ES-SCLC
                                                                     LC-201 1L NSCLC                   20230016 LS-SCLC
BG-898942            MAT2Ai                                          LC-202 Neoadj NSCLC
  101 Solid tumors                BGB-26808               HPK1i
                                   101 Solid tumors                  HNSCC-201 1L HNSCC


BGB-45035 IRAK4 CDAC              BGB-30813              DGKζi
  101 Immunology & Inflammation                                                     DLL3 x CD3
                                   101 Solid tumors
                                                                  Tarlatamab4            BiTE®
                                                                     20230273 3L SCLC
BG-685013             CDK2i       BGB-A3055        CCR8 mAb
  101 BC & Solid tumors            101 Solid tumors


                                  BGB-24714 SMAC mimetic
BG-C354           B7H3 ADC         101 Solid tumors
  101 Solid tumors

                                  Tislelizumab         PD1 mAb
BG-C477            CEA ADC         103 SubQ formulation
  101 Solid tumors
                                                        CLDN6 x
BG-C137         FGFR2b ADC         BGB-B455            CD3 BsAb
  101 Solid tumors                 101 Solid tumors†




                   EGFR x
BG-T187           MET TsAb
  101 Solid tumors



                                                                                                            Heme           Breast/Gyn           Pan-Tumor/Other


                                                                                                            Lung           Gl                   Non-Oncology



Registration includes select accepted submissions in major markets.
† Trial is listed on clinicaltrials.gov but may not have subjects enrolled.
1. Duality Bio collaboration. 2. CSPC collaboration. 3. Ensem collaboration. 4. Amgen collaboration. 5. Leads Biolabs collaboration. 6. Zymeworks/Jazz collaboration.




24        BEIGENE, LTD.               •     2024         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                    BUSINESS


The following table summarizes the status of our in-licensed drug candidates as of February 27, 2025:


        Partner                  Molecule/Asset                     Indications               Phase           Commercial Rights
                      Tarlatamab ^                       SCLC                                Phase 3     China
        Amgen
                      Xaluritamig                        Prostate cancer                     Phase 1     China
                      Zanidatamab † + chemo +            GEA                                 Phase 3     Asia, Australia, New Zealand
      Zymeworks       Tislelizumab
                      Zanidatamab † (monotherapy)        BTC                                 Phase 2     Asia, Australia, New Zealand
     SpringWorks      BGB-32451                          Solid tumors                        Phase 1     Ex-Asia plus Japan
         Pfizer       SEA-CD70                           MDS, AML                            Phase 1     Asia, Australia, New Zealand
       DualityBio     BG-C9074/DB1312                    BC, EC, OC, CCA, sqNSCLC            Phase 1a    Global
                      CDK2i                              Breast cancer and other solid       Phase 1     Global
        Ensem
                                                         tumors
        CSPC          MAT2Ai                             Solid tumors                        Phase 1     Global

^ Half-life extended BiTE®; † ZW25; 1 By MapKure, a JV with SpringWorks


Abbreviations: AML = acute myelogenous leukemia; BC = breast cancer; BTC = biliary tract cancers; GEA = gastroesophageal
adenocarcinoma; MDS = myelodysplastic syndromes; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; SCLC = small cell lung cancer; EC =
endometrial cancer; OC = ovarian cancer; CCA = cholangiocarcinoma


OUR COMMERCIAL- AND CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


A description of our commercial- and clinical-stage drug candidates and clinical data from selected clinical trials
is set forth below. Historically, we have made available, and we intend to continue to make available, clinical data
and/or topline results from clinical trials of our drug candidates in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”), and the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”), copies of which are available on the Investors section of our website.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.             •   2024       ANNUAL REPORT              25
BUSINESS


Hematology
BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib), a BTK Inhibitor


We are currently evaluating zanubrutinib in a broad pivotal clinical program globally to treat a number of B-cell
malignancies. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood, bone
marrow and lymph node compartments in patients. Zanubrutinib is the only BTK inhibitor to demonstrate superior
progression-free survival in R/R CLL versus IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), an approved BTK inhibitor.


Clinical Development Updates and Regulatory Status

The global BRUKINSA clinical development program includes over 7,100 patients enrolled in more than 30
countries and regions across more than 35 trials. BRUKINSA is approved in more than 70 markets, and more than
180,000 patients have been treated globally.


Five-year follow-up results from cohort 1 of the Phase 3 SEQUOIA study showed sustained PFS benefit (54-month
PFS rate of 80%) with BRUKINSA in an all-comer population of patients with treatment-naïve (“TN”) CLL or SLL,
with no new safety signals observed; detailed data were presented at the annual ASH 2024 conference.


Five-year follow-up data of BOVen (zanubrutinib, obinutuzumab, venetoclax) study in TN CLL demonstrated
frequent unmeasurable minimal residual disease (“uMRD”) in peripheral blood (96%) and bone marrow (92%), and
uMRD was durable with a median MRD-free survival of 34 months; detailed data were presented at the ASH 2024
conference.


Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that BRUKINSA has a best-in-class profile, we have initiated broad
global pivotal programs in multiple indications, which led to regulatory approvals of five indications globally. Current
ongoing Phase 3 studies include:


•    MANGROVE: A Randomized Global Study Comparing Zanubrutinib Plus Rituximab vs. Bendamustine Plus
     Rituximab in subjects With Previously Untreated Mantle Cell Lymphoma Who Are Ineligible for Stem Cell
     Transplantation (MCL) (NCT04002297).


•    MAHOGANY: Zanubrutinib Plus Obinutuzumab vs Lenalidomide plus Rituximab in Relapsed/Refractory
     Follicular Lymphoma (FL) (NCT05100862).


We are also investigating zanubrutinib in several combination studies in MCL, MZL and CLL/SLL, including a Phase
3 trial in combination with sonrotoclax in front-line CLL/SLL. We continue to examine opportunities for zanubrutinib
combinations with both sonrotoclax and our BTK-CDAC (BGB-16673).


We continue to pursue regulatory approvals for BRUKINSA globally, including regulatory approval of a new tablet
formulation, providing patients with more convenience and flexibility.




26     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


Sonrotoclax (BGB-11417), a Small Molecule Bcl-2 Inhibitor


Our differentiated BCL2 inhibitor, sonrotoclax, was intentionally designed to have higher potency and selectivity
compared to venetoclax, with a shorter half-life and no accumulation. We believe that efficacy signals and safety
data from more than 1,800 patients enrolled by December 2024 in different indications and in different combinations
continue to support the pre-clinical best-in-class promise.


Multiple trials with registration potential have completed enrollment or are nearing complete enrollment. Single-
arm Phase 2 trials of sonrotoclax monotherapy in R/R MCL (NCT05471843) and R/R CLL/SLL (NCT05479994) have
completed enrollment. Enrollment for Phase 2 trial in R/R WM (NCT05952037) is ongoing.


Our first Phase 3 randomized study in TN-CLL, CELESTIAL-TN CLL (NCT06073821), investigating sonrotoclax +
BRUKINSA vs. venetoclax + obinutuzumab completed enrollment in Q1 2025. A Phase 2 study (NCT06637501)
investigating sonrotoclax + BRUKINSA vs. BRUKINSA to support TN-CLL registration for contribution of
components has also started enrollment.


Clinical data of a Phase 1 trial investigating TN-CLL/SLL (NCT04277637) was presented at ASH 2024. Sonrotoclax
in combination with BRUKINSA continued to show very promising efficacy signals and a generally favorable safety
profile in patients with TN CLL/SLL, especially deep and durable levels of undetectable MRD, and no laboratory or
clinical tumor lysis syndrome (“TLS”), which is a key differentiator for our combination.


With these encouraging results, our BCL2 inhibitor sonrotoclax program is steadily progressing at the pivotal stage.
Additional pivotal development activities in R/R MCL and R/R CLL are under way.


BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted CDAC


BGB-16673 is an orally available, brain-penetrating BTK targeting chimeric degradation activation compound
(“CDAC”) designed to promote the degradation, or breakdown, of both wildtype and mutant forms of BTK, including
those that commonly result in resistance to BTK inhibitors in patients who experience progressive disease. BGB-
16673 is the most advanced BTK degrader in the clinic, with more than 500 patients treated to date across the
global clinical development program. The FDA granted Fast Track Designation to BGB-16673 for the treatment of
adult patients with R/R CLL/SLL who have been previously treated with at least two prior lines of therapy, including
BTKi and BCL2 inhibitor, and adult patients with R/R MCL.


Data from the Phase 1/2 CaDAnCe-101 CLL study (NCT05006716) was presented at ASH 2024 and demonstrated
that treatment with BGB-16673 was generally well tolerated in this heavily pretreated population of patients.
Promising antitumor activity was observed in patients with high-risk features, including in patients with BTK
inhibitor-resistant mutations and those previously exposed to covalent BTK inhibitors, non-covalent BTK inhibitors,
and BCL2 inhibitors. No atrial fibrillation was observed in either the CLL/SLL or WM cohorts.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT        27
BUSINESS


•    From the cohort of CLL/SLL patients, BGB-16673 demonstrated an ORR of 94% at the 200mg dose.
     Furthermore, amongst all doses delivered, 2 patients achieved a complete remission/complete remission with
     incomplete count recovery (CR/CRi). Grade ≥3 TEAEs were reported in 57% of patients. The most common
     grade ≥3 TEAEs (≥10%) were neutropenia/neutrophil count decreased (20%) and pneumonia (10%). (Abstract
     885)


•    From the cohort of Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia patients, BGB-16673 demonstrated a 93% disease
     control rate (DCR) and 26% very good partial response (VGPR). Grade ≥3 TEAEs were reported in 45% of
     patients. The most common grade ≥3 TEAE (≥20%) was neutropenia/neutrophil count decreased. (Abstract
     860)


Phase 2 expansion in R/R CLL with pivotal intent has commenced and a confirmatory Phase 3 study is planned for
early 2025. In addition, we have announced intent to conduct a study comparing BGB-16673 to pirtobrutinib (ncBTKi
with accelerated approval in R/R MCL and R/R CLL/SLL) and will work with health authorities to initiate this Phase
3 study.


Solid Tumors
TEVIMBRA (tislelizumab), an anti-PD-1 Antibody


Tislelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 that has been
evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally and for which we plan to commence additional pivotal trials in combination
with standard of care to treat various solid and hematological cancers.


Clinical Development Updates and Regulatory Status

We have completed more than fourteen registration-enabling clinical trials in lung, liver, lymphoma, urothelial
carcinoma, and nasopharyngeal cancer globally, including ten Phase 3 randomized trials and four Phase 2 trials
supporting regulatory submissions globally. We have three active studies in lymphoma, urothelial carcinoma, and
solid tumors:


•    A Phase 3 confirmatory trial in China comparing tislelizumab to salvage chemotherapy in patients with
     relapsed or refractory classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL; NCT04486391).


•    A Phase 3 confirmatory trial in China in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma
     (NCT03967977).


•    A Phase 2 trial in China in patients with MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors (NCT03736889).


As of December 2024, we had enrolled over 14,000 subjects in clinical trials of tislelizumab monotherapy or in
combination in more than 35 countries, including 4,700+ subjects outside of China. These studies include eight
multi-regional registrational trials that are designed for global regulatory approvals. Data from our trials thus far
have suggested that tislelizumab was generally well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of
tumor types. In 2024, we terminated a Phase 3 trial in China of tislelizumab versus placebo in combination with
chemoradiotherapy in patients with localized ESCC (NCT03957590).



28     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


Lung Cancer
Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217), an anti-TIGIT Antibody


Ociperlimab (BGB-A1217) is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody directed against TIGIT.
An immune checkpoint molecule, ociperlimab is currently being investigated in a global Phase 3 trial, AdvanTIG-302
(NCT04746924), in combination with tislelizumab in NSCLC. As of December 2024, more than 2,000 patients have
been enrolled across the ociperlimab development program.


We have completed patient enrollment in AdvanTIG-302 and will evaluate data when available to inform future
development opportunities for ociperlimab.


BG-60366, an EGFR-targeted CDAC


BG-60366 is an investigational EGFR-targeting CDAC being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06685718) as
monotherapy in patients with EGFR-mutant Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.


BG-89894 (SYH2039), a MAT2A Inhibitor


BG-89894 (SYH2039) is an investigational MAT2A inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06568614)
as monotherapy in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors. We licensed this asset from CSPC Zhongqi
Pharmaceutical Technology (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd in December 2024.


BGB-58067, an MTA-Cooperative PRMT5 Inhibitor


BGB-58067 is an investigational MTA-Cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06568614) as monotherapy in patients with MTAP deficiency advanced or metastatic solid tumors.


BG-T187, an anti-EGFRxMET trispecific antibody


BG-T187 is an investigational anti-EGFRxMET trispecific antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06598800) as monotherapy or in combination with other therapeutic agents in patients with advanced solid
tumors.


BGB-26808, a HPK-1 Inhibitor


BGB-26808 is a second-generation HPK-1 inhibitor with a different scaffold from BGB-15025 being evaluated in a
Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05981703) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced
solid tumors.


BGB-C354, an anti-B7H3 ADC


BGB-C354 is an investigational antibody drug conjugate targeting B7H3 being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06422520) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           29
BUSINESS


Gastro-Intestinal Cancer
Zanidatamab, a bispecific HER2-targeted antibody


Zanidatamab, a novel investigational ZIIHERA® bispecific antibody targeting HER2, is currently in late-stage clinical
development with Zymeworks Inc./Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc. We have development and commercial rights to
zanidatamab in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. We are participating in one ongoing clinical
study with zanidatamab, a global Phase 3 clinical trial (NCT05152147) examining zanidatamab in combination with
chemotherapy with and without tislelizumab in HER2-positive gastroesophageal cancer.


The Phase 2b study in patients with advanced or metastatic HER2-amplified biliary tract cancers (“BTC”) in
which zanidatamab is being used as monotherapy have been completed. We are also participating with Jazz in a
confirmatory study (NCT06282575) for 2L+ BTC. A BLA for the BTC indication is under review by China NMPA as
of May 2024 and Orphan Drug Designation (“ODD”) was issued by Ministry of Food and Drug Safety in South Korea
in December 2024. On November 20, 2024, the FDA granted accelerated approval of ZIIHERA to Jazz for previously
treated unresectable or metastatic HER2-positive biliary tract cancer. In July 2024, Jazz announced that the
Marketing Authorisation Application or zanidatamab in 2L BTC was validated by the European Medicines Agency.


BG-C137, an anti-FGFR2b ADC


BG-C137 is an investigational antibody drug conjugate targeting FGFR2b being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06625593) as monotherapy in patients with advanced solid tumors.


BGB-53038, a Pan-KRAS Inhibitor


BGB-53038 is an investigational Pan-KRAS inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06585488) as
monotherapy and in combinations in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors with KRAS mutations or
amplifications.


BGB-B2033, an anti-GPC3x4-1BB bispecific antibody


BGB-B2033 is an investigational anti-GPC3x4-1BB bispecific antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical
trial (NCT06427941) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with selected advanced or
metastatic solid tumors.


BGB-B3227, an anti-MUC1xCD16A bispecific antibody


BGB-B3227 is an investigational anti-MUC1xCD16A bispecific antibody being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06540066) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced or metastatic solid
tumors.


BG-C477, an anti-CEA ADC


BG-C477 is an investigational antibody drug conjugate targeting CEA being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06596473) as monotherapy in patients with selected advanced solid tumors.



30     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


Breast/Gynecologic Cancer
BGB-43395, a CDK4 Inhibitor


BGB-43395 is an investigational CDK4 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06120283) as
monotherapy or in combination with either fulvestrant or letrozole in patients with hormone receptor positive (“HR+”)
and human epidermal growth factor 2 negative (“HER2-”) breast cancer (“BC”) and other advanced solid tumors.


BG-68501, a CDK2 Inhibitor


BG-68501 is an investigational CDK2 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06257264) as
monotherapy or in combination with fulvestrant with or without BGB-43395 (CDK4i) in patients with HR+ and HER2
– BC and other advanced solid tumors. BG-68501 is licensed from Ensem Therapeutics, Inc.


BG-C9074, an anti-B7H4 ADC


BG-C9074 is an investigational antibody drug conjugate targeting B7H4 being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial
(NCT06233942) as monotherapy or in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors. BG-
C9074 is licensed from Duality Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.


BGB-21447, a Bcl-2 Inhibitor


BGB-21447 is an investigational Bcl-2 inhibitor being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT05828589) as
monotherapy in BC and other solid tumors. In preclinical studies, BGB-21447 shows additional potency and
selectivity, with a longer half-life than sonrotoclax. We believe the differentiated profiles of sonrotoclax and BGB-
21447 may lead to unique development options for these programs.


I&I
BGB-45035, an IRAK4-targeted CDAC


BGB-45035 is an investigational IRAK4-targeting chimeric degradation activation compound (“CDAC”) being
evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06342713) as monotherapy in healthy participants.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT            31
BUSINESS


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS


We have a proprietary biology research platform that has allowed us to research and develop both small molecules
and biologic molecules. In the last decade, this platform has generated more than 30 clinical stage assets, including
three internally-developed molecules that have been approved by regulatory bodies in the U.S., EU, China, and
other markets, with other filings pending globally and planned to be submitted. The platform is a full-process
technology system spanning from early discovery to commercialization of oncology medicines based on multiple
drug technology platforms that can be applied to oncology and other fields. We have core technology platforms for
the development of small molecule and antibody medicines and the manufacturing of our own and potentially other
medicines. Currently, we have over 70 preclinical programs and we believe the majority have best-in-class or first-
in-class potential.


We anticipate advancing many of our preclinical drug candidates into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe
that we have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with our preclinical/clinical candidates to target multiple points
in the cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop companion diagnostics that will help identify patients
who are most likely to benefit from the use of our medicines and drug candidates.


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY


We manufacture our medicines and drug candidates internally and in some cases with the help CMOs. The
manufacturing of our medicines and drug candidates is subject to extensive regulations that impose various
procedural and documentation requirements governing record-keeping, manufacturing processes and controls,
personnel, quality control, and quality assurance, among others. Our manufacturing facilities and the facilities of
the CMOs we use to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates operate under current good manufacturing
practice (“cGMP”) regulations conditions. cGMP regulations are requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals
that will be used in humans.




32      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Our Manufacturing Facilities


We have manufacturing facilities for small molecule drugs and large molecule biologics in Suzhou and Guangzhou,
China, respectively, to support the commercialization and potential future demand of our internally developed or in-
licensed products. In July 2024, we opened our flagship U.S. campus for clinical R&D and biologics manufacturing
in New Jersey.


Our U.S. flagship manufacturing and clinical R&D facility is located on a 42-acre site at the Princeton West
Innovation Park in Hopewell, New Jersey. The Hopewell facility is positioned strategically in the Interstate 95
corridor of New Jersey, with a deep and rich talent pool, and has more than one million square feet of developable
real estate for potential future expansion to cover our existing medicines and pipeline. This site has 8,000 liters of
large molecule biologics manufacturing capacity.


Our manufacturing facility in Suzhou is 52,000 square meters and consists of a manufacturing base for small
molecule drug products with an annual production capacity of about 600 million tablets and capsules. The facility
meets or exceeds design criteria of the U.S., E.U., and China regulatory requirements, and has been in operation
for clinical product supply since the beginning of 2024, with commercial supply expected to be put into operation in
mid-2025. The biologics manufacturing business at the former site in Suzhou will conclude at the end of February
2025, with some quality control testing continuing until Q3 2025.


Our state-of-the-art commercial-scale manufacturing facility of large molecule biologics in Guangzhou is
approximately 158,000 square meters. Phases 1 and 2 of the facility were completed in September 2019 and
December 2020, respectively, with 24,000 liters of single use disposable capacity. Additionally, total committed
capacity has been increased to 64,000 liters, with 8 x 5,000L bioreactors in Phase 3 qualified in 2024. Phase 1
and 2 are currently approved for the end-to-end commercial production of tislelizumab for the China market. In
April 2024, we opened a new campus equipped with a state-of-the-art ADC production facility and 2 x 500 liters
biologics clinical capacity while reserving additional land for the next phase of expansion to support our growing
pipeline of large molecule medicines and drug candidates. With the 2 x 500 liters biologics clinical capacity
expansion, our Guangzhou manufacturing facility now has a total biologics capacity of 65,000 liters.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT            33
BUSINESS


Contract Manufacturing Organizations


We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third-party CMOs and CROs for the
production of some drug products and drug substances and the supply of raw materials to meet the commercial,
clinical, and preclinical needs of our medicines and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that
the production qualifications, facilities, and processes of the third-party suppliers engaged by us comply with
relevant regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operational guidelines. We select our third-party
suppliers carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production
capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules,
and business terms.


With our internal manufacturing capabilities and continued partnership with global contract manufacturers, we
continue to diversify our global supply network and do not anticipate any disruption to supply on account of our
established strategy to maintain sufficient safety stock of our products. We have commercial supply and related
agreements with our manufacturing service providers. The FDA has approved an ex-China active pharmaceutical
ingredients (“API”) source in January 2025, with EMA approval pending. For our commercial and clinical stage
products in-licensed from Amgen, BMS and others, we rely on the licensors and their manufacturing facilities or
their CMOs for the supply of those medicines and drug candidates.


Our agreements with the outsourced suppliers engaged by us generally set out terms, including product quality or
service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection
and acceptance criteria. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Either party may terminate
the agreements by serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances.




34     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from various suppliers who we believe have
sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities in Beijing and
Suzhou include APIs custom-made by our third-party CROs and excipients, which are commercially available from
well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies. The core raw materials used in
manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility are genetically modified cell lines that we have co-developed and licensed
from Boehringer Ingelheim and other third parties.


We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term, dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for any defects in our finished products.


AMGEN COLLABORATION


Collaboration Agreement


On October 31, 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered
into a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (as amended, the “Amgen
Collaboration Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for
commercializing Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China (excluding Hong Kong,
Macao and Taiwan) for a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as
specified in the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA commencing
following the transition of operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement,
we have the option to retain one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in
China. The parties have agreed to equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s
commercialization period. After expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not
retained will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit
royalties on net sales in China of each product for an additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global clinical development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-
preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to receive tiered
mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China on a product-by-product and
country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory
exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20
years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT             35
BUSINESS


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, we will have the right to commercialize the product for
seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, we will have
the right to retain approximately one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than AMG
510, to commercialize for as long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year
commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to received tiered
mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to
specified exclusivity requirements in China and the rest of the world.


In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for us.
As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i) stop
sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and
ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of AMG
510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


BeiGene, Ltd. has guaranteed certain obligations of BeiGene Switzerland under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement.


The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties.
The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant
to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon
the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or
subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial
objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event it
suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to
continue development of the pipeline product in China.


Share Purchase Agreement


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen (as amended, the “Share Purchase Agreement”),
we issued to Amgen 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of the Company on January
2, 2020, representing approximately 20.5% of our then outstanding shares, for an aggregate purchase price of
US$2.78 billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.




36     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the earliest
of (a) the fourth anniversary of the closing, (b) the expiration or termination of the Collaboration Agreement and
(c) a change of control of BeiGene, Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the date on which it holds less than 5% of our then
outstanding shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters presented for shareholder
approval until the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing and (b) the expiration of the standstill period, all
under specified circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-
up period and (ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed not to sell shares representing more than
5% of our then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period. The lock-up has since expired and under the
terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen now has specified registration rights. Additionally, we have agreed
to use reasonable best efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to participate in subsequent new securities
offerings upon the same terms and conditions as other purchasers in the offering in an amount needed to allow
Amgen to hold up to 20.6% of our shares, subject to applicable law and HKEx rules and other specified conditions.


On March 17, 2020, BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to
the Share Purchase Agreement in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares by us, which
agreement was restated in its entirety on September 24, 2020 (the “Restated Second Amendment”). Pursuant to
the Restated Second Amendment, Amgen had an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional
ADSs in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately
20.6% of our outstanding shares. The Direct Purchase Option was exercisable on a monthly basis, but only
if Amgen’s interest in our outstanding shares at the monthly reference date was less than 20.4%. The Direct
Purchase Option (i) was exercisable by Amgen solely as a result of dilution arising from issuance of new shares by
us under our equity incentive plans from time to time, and (ii) was subject to annual approval by our independent
shareholders each year during the term of the Restated Second Amendment. The exercise period of the Direct
Purchase Option commenced on December 1, 2020 and terminated on December 1, 2023.


On January 30, 2023, BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 3 to the Share Purchase
Agreement, pursuant to which Amgen elected to relinquish its right to appoint a designated director to the Company’s
board of directors on account of the Company’s global growth. The Company has retained Anthony C. Hooper,
who was Amgen’s director designee on the Company’s board of directors until Amgen relinquished its right to
appoint a designated director. Mr. Hooper was most recently re-elected by shareholders in 2022 to serve a three-
year term ending 2025.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT             37
BUSINESS


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our medicines, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an
important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below.
We have filed patent applications and obtained patents in the U.S. and other countries and regions, such as
Europe and China, relating to our medicines and certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional patent
protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We sometimes rely on trade secrets
to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent
protection, including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation
and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen, and support our development programs. Additionally, in
various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs upon approval. The scope and term
of such regulatory exclusivity will vary but, in general, the period will run concurrently with the term of any existing
patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval.


As of February 14, 2025, we owned 63 issued U.S. patents, 15 issued European patents, 28 issued Japanese
patents, 70 issued China patents, a number of pending patent applications in the U.S., Europe, Japan and China,
and corresponding issued patents and pending patent applications internationally.




38     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  BUSINESS


The key patents for our medicines and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of February 14, 2025, are summarized
below:


Molecule                           Territory    General Subject Matter                                Expiration1

BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib)           U.S.         Composition of matter                                       2034
                                   U.S.         Pharmaceutical composition                                  2034
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2034
                                   U.S.         Crystalline forms                                           2037
                                   U.S.         Crystalline forms                                           2037
                                   U.S.         Crystalline forms                                           2037
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2037
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2037
                                   U.S.         Combination use                                             2039
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2043
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2043
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2043
                                   Europe       Composition of matter                                      20342
                                   Europe       Combination use                                            20373
                                   Japan        Composition of matter                                       2034
                                   Japan        Crystalline forms                                           2037
                                   Japan        Crystalline forms                                           2037
                                   China        Composition of matter                                       2034
                                   China        Crystalline forms                                           2037
                                   China        Combination use                                             2037


TEVIMBRA® (tislelizumab)           U.S.         Composition of matter                                      20334
                                   U.S.         Composition of matter                                       2033
                                   U.S.         Composition of matter                                       2033
                                   U.S.         Polynucleotide                                              2033
                                   U.S.         Method of treatment                                         2033
                                   Europe       Composition of matter for antibodies                       20335
                                   Japan        Composition of matter                                       2033
                                   China        Composition of matter                                       2033
                                   China        Composition of matter                                       2033
                                   China        Composition of matter                                       2033
                                   China        Composition of matter for antibodies                        2033
                                   China        Polynucleotide                                              2033
                                   China        Method of treatment                                         2033
PARTRUVIX® (pamiparib)             China        Composition of matter                                       2031




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          39
BUSINESS


Molecule                                    Territory      General Subject Matter                                      Expiration1

Ociperlimab                                 U.S.           Composition of matter                                              2038
                                            Japan          Composition of matter                                              2038
                                            China          Composition of matter                                              2038

Sonrotoclax                                 U.S.           Composition of matter                                              2039
                                            Japan          Composition of matter                                              2039
                                            China          Composition of matter                                              2039

1.      Unless otherwise indicated, the expected expiration does not include any potential additional term for patent term extension
        (“PTE”), supplemental protection certificate (“SPC”) or pediatric exclusivity.


2.      SPCs have been filed in various European countries and have been granted at least in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and
        the United Kingdom, extending the original patent term in those countries to 2036.


3.      This patent is the subject of a pending opposition proceeding at the European Patent Office (EPO).


4.      An application for PTE has been filed and if granted, will extend the original patent term to 2038.


5.      SPCs have been pending or have been granted in various European countries, extending the original patent term in those
        countries, where granted, to 2038.


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize three medicines in China. The key patents
for them in China as of February 14, 2025 are summarized below:


Product                                Territory        General Subject Matter                                       Expiration

BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab)               China            Use for the treatment of pediatric acute lymphoblastic       2029
                                                        leukemia
KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib)                China            Compound and Composition                                     2025


We have one in-licensed medicine in China from Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Luye Pharmaceutical”).
The key patent for it in China as of February 14, 2025 is summarized below:


Product                                Territory        General Subject Matter                                       Expiration

BAITUOWEI®                             China            Formulation                                                  2034
     (goserelin microsphere)


Under our license agreement with Amgen, they retain the responsibility, but are not obligated, to prosecute, defend
and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed products. Under our license agreement with Luye
Pharmaceutical, Luye Pharmaceutical retains the responsibility, but is not obligated, to prosecute the in-licensed
patents for the corresponding in-licensed product, and we retain the responsibility, but is not obligated, to defend
and enforce the patents for the corresponding in-licensed product.




40        BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.


COMPETITION


We operate in a highly competitive global landscape, with our marketed products facing strong competition in
regulated markets worldwide. Our primary competitors include a diverse array of entities, from leading global
research-based biopharmaceutical companies to agile regional and local firms. These competitors are actively
engaged in the development, production, and marketing of therapeutic products aimed at treating diseases similar
to those in our current portfolio or pipeline. This global competition underscores the breadth and depth of our
industry, requiring us to maintain a robust and agile approach to R&D and excel in the commercialization of our
innovative medicines across international markets.


The following table lists our key competitors for our principal products by competitor, product and territory, though
it is not exhaustive.


                                                  Competitor-marketed
Product             Competitor                    product                      Territory

BRUKINSA            AbbVie & Janssen              IMBRUVICA                    U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                    AstraZeneca                   CALQUENCE                    U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                    Eli Lilly                     JAYPIRCA                     U.S., China & Japan
                    Innocare                      YINUOKAI                     China

TEVIMBRA           Merck                          KEYTRUDA                     U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   Bristol Meyers Squibb          OPDIVO                       U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   AstraZeneca                    IMFINZI                      U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   Roche                          TECENTRIQ                    U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   Merck KGaA                     BAVENCIO                     U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   Regeneron & Sanofi             LIBTAYO                      U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   GSK                            JEMPERLI                     U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific & China
                   Junshi                         LOQTORZI                     U.S., Europe & China
                   Henlius                        HANSIZHUANG                  U.S., China & South Asia
                   Various Chinese companies      10+ products including       China
                                                  PD-1/L1, PD-1xCTLA-4


In addition, we have several promising candidates in the pivotal development stage, including sonrotoclax, a BCL-2
inhibitor, and BGB-16673, a BTK-targeted degrader compound (“CDAC”). These products are in various stages of
clinical trials conducted globally and show potential in addressing unmet medical needs.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT            41
BUSINESS


The following table lists our key competitors for our late-stage pipeline products by competitor, asset, latest
development stage, and clinical trial territory, although it is not exhaustive.


Asset                  Competitor                    Competitor-asset      Latest development stage         Territory

Sonrotoclax            AbbVie & Roche                VENCLEXTA             Approved                         Global
                       Ascentage Pharma              Lisaftoclax           Phase 3                          Global

BGB-16673              Eli Lilly (Loxo Oncology)     JAYPIRCA              Approved                         Global
                       Nurix Therapeutics            NX-5948               Phase 1                          U.S.
                       AbbVie                        ABBV-101              Phase 1                          Global


Furthermore, we are advancing several promising candidates through pivotal programs, including novel antibody-
drug conjugates (“ADCs”), multi-specific antibodies, and targeted therapies for lung, breast, and gastrointestinal
cancers. To our knowledge, Roche, AstraZeneca, Pfizer, and Merck are also developing new therapeutic options
with similar mechanisms. Our candidates are well-positioned in the market to offer first-in-class and/or best-in-class
profiles, particularly in addressing the limitations of existing treatments and offering new alternatives to patients.


Many of the larger companies we compete with are well-capitalized and dedicate a significant number of financial
resources to support their research and development, while using business development to supplement their
internal pipelines as well as investing heavily in commercialization capabilities. As a result, we must continuously
invest and gain experience in the development, acquisition, and marketing of innovative and branded medicines and
drug candidates to compete effectively in both current and future markets. This requires us to devote substantial
funds and resources to develop and generate evidence that prevents the erosion of existing products and delivers
revenue from the next waves of innovation.


The main forms of competition include efficacy, safety, and cost. The long-term success of our products depends
on our ability to effectively demonstrate the value to physicians, patients, and third-party payers. This requires
a much greater use of a direct sales force and promotion to realize significant revenues. We also have, and will
continue to enter into, co-promotion, contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties, for
example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum
market penetration. Furthermore, robust compliance approaches, science-based promotion model, and integrated
management will also be competitive advantages in the industry in the long run, in which we invest significant effort
to establish and grow.




42      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             RISK FACTORS


The following section includes material factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and operations.
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained in this
annual report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the “Management Discussion and
Analysis” section of this annual report before deciding to invest in our ADSs, ordinary shares, or RMB Shares. The
occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and
RMB Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Commercialization of Our Medicines and Drug Candidates


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-
party payors, and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy
and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these
treatments to the exclusion of our medicines. If our medicines do not achieve and maintain an adequate level of
market acceptance, the sales of our medicines may be limited and we may not become profitable. The degree
of market acceptance of our medicines will depend on a number of factors, including: the clinical indications for
which our medicines are approved; physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our
medicines safe and effective; government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups, insurance
carriers, physicians’ groups, private health and science foundations recommending our medicines; the perceived
advantages and relative cost of alternative treatments; the prevalence and severity of any side effects; product
labeling, including limitations or warnings, or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities; the timing of
market introduction of our medicines as well as competitive medicines; the availability of adequate coverage,
reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; and the effectiveness of our sales and
marketing efforts.


Even if our medicines achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over
time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received, are more cost effective or
render our medicines obsolete.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           43
RISK FACTORS


We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to
market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


We became a commercial-stage company in 2017, when we entered into a license and supply agreement with
Celgene Logistics Sàrl, now a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), to commercialize three of BMS’s approved
cancer therapies, in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). In October 2019, we entered into a
collaboration with Amgen for its commercial-stage oncology products and a portfolio of clinical- and late-preclinical-
stage oncology pipeline products. We received the first approvals for our internally developed drug candidates
in late 2019 in the United States (“U.S.”), in 2020 in China, and in 2021 in Europe. Given this, we have limited
experience in commercializing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines, including building and managing
a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement,
and managing distributors and a sales force for our medicines. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize
our medicines may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with
substantial experience in launching medicines.


If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing, and commercial distribution
capabilities for any or all of our medicines, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and
marketing of our medicines. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such
collaborative arrangements, or whether they will have effective sales forces. We would have little or no control over
the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we
had commercialized our medicines ourselves. There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and
successfully maintain internal sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships
with third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize any medicine, and as a result, we may not be able to
generate substantial product sales revenue.


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.


The development and commercialization of new medicines is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell medicines or are
pursuing the development of medicines for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our medicines
or developing our drug candidates. For example, BRUKINSA ®, tislelizumab, and pamiparib face substantial
competition, and some of our products face or are expected to face competition from generic therapies. Potential
competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing, and commercialization.




44     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
medicines that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less
expensive than our medicines. Our competitors also may obtain approval from regulatory authorities for their
medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a
strong market position before we are able to enter the market and/or slow our regulatory approval.


Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved medicines than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and
marketing personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our future medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have
failed prior treatments and may be small.


In markets with approved therapies, we have and expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later
stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those medicines that prove
to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second-line therapy and potentially as
a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our medicines and drug candidates, even if approved, would be
approved for second-line or first-line therapy.


Our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these diseases in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our medicines and drug candidates, may prove to be inaccurate and new studies may change the
estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for
our medicines and drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our medicines and
drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our medicines and drug candidates, because the
potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for
additional indications, including use as a first- or second-line therapy.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             45
RISK FACTORS


If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to achieve
and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement or are subject to unfavorable pricing regulations,
our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.


Our ability or the ability of any third parties with which we collaborate to commercialize our medicines successfully
will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these medicines is available from government health
administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. In the U.S. and other countries, patients
generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate
coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and
commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Sales of our medicines will depend substantially, on the
extent to which the costs of our medicines will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit
and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities,
private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Without third-party payor reimbursement, patients
may not be able to obtain or afford prescribed medications. Third-party payors also are seeking to encourage the
use of generic or biosimilar products or entering into sole source contracts with healthcare providers, which could
effectively limit the coverage and level of reimbursement for our medicines and have an adverse impact on the
market access or acceptance of our medicines. In addition, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided
to prescribing physicians by third-party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians’
willingness and ability to prescribe our products.


In the U.S., no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors. As a
result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party payor is a
time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and
cost-effectiveness data for the use of our medicines on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the
medicine is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) or comparable regulatory authorities in
other countries. Even if we obtain coverage for a given medicine, the resulting reimbursement rates might not be
adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably
high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up
evaluations required following the use of our medicines. Because some of our medicines and drug candidates have
a higher cost of goods than conventional therapies and may require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that
coverage and reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.




46     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In China, drug prices are typically lower than in the U.S. and Europe, and until recently, the market has been
dominated by generic drugs. Government authorities regularly review the inclusion or removal of medicines from
China’s National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), or provincial or local medical insurance catalogues for the
National Medical Insurance Program, and the tier under which a medicine will be classified, both of which affect the
amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those medicines. Products included in the NRDL
have typically been generic and essential drugs. BRUKINSA, tislelizumab, PARTRUVIX®, XGEVA® and KYPROLIS®
have been included in the NRDL. While the demand for these medicines has generally increased after inclusion in
the NRDL, there can be no assurance that demand will continue to increase and such increases will be sufficient
to offset the reduction in the prices and our margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We prepare for the NRDL negotiations in China for our eligible
medicines/indications annually. If any of these medicines/indications are not included in the NRDL or included at
a significantly lower price, the revenues for such medicines could be limited, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in China.


The government in China also has a program for volume-based, centralized drug procurement with minimum
quantity commitments to negotiate lower prices from drug manufacturers and reduce the price of drugs. The
Chinese government awards contracts to the bidders who can satisfy the quality and quantity requirements,
with price being a significant factor in the procurement decisions. The successful bidders are guaranteed a sale
volume for at least a year, which gives an opportunity to gain or increase market share. Many types of drugs are
covered under the program, including drugs made by international pharmaceutical companies and generics made
by domestic Chinese manufacturers. For example, in 2020, ABRAXANE® and its generic forms were included in
the program. We won the bid and became one of the three companies who were awarded a government contract,
with a price for sales of ABRAXANE under the government contract that would have been significantly lower than
the price that we had been charging. Also in 2020, VIDAZA® and its generic forms were included for bidding in
the program. We did not win the bid for VIDAZA, which resulted in the drug being restricted from use in public
hospitals, which account for a large portion of the market, and a decline in sales revenue. Moreover, the program
may change how generic drugs are priced and procured in China and is likely to accelerate the replacement of
originator drugs with generics. This program may negatively impact our existing commercial operations in China as
well as our strategies on how to commercialize our drugs in China, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations in China.


Countries in Europe provide options to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health
insurance systems provide reimbursement. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries
may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate
to currently available therapies. Countries may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead
adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on
the market. Furthermore, some countries require approval of the sale price of a medicine before it can be marketed.
In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In some non-U.
S. markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial
approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a medicine in a particular country, but
then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the medicine and negatively impact our
revenues and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT        47
RISK FACTORS


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any medicine that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any medicine which we commercialize.
Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our medicines may be particularly difficult because of the higher
prices often associated with medicines administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not
available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any medicine and
drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved medicines. Moreover, eligibility for
reimbursement does not imply that any medicine will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs,
including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new medicines, if
applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary
according to the use of the medicine and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost medicines that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other
services. Net prices for medicines may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict imports of
medicines from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Our inability to promptly obtain
coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our medicines and any
new medicines that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results, and our
overall financial condition.


We have operations in the U.S., China, Europe, and other markets and plan to expand in these and new markets
on our own or with collaborators, which exposes us to risks of conducting business in international markets.


We are currently developing and commercializing or plan to commercialize our medicines in international markets,
including China, Europe and other markets outside of the U.S., either on our own or with third-party collaborators
or distributors. Our international business relationships subject us to additional risks that may materially adversely
affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:


•     difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;


•     potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;


•     unexpected changes in tariffs, including tariffs that have been or may in the future be imposed by the U.S. or
      other countries, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of normal trade status between
      China and the U.S. or actions taken by U.S. or China governmental authorities on companies with significant
      operations in the U.S. and China, such as us, and protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by the U.S.or
      China;


•     economic weakness;




48      BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


•    compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling internationally;


•    the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;


•    currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;


•    workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;


•    failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
     regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws;


•    business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, public
     health crises or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires;


•    economic and political instability; and


•    international military conflicts and related sanctions.


Historically, tariffs have led to increased trade and political tensions, between not only the U.S. and China, but
also between the U.S. and other countries in the international community. Political tensions as a result of trade
policies could reduce trade volume, investment, technological exchange and other economic activities between
major international economies, resulting in a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the
stability of global financial markets. These and other risks, including the risks described in “Risks Related to Our
Doing Business in the PRC”, may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue in international
markets.


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our medicines or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.


Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our medicines, which do not meet our
or our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit
medicine may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer
harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit medicines sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition,
thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold
through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT             49
RISK FACTORS


Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier
studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain.
Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical
trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim
results of a trial may not be predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to
show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical
trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials
of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols,
differences in the size and type of the patient populations, patient adherence to the dosing regimen and the rate
of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier
trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites and additional countries involved in such trials. A number of
companies in our industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or
adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be
favorable.


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous unexpected
events during clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize
our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards, or ethics committees
may not authorize us to conduct a clinical trial or may require us or our investigators to suspend or terminate
clinical research or not rely on the results of our clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance
with regulatory requirements; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with contract research
organizations (“CROs”) and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary
significantly; manufacturing issues, including problems with supply quality, compliance with good manufacturing
practice (“GMP”), or obtaining sufficient quantities of a drug candidate for use in a clinical trial; clinical trials of
our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require
us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon drug development programs; the number of patients required
for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or
patients may drop out at a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors, including clinical investigators,
may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at
all; we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials for various reasons, including a finding of a lack of clinical
response or other unexpected characteristics or a finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable
health risks; the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and the supply
or quality of our medicines and drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials may be
insufficient or inadequate.




50      BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates, or not obtain regulatory
approval at all; obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; have the drug removed from the
market after obtaining regulatory approval; be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; be subject
to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or be unable to obtain reimbursement or
obtain reimbursement at a commercially viable level for use of the drug.


Significant clinical trial delays may also increase our development costs and could shorten any periods during which
we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to market
before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business and
results of operations.


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We have and may
continue to experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the
size and nature of the patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, competition from
competing companies, and natural disasters or public health crises.


Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us,
because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead enroll in a trial being conducted by
a competitor. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is limited, we expect to
conduct some of our clinical trials at the same sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number
of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such sites. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of
patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or
outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect
our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT             51
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with such
regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


We are currently focusing our pharmaceutical-industry activities in the major markets of the U.S., China, Europe,
and other select countries and regions. These areas all strictly regulate the pharmaceutical industry, and in doing
so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of product development and approval,
manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the regulatory
regimes that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance burden. Additionally, the China National
Medical Products Administration’s (“NMPA”) reform of the medicine and approval system may face implementation
challenges. The timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing
our medicines and drug candidates in a timely manner. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court’s July 2024 decision
to overturn established case law giving deference to regulatory agencies’ interpretations of ambiguous statutory
language has introduced uncertainty regarding the extent to which the FDA’s regulations, policies and decisions
may become subject to increasing legal challenges, delays, and/or changes. From time to time, laws may be
passed that significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing, and marketing
of products regulated by the FDA. In addition to new legislation, FDA regulations, guidance, and policies are often
revised or reinterpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect the manner in which pharmaceutical
products are regulated and marketed.


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with laws and regulations require the expenditure
of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with requirements at any time during the product
development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions.
These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval,
license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls, product seizures, total or partial
suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations could have a material
adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of
ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This
suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S. In any event, the
receipt of regulatory approval does not assure the success of our commercialization efforts for our medicines.




52     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We may be subject to anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse
laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil
penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished sales.


Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our
approved products. Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws in the U.S.,
including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), and physician
payment sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales,
marketing and education programs. In addition, we are subject to patient privacy regulation by both the United
States federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.


In addition, the approval and commercialization for our medicines and drug candidates outside the U.S. subjects
us to non-U.S. equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws. Some of these
non-U.S. laws may be broader in scope and subject to the discretion of non-U.S. law enforcement authorities,
including Chinese authorities who recently increased anti-bribery efforts to reduce improper payments and other
benefits received by physicians, staff and hospital administrators in relation to sales, marketing and purchase of
pharmaceuticals. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we
fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties.


In the past, we have made grants to independent charitable foundations that help financially needy patients with
their premium, co-pay, and co-insurance obligations and we expect to make such grants in the future. If we
choose to do so, and if we or our vendors or donation recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws
or regulations in the operation of these programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties, or other
criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions or enforcement actions. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls
and procedures will be sufficient to protect against acts of our employees, business partners, or vendors that may
violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, there has been increased
scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs, and donations
to third-party charities that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments of
reimbursement support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Regardless of
whether we have complied with the law, a government investigation could impact our business practices, harm our
reputation, divert the attention of management, increase our expenses, and reduce the availability of foundation
support for our patients who need assistance.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024       ANNUAL REPORT        53
RISK FACTORS


Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal FCA as well as under the false claims laws of several
states. Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of
fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these
laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that
our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will
involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices
may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or
other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible
exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages,
individual imprisonment, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring
of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate
integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Furthermore, if
any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we do business are found to be not in compliance
with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from
government funded healthcare programs, which may adversely affect our business.


If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or
other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties,
sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and growth prospects.


We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B program, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs,
Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”) pricing program, and the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, which require us
to disclose average manufacturer pricing, and, in the future may require us to report the average sales price for
certain of our drugs to the Medicare program. Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs,
are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts.
Furthermore, regulatory and legislative changes, and judicial rulings relating to these programs and policies (including
coverage expansion), have increased and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance,
have been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, particularly if CMS or another agency challenges the approach we take in our implementation.
For example, in the case of our Medicaid pricing data, if we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter
was incorrect or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are generally obligated to resubmit
the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due. Such restatements increase our costs
and could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations also may
affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products under the 340B program and give rise to an
obligation to refund entities participating in the 340B program for overcharges during past quarters impacted by a
price recalculation.




54     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product
information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average
sales price, if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or if we are found to have charged 340B
covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. Additionally, our agreement to participate in the
340B program or our Medicaid drug rebate agreement could be terminated, in which case federal payments may
not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part D for our covered outpatient drugs. Additionally, if we overcharge
the government in connection with our arrangements with FSS or Tricare Retail Pharmacy, we are required
to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract
overcharges can result in allegations against us under the FCA and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds
to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and
time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and growth prospects.


Further, legislation may be introduced that, if passed, would, among other things, further expand the 340B program
to additional covered entities or would require participating manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted
pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting, and any additional future changes to the definition of average
manufacturer price or the Medicaid rebate amount could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively
impact our results of operations. Additionally, certain pharmaceutical manufacturers are involved in ongoing
litigation regarding contract pharmacy arrangements under the 340B program. The outcome of those judicial
proceedings and the potential impact on the way in which manufacturers extend discounts to covered entities
through contract pharmacies remain uncertain.


The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience delays
or are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially
harmed.


Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the U.S.,
to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is safe,
pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the new drug application (“NDA”) or biologics license
application (“BLA”) must include comprehensive information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls
(“CMC”) for the drug candidate. If we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA, we cannot be certain that a submission
will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            55
RISK FACTORS


Regulatory authorities outside of the U.S., such as the NMPA and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), also have
requirements for approval of medicines for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those
areas. Regulatory requirements, approval processes and review periods can vary from country to country and
could delay or prevent the introduction of our drug candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be
accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not
mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Seeking regulatory approvals outside of the U.S.
could require additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. For all of
these reasons, we may not obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.


The processes required to obtain approval by the FDA, the NMPA, the EMA, and other comparable regulatory
authorities are complex, costly, unpredictable and typically take many years following the commencement of
preclinical studies and clinical trials and depend on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of
the regulatory authorities. Regulatory approval is never guaranteed. Furthermore, we have limited experience in
obtaining regulatory approvals for our drug candidates, including preparing the required materials for regulatory
submission and navigating the regulatory approval process. As a result, our ability to successfully obtain regulatory
approval for our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we
were a company with substantial experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.


Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:


•    failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;


•    failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
     and potent for its proposed indication;


•    failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;


•    reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;


•    disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;


•    changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
     or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;


•    regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
     regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
     candidates or other products;


•    failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
     requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;




56     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


•    a delay in or the inability of health authorities to complete regulatory inspections of our development activities,
     regulatory filings or manufacturing operations, whether as a result of a public health crisis, government
     shutdown, resource shortages or other reasons, or our failure to satisfactorily complete such inspections;


•    our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
     and


•    clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
     conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.


For example, in 2022, the FDA extended the Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date for the supplemental new
drug application (“sNDA”) for BRUKINSA as a treatment for adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia or
small lymphocytic lymphoma by three months, to allow time to review additional clinical data submitted by us,
which was deemed a major amendment to the sNDA. In 2022, the FDA deferred action on the BLA for TEVIMBRA®
as a second-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic ESCC, citing only the inability to complete
inspections due to COVID-19 related restrictions on travel. In 2024, the FDA deferred approval for tislelizumab in
first-line unresectable, recurrent, locally advanced, or metastatic ESCC on account of a delay in scheduling clinical
site inspections.


Our development activities, regulatory filings and manufacturing operations also could be harmed or delayed
by a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the FDA, or governments and regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions. If the FDA or other health authorities are delayed or unable to complete required regulatory inspections
of our development activities, regulatory filings or manufacturing operations due to government shutdowns, public
health crises, or other reasons, or we do not satisfactorily complete such inspections, our business could be
materially harmed. Currently, federal agencies in the U.S. are operating under a continuing resolution that is set to
expire on March 14, 2025. Without appropriation of additional funding to federal agencies, our business operations
related to our product development activities for the U.S. market could be impacted.


Delays in the completion of a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates will increase our costs, slow down our drug
development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues
for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.
In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials
may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            57
RISK FACTORS


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.


We are currently conducting and may in the future conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates outside the U.S.,
including in China. The acceptance of data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted
at all. The FDA will generally not consider the data from a foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND unless
(i) the trial was well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with good clinical practice (“GCP”) requirements,
including requirements for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and
reporting of clinical trials in a way that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and
accurate and that the rights, safety, and well-being of trial subjects are protected, and (ii) the FDA is able to validate
the data from the trial through an on-site inspection, if necessary. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials
are intended to serve as the sole basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the
application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S.
medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data
may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an
inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate
means. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and
statistical powering must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. There can
be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted
outside of the U.S. or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does
not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming,
and which may result in drug candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the
applicable jurisdictions.


Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
medicines and drug candidates.


Our medicines and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping,
conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-marketing information,
including both federal and state requirements in the U.S. and requirements of comparable regulatory authorities in
China, Europe and other regions. As such, we and our collaborators will be subject to ongoing review and periodic
inspections to assess compliance with applicable post-approval regulations. Additionally, to the extent we want to
make certain changes to the approved medicines, product labeling, or manufacturing processes, we will need to
submit new applications or supplements to regulatory authorities for approval.




58     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the U.S., ensuring that quality control and manufacturing
procedures conform to GMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will be subject to
continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments made in any
NDA, BLA or other marketing application, and previous responses to any inspection observations. Accordingly,
we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory
compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. The failure to comply with these requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation,
sales and use of ABRAXANE in China previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled
by BMS. This suspension was based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S.


The regulatory approvals for our medicines and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and
may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the medicine may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, which could adversely affect the medicine’s commercial potential or contain requirements
for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the medicine
or drug candidate. Failure to exhibit due diligence when conducting post-marketing requirements could result in
withdrawal of approval for products. The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may also require
a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) program or comparable program as a condition of approval of our
drug candidates or following approval. In addition, if the FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority
approves our drug candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including, for example, submissions
of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, establishment registration, as well as continued
compliance with GMP and GCP for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT            59
RISK FACTORS


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or withdraw
marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the drug
reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our medicines or drug candidates or
with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions
to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to
assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other
potential consequences include, among other things:


•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our medicines, withdrawal of the product from the market,
     or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;


•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;


•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;


•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our medicines and drug candidates;
     and


•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications
and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA,
NMPA, EMA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted
that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in
the U.S. or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly evolving. If we are slow or
unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are
not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained and
we may not achieve or sustain profitability.




60     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


In addition, if we obtain accelerated approval or conditional approval of any of our drug candidates, as we have
done with the accelerated approval of BRUKINSA in the U.S. and China and certain approvals of tislelizumab,
PARTRUVIX, XGEVA, BLINCYTO ®, KYPROLIS and QARZIBA ® in China, we will be required to conduct a
confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also be required to conduct post-marketing
safety studies. If we fail to conduct such studies in a timely manner or such studies fail to verify clinical benefit, such
approval may be withdrawn. While operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions
that we would not be subject to upon receiving regular approval. For example, the FDA generally requires that all
advertising and promotional materials be submitted to the FDA for review prior to dissemination or publication for
products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the
product.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our medicines and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.


Undesirable adverse events (“AEs”) caused by our medicines and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval, or could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of
our trials or patient experience following approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our
trials could be suspended or terminated and regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of,
or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.


As is typical in the development of pharmaceutical products, drug-related AEs and serious AEs (“SAEs”) have
been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these events have led to patient deaths. Drug-related AEs or SAEs
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial and could result in product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial condition and prospects
significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and our press releases and scientific and
medical presentations released from time to time, we disclose clinical results for our drug candidates, including
the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as of the date of the data cutoff used in such
report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless required by applicable law. Also, a number
of immune-related adverse events (“IRAEs”) have been associated with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors
such as tislelizumab, including immune-mediated pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis
and renal dysfunction, skin adverse reactions, and encephalitis. These IRAEs may be more common in certain
patient populations (potentially including elderly patients) and may be exacerbated when checkpoint inhibitors are
combined with other therapies.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             61
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our medicines and drug candidates, or caused by our medicines
and drug candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative
consequences, including:


•    regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;


•    we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the medicine;


•    regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the medicine, or we may determine to do
     so even if not required;


•    regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;


•    we may be required to implement a REMS for the drug, as is the case with REVLIMID, or, if a REMS is already
     in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or to develop a similar strategy as required
     by a regulatory authority;


•    we may be required to conduct post-marketing studies; and


•    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.


Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our medicines,
we may be unable to market such medicine or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages,
and our business could be materially harmed.

We plan to develop certain of our medicines and drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If a regulatory
authority revokes its approval of the other therapeutic that we use in combination with our medicines or drug
candidates, we will not be able to market our medicines or drug candidates in combination with such revoked
therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our
medicines and drug candidates in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be
required to redesign or terminate the applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result
in a supply shortage of any component of our combination medicines or drug candidates, we may not be able
to complete clinical development of our drug candidates on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience
disruptions in the commercialization of our approved medicines. For example, we have in-licensed drug candidates
from third parties to conduct clinical trials in combination with our drug candidates. We may rely on those third
parties to manufacture the in-licensed drug candidates and may not have control over their manufacturing process.
If these third parties encounter any manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays and are not able to supply
sufficient quantities of drug candidates, our drug combination study program may be delayed. For additional
information, please see the section of this annual report titled “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties –
We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could be
harmed if those third parties fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, provide us with insufficient quantities of
product or provide product at unacceptable quality levels or prices.”



62     BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Recently enacted and future legislation and regulations may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain
regulatory approval of and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and affect the prices we may
obtain.


In the U.S., China, Europe and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory
changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug
candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our medicines and any
drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. For example, the Creating and Restoring Equal Access
to Equivalent Samples Act (CREATES Act), requires sponsors of approved new drug applications and biologics
license applications to provide sufficient quantities of product samples on commercially reasonable, market-based
terms to entities developing generic drugs and biosimilar biological products. The law establishes a private right of
action allowing developers to sue application holders that refuse to sell them product samples needed to support
their applications. If we are required to provide product samples or allocate additional resources to respond to such
requests or any legal challenges under this law, our business could be adversely impacted.


In addition, proponents of drug reimportation may attempt to pass legislation that would directly allow reimportation
under certain circumstances. For example, by Executive Order, the FDA works with states and Indian Tribes that
propose to develop importation programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and
Modernization Act of 2003. In January 2024, the FDA issued to Florida the first approval for a state importation plan
and several states have pending applications with the FDA. If successfully implemented, importation of drugs from
Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. Legislation or
regulations allowing the reimportation of drugs, if enacted, could decrease the price we receive for any products
that we may develop and adversely affect our future revenues and prospects for profitability. We expect that
healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on
the price that we receive for any approved medicine.


Furthermore, changes to U.S. policy implemented by the U.S. Congress, the Trump administration or any new
administration have impacted and may in the future impact, among other things, the U.S. and global economy,
international trade relations, unemployment, immigration, healthcare, taxation, the U.S. regulatory environment,
inflation and other areas. We cannot predict the initiatives or changes that may be adopted in the future or the
impact, if any, they may have on our business. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies,
managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/
or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for our product candidates, if we obtain regulatory
approval; our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our approved products; our ability to generate revenue
and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the availability of capital.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT               63
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital


We have historically incurred significant net losses and may incur net losses in the future.


Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly capital-intensive and speculative. It entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or
become commercially viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a
result, we have incurred losses in most periods since our inception, other than periods when we were profitable
due to revenue recognized from up-front license fees from collaboration agreements or the settlement of legal
proceedings. As of December 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of US$8.6 billion. Substantially all of our
operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and
from selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.


Although we expect to achieve positive U.S.GAAP operating income for full year 2025 as product sales growth
exceeds expense growth, we may incur losses in the future. We expect expenses to continue to increase as
we continue to expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and our
manufacturing facilities, commercialize our medicines and launch new medicines, if approved, maintain and expand
regulatory approvals, contribute up to US$1.25 billion to the global development of a portfolio of Amgen pipeline
assets under our collaboration agreement, and commercialize the medicines that we have in-licensed. In addition,
we will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. The size of any future net losses
will depend, in part, on the number and scope of our drug development programs and the associated costs of
those programs, the cost of our manufacturing activities, the cost of commercializing our approved products, our
ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones and other payments we make or receive
with arrangements with third parties. If we fail to achieve market acceptance for our medicines or if promising drug
candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance,
we may never become profitable. To the extent we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain
profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our
company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.


We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.


Our portfolio of drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and
availability of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can
provide us with product sales revenue. Additionally, we are investing in the manufacturing and commercialization
of our approved medicines. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our
operating activities used US$0.1 billion, US$1.2 billion and US$1.5 billion of net cash during the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from operating activities
in 2024, 2023 and 2022 primarily due to our net losses of US$0.6 billion, US$0.9 billion and US$2.0 billion,
respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate positive cash flows from operating activities in
the future.




64      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of medicines in China licensed from BMS, and
since the fourth quarter of 2019, we have generated revenues from our internally developed medicines. These
revenues are not yet sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity requirements,
based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet our
projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our existing cash and cash equivalents
and potential future short-term investments may not be sufficient to enable us to complete all global development
or launch all of our current medicines and drug candidates for the currently anticipated indications and to invest in
additional programs. Accordingly, we may require further funding through public or private offerings, debt financing,
collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources.


Furthermore, our debt is primarily short-term in nature. As a result, we do not have many long-term commitments
for funding. Our current debt also contains numerous financial and non-financial covenants, some of which
include cross-default provisions that could require acceleration of repayment of loans in the event of default. Any
acceleration may impact the Company’s ability to refinance debt obligations if an event of default occurs.


Our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by negative net cash flows and our
current debt structure, and we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our
operations. If we resort to other financing activities to generate additional cash, we will incur financing costs and
we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain the financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we
raise financing by issuing further equity securities, your interest in our company may be diluted. If we are unable
to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research
and development programs or commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain additional funding when we need it
could seriously harm our business.


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.


We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect your rights as a holder of our shares. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance
of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain
additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity,
limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that
could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of additional equity securities, or
the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. In the event that we enter
into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable
terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug
candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future
potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             65
RISK FACTORS


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.


We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. Fluctuations in currencies may be affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic
conditions and the foreign exchange policies proposed or adopted by certain governments. We do not regularly
engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates between particular foreign
currencies and the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies in countries in which
we operate could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We cannot predict the impact of foreign
currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future may adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows.


The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy proposed or adopted by
the PRC, Australia and other governments. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC, Australia, other
governments outside the U.S. and U.S. government policies may impact the exchange rate of the RMB and the
U.S. dollar or any other currencies in the future. There remains significant international pressure on China to adopt a
more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government, which has threatened to label China as a “currency
manipulator,” which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our
operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for
dividends or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative
effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.


In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain approval from or registration with appropriate
government authorities or designated banks before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All
of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects, and could reduce the value of, and any dividends payable on, our shares in foreign currency terms.




66     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or
defaults by, our distributors and customers or by actual events or concerns involving the liquidity, default, or
non-performance of financial institutions, including the U.S. government, and an impairment in the carrying
value of any short-term investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.


We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase, as will the breadth of the entities to which
we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific distributors and customers
that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult
to detect or foresee.


Furthermore, actual events involving reduced liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments
that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about any such events, have in the past and may in the
future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, in March 2023, Silvergate Bank, La Jolla, California,
announced its decision to voluntarily liquidate its assets and wind down operations, Silicon Valley Bank, Santa
Clara, California (“SVB”), was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and
Signature Bank, New York, New York, was closed by the New York State Department of Financial Services, and,
in each case the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) was appointed as receiver. Since then, additional
financial institutions have experienced similar failures and have been placed into receivership. These events lead to
volatility and declines in the market for bank stock and questions regarding confidence in depository institutions.
There is no guarantee that the federal government will guarantee depositors in the event of a future bank closure.
Investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial
financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic
limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing
on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could
adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses or result in breaches of our financial or contractual
obligations which could have material adverse impact on our liquidity and our projected business operations,
financial condition and results of operations.


As a result of uncertain political, credit and financial market conditions, including the potential of the U.S.
government to default on the payment of its obligations for a period of time due to federal debt ceiling limitations or
other unresolved political issues, investments in financial instruments issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government
pose credit default and liquidity risks. A payment default or delay by the U.S. government, or continued uncertainty
surrounding the U.S. debt ceiling, could result in a variety of adverse effects for financial markets, market
participants and U.S. and global economic conditions. In addition, U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns
have increased the possibility a downgrade in the credit rating of the U.S. government and could result in economic
slowdowns or a recession in the U.S. No assurance can be made that losses or significant deterioration in the fair
value of our U.S. government issued or guaranteed investments will not occur. At December 31, 2024, we had
approximately US$1.0 billion invested in government money market funds. Downgrades to the U.S. credit rating
could affect the stability of securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government and the valuation or liquidity of
our portfolio of such investment securities.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            67
RISK FACTORS


The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent the
maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had no short-term investments, cash and cash equivalents of
US$2.6 billion and restricted cash of US$11.3 million as of December 31, 2024, most of which are deposited in
financial institutions outside of China. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from our offering
on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “STAR Offering”) must be used in strict compliance with
the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus for the STAR Offering as well as our proceeds management
policy for the STAR Offering approved by our board of directors. Although our cash and cash equivalents in China
are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions, the deposits placed with these financial institutions
are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial
institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full.


As of December 31, 2024, we held no short-term investments. To the extent we invest in U.S. Treasury securities
as short-term investments in the future, although we believe that such securities are of high credit quality and
continually monitor the credit worthiness of these institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the
U.S. market, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could
adversely affect us.


Failure to meet responsible business and sustainability expectations or standards or achieve our corporate
strategy goals could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or stock price.


There has been focus from global regulators and stakeholders on responsible business and sustainability matters,
including greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks; human capital management; responsible sourcing
and supply chain; human rights and social responsibility; and corporate governance and oversight. As part of
our long-term strategy and in-line with safeguarding sustainable value growth, we actively manage these issues.
We have identified key strategic priorities and set goals that reflect our current plans and aspirations and cannot
guarantee that we will be able to achieve them. Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts and ability
to manage these issues and goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and
other risks, any of which may be outside of our control or could have a material adverse impact on our business,
including on our stock price. Further, there is uncertainty around the accounting standards and climate-related
disclosures associated with emerging sustainability laws and reporting requirements and the related costs to
comply with the emerging regulations. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our sustainability goals or comply
with sustainability-related regulations could expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community and
enforcement authorities. Our reputation also may be harmed by the perceptions that our stakeholders have about
our action or inaction on these sustainability issues.




68     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates, we may lose
market exclusivities in our medicines.


Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our valuable innovations including medicines, drug
candidates and proprietary technologies by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights,
including patent rights. We seek to protect our innovations that we consider commercially important by filing patent
applications in the U.S., the PRC, Europe and other territories, or relying on trade secrets or regulatory exclusivities.


However, filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents/patent applications in all countries worldwide could be
prohibitively expensive. As the patent laws of different countries vary, our patent applications may not be granted
in all countries and the issued patents may have various scope and enforceabilities. In addition, different countries
may provide varying regulatory exclusivities to pharmaceutical drugs, and some countries provide no regulatory
exclusivities. Consequently, we may not have the same patent protection or exclusivities to our medicines or drug
candidates in all countries worldwide. Further, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and
regulatory review of new drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly
after such drug candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us
with sufficient length of exclusivities to our medicines or drug candidates. The issued patents and pending patent
applications, if issued, for our medicines and drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as described
in “Business – Intellectual Property” of this annual report. Upon expiration, we may no longer have exclusivities on
the corresponding medicines or drug candidates.


Moreover, issued patents may be invalidated for a number of reasons, including but not limited to known or
unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty or inventive step of the underlying
invention or technology.


Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial
conditions, results of operations, and prospects.


We have been and may further become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which
could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our medicines and drug
candidates could be found invalid, unenforceable or not infringed by a court or government patent authorities.


Third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be
necessary to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights or to protect our trade secrets. This can be expensive
and time consuming. The third parties may also challenge the validity or enforceability of our patents.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            69
RISK FACTORS


When a generic drug company files an Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) with the FDA seeking approval
to market a generic version of any of our products before the expiration of Orange Book listed patents (“OB
Patents”) covering such products, this will most likely trigger ANDA litigation. For example, on March 8, 2024, our
subsidiaries, BeiGene USA, Inc. and BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, filed patent infringement suits against Sandoz
Inc. (“Sandoz”), and MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and MSN Laboratories Private Ltd. (collectively “MSN”), in the
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, in response to Sandoz’s and MSN’s notices informing their filings
of ANDAs with the FDA regarding BRUKINSA. The success of ANDA litigation depends on the strength of the OB
Patents and our ability to prove infringement. The outcome of ANDA litigation is inherently uncertain and may result
in potential loss of market exclusivity for our products which may have a significant financial impact on product
revenue.


The scope, validity or enforceability of our or our collaborators’ patents may be challenged in court or other
authorities, and we or they may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights
and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a
material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. As such, any issued patents may not protect us
from generic or biosimilar competition for these medicines. Specifically, in patent litigation, defendants often
challenge the validity and/or enforceability of the asserted patents, and there are numerous potential grounds upon
which a patent can be found invalid and/or unenforceable. The validity of a patent can also be challenged before
administrative bodies in the U.S. or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such proceedings could result in
revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our medicines or drug
candidates. The outcome of such proceedings is inherently uncertain and may result in losing the patent protection
on our medicines or drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our
business.


Lawsuits alleging infringing of intellectual property rights of third parties could be costly and time consuming
and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our medicines or drug candidates.


We respect third parties’ valid intellectual property rights and diligently manage any freedom to operate risks
associated with our medicines and drug candidates. Nevertheless, we bear the risk that we may be sued by
third parties for patent infringement. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent applications
belonging to third parties that exist in fields of our medicines and drug candidates. There may also be third-
party patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we
operate, additional patents are likely to be issued that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial
amount of litigation and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand
and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our medicines and drug candidates may give rise to claims of
infringement of the patent rights of others.


For example, on June 13, 2023, Pharmacyclics LLC (“Pharmacyclics”) filed a complaint in the U.S. District
Court for the District of Delaware against us and one of our subsidiaries, alleging that BRUKINSA infringes a
Pharmacyclics’ patent issued on June 13, 2023. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve
substantial litigation expense and divert our technical personnel, management personnel, or both from their normal
responsibilities.




70      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may be
subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one
or more of our medicines and drug candidates. In the event of a successful claim against us of infringement or
misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may have to pay substantial damages, including
treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement, pay royalties or redesign our infringing
medicines and drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and cost.


Even in the absence of litigation, we may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to mitigate freedom to operate
risks and as a result, could impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may also be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged
trade secrets of others.


In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
medicines and drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and
the outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.


Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of
these employees executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and in some cases non-competition agreements
in connection with their previous employment. Our employees may also have access to trade secrets of our
collaboration partners. Although we try our best to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary
information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees
have misappropriated trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employees’ former employers. For
example, in September 2024, AbbVie filed a lawsuit alleging misappropriation of certain trade secrets concerning
our Bruton’s tyrosine kinase degrader program, including lead compound BGB-16673. Defending against such
claims, regardless of their merit, could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we fail in
defending any such claims, we may need to pay monetary damages and lose valuable intellectual property rights.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT            71
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could
be harmed if those third parties fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, provide us with insufficient
quantities of product or provide product at unacceptable quality levels or prices.


Although we manufacture commercial supply of tislelizumab, zanubrutinib, and pamiparib at our manufacturing
facilities in China, and recently opened our commercial-stage biologics manufacturing and clinical R&D center in
New Jersey and a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China, we continue to rely on outside
vendors to manufacture supplies and process some of our medicines and drug candidates. For example, we
have entered into a commercial supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals
(China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) and entered into a commercial supply agreement for BRUKINSA with Catalent
Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”). In addition, we generally rely on our collaboration partners and their third-
party manufacturers for supply of in-licensed medicines in China. We have limited experience in manufacturing or
processing our medicines and drug candidates on a commercial scale. Additionally, we have limited experience
in managing the manufacturing process, and our process may be more difficult or expensive than the approaches
currently in use.


Our reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:


•     we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
      manufacturers is limited and regulatory authorities must evaluate and/or approve any manufacturers as part of
      their regulatory oversight of our medicines and drug candidates;


•     our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our medicines and drug candidates,
      and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us to implement and maintain the
      infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our medicines and drug candidates;


•     our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our medicines and drug candidates or
      produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any;


•     manufacturers are subject to initial and ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and
      corresponding state agencies in the U.S. to ensure strict compliance with GMP requirements, chain of
      distribution requirements and other government regulations and by other comparable regulatory authorities
      for corresponding non-U.S. requirements. Manufacturers may be unable to comply with these GMPs which
      may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension, delay or withdrawal of product
      approval, product liability claims, product seizure or recall and enforcement actions, including injunctions and
      criminal or civil prosecution;




72     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


•    we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to some of the technology used and
     improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our medicines and
     drug candidates;


•    raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
     other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
     component defects;


•    our contract manufacturers and drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their business,
     including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier
     systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or
     pandemics; and


•    manufacturing partners may require us to fund capital improvements to support scale-up of manufacturing
     and related activities to the extent our drug candidates or medicines become approved for commercial sale.


For example, in March 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China
previously supplied to us by BMS, and the drug was subsequently recalled by BMS. This suspension was based on
inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the U.S.


Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development of our drug candidates or commercialization of
our medicines. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our medicines and
drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable,
patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our
company until deficiencies are remedied.


Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            73
RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our medicines and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of
our medicines and drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience
manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political
environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with
their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our medicines for commercial sale and our drug candidates to
patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could
delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and,
depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical
trials completely.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
arrangements.


We have entered into licensing and collaboration agreements and may enter into additional collaboration, licensing
arrangements, or strategic alliances with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research,
development and commercialization efforts. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and
other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders,
or disrupt our management and business.


For example, in 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its commercial-stage
oncology products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS and a portfolio of clinical – and late-preclinical-stage
oncology pipeline products. In 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis Pharma
AG (“Novartis”), granting Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize our anti-PD-1 antibody
tislelizumab in certain territories, but that agreement was terminated in September 2023 and we regained full, global
rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab. In December 2021, we entered into an option,
collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize our investigational
TIGIT inhibitor, ociperlimab, in North America, Europe, and Japan, terminated that agreement in July 2023 and
regained full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab. In December 2024, we entered
into a global licensing agreement with CSPC Zhongqi Pharmaceutical Technology (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd. for a
methionine adenosyltransferase 2A (MAT2A)-inhibitor being explored for solid tumors.




74     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Our strategic collaborations involve numerous risks. We may not achieve the revenue and cost synergies
expected from our collaborations, and our management’s attention may be diverted from our drug discovery and
development business. These synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic
and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control.
If we achieve the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Additionally,
strategic collaborations can be terminated for various reasons, including future acquisitions.


We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-
consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic collaboration
for our medicines and drug candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development
for collaborative effort. If and when we collaborate with a third-party for development and commercialization of a
medicine or drug candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that
medicine or drug candidate to the third-party. For any medicines or drug candidates that we may seek to in-license
from third parties, we may face significant competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies
with greater resources or capabilities than us, and any agreement that we do enter may not result in the anticipated
benefits.


Collaborations involving our medicines and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the
following:


•    collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
     collaboration;


•    collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates and medicines or
     may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
     changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other
     external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;


•    collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
     abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
     candidate for clinical testing;


•    collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
     indirectly with our medicines or drug candidates;


•    a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more medicines may not commit sufficient
     resources to their marketing and distribution or may set prices that reduce the profitability of the medicines;


•    collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
     property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
     jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT                75
RISK FACTORS


•    disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
     development or commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or
     arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; and


•    collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our medicines and drug candidates that
     results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to
     commercialize such intellectual property.


•    As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, licensing
     arrangements or strategic alliances if we are unable to successfully integrate products with our existing
     operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business.
     We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will be able to fulfill all of
     our contractual obligations in a timely manner or achieve the revenue, specific net income or other goals
     that justify such transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely
     basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce
     or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential
     commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and
     undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense.


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
adversely affected.


We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our approved medicines. For example, we rely on sole third-party
distributors to distribute some of our in-licensed approved medicines in China and multiple third-party distributors
for the distribution of our internally developed medicines. We also expect to rely on third-party distributors to
distribute our other internally developed and in-licensed medicines, if approved. Our ability to maintain and grow
our business will depend on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery
of our medicines. However, we have relatively limited control over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our
medicines in the manner we contemplate. If price controls or other factors substantially reduce the margins our
distributors can obtain through the resale of our medicines to hospitals, medical institutions and sub-distributors,
they may terminate their relationship with us. While we believe alternative distributors are readily available, there is
a risk that, if the distribution of our medicines is interrupted, our sales volumes and business prospects could be
adversely affected.




76     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


We have a collaboration agreement with Amgen pursuant to which we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate
on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China, and the
global development and commercialization in China of a portfolio of Amgen’s clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
pipeline products. Amgen has paused or stopped development of some of the pipeline assets due to portfolio
prioritization, and the parties expect that the development plan for the pipeline assets will continue to evolve over
time. In connection with our ongoing assessment of the collaboration agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of LUMAKRAS (sotorasib) (“AMG 510”), a first-in-class
KRAS G12C inhibitor, was no longer commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into
an amendment to the collaboration agreement to (i) stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of
AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to
prepare a transition plan with the termination of AMG 510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Additionally,
for the period between 2020 and 2022, we were advised by Amgen that its applications to the Human Genetic
Resources Administration of China (“HGRAC”) to obtain approval to conduct clinical studies in China for the
pipeline assets were delayed. Approval from the HGRAC is required for the initiation of clinical trials involving the
collection of human genetic materials in China. We do not expect the previous HGRAC delay to affect the conduct
of the clinical trials in China for our drug candidates. The Amgen collaboration involves numerous risks, including
unanticipated costs and diversion of our management’s attention from our other drug discovery and development
business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s
oncology products in China, which could disrupt our business and harm our financial results.


We may rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for or commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and our business could be
substantially harmed.


We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely to some extent upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage
data and provide other services for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We may rely on these parties
for execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the
applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does
not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators
are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by regulatory authorities for all
of our drug candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with
applicable GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed
unreliable and regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our
marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with drug product produced under
GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would
delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigations and enforcement
actions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            77
RISK FACTORS


If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.


Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


At the beginning of 2024, we had approximately 10,500 employees, and we ended the year with over 11,000
employees, an increase of approximately 5%. As of the date of this annual report, we had over 11,000 employees.
As our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must
add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, drug development, clinical, regulatory affairs,
manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel in the U.S., China, Europe and other regions. Our
recent growth and any anticipated future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of
management, including: identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;
managing the growth in our research, clinical operations, commercial, and supporting functions; and improving
our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Our management may
also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a
substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.


We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.
If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully implement
the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our medicines and drug candidates and,
accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.




78     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Additionally, we have invested, and are investing significant time, resources and capital into the expansion of our
facilities, including the creation of additional capacity at our Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities and
the construction of our Hopewell facility. If actual demand for our medicines does not meet our future projections,
we will likely incur increased costs related to idle capacity including, but not limited to, acceleration of the timing of
depreciation or impairment charges, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.


Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory board, and director; John V. Oyler,
our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors; Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., our President
and Chief Operating Officer; Aaron Rosenberg, our Chief Financial Officer; and the other principal members of our
management and scientific teams play a critical role in the Company’s operations and development. Although we
have employment agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent
our executives from terminating their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance
for any of our executives or other employees.


Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash
incentives, we have provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest over time or
based on performance conditions. The value to employees of these equity grants that may be significantly affected
by movements in our share price that are beyond our control and may be insufficient to counteract more lucrative
offers from other companies.


In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating
and executing our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization strategy. The loss of
the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede the achievement of
our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to
successfully implement our business strategy.


Furthermore, replacing executives, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.


We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             79
RISK FACTORS


Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the collection
and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be stringent and many are subject to change
and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business practices,
significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.


Regulatory authorities around the world have implemented industry-specific laws and regulations that affect the
collection and transfer of personal data. For example, in China, the Regulation on the Administration of Human
Genetic Resources (“HGR” and, such regulation, the “HGR Regulation”) applies to activities that involve sampling,
biobanking, use of HGR materials and associated data, in China, and provision of such materials to non-PRC
parties. The HGR Regulation prohibits both onshore or offshore entities established or actually controlled by non-
PRC entities and individuals from sampling or biobanking any China HGR in China and require approval for the
sampling of certain HGR and biobanking of all HGR by Chinese parties. Approval for any export or cross-border
transfer of HGR material is required, and transfer of China HGR data by Chinese parties to non-PRC parties or
entities established or actually controlled by them also requires the Chinese parties to file, before the transfer, a
copy of the data to the HGR administration for record. The HGR Regulation also requires that non-PRC parties
ensure the full participation of Chinese parties in international collaborations and all records and data must be
shared with the Chinese parties. The Implementing Rules for the HGR Regulation and additional issued guidance
has clarified many areas of the HGR Regulation. For information about applications under the HGR Regulation for
clinical studies in China that may affect the Amgen collaboration, see the risk factor titled “If we are not able to
successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected benefits of the collaboration
will not materialize.”


Additionally, the Cyberspace Administration of China (“CAC”) released the final Measures of Cross-Border Data
Transfer Security Assessment, effective as of September 2022, under which any transfer of certain “important data”
out of China triggers a security assessment to be conducted by the Chinese government. The term “important data”
is a broadly defined term under the Cybersecurity Law and Data Security Law, and further clarifications need to be
put in place by the Chinese government. However, under the latest draft Information Security Technology – Guideline
for Identification of Critical Data, HGR data is classified as “important data,” and if the guidance is finalized as
is, it can be expected that this new cross-border data transfer rule may create considerable additional regulatory
burdens on international companies’ human gene-involved R&D activities in China.


If the Chinese parties fail to comply with data protection laws, regulations and practice standards, and our research
data is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could result in a loss
of our confidential information and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. It is possible that
these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our or our collaborators’ practices,
potentially resulting in suspension of relevant ongoing clinical trials or the initiation of new trials, confiscation
of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines, disgorgement of illegal gains, or temporary or
permanent debarment of our or our collaborators’ entities and responsible persons from further HGR projects
and, consequently, a de-facto ban from initiating new clinical trials in China. So far, the HGR administration has
disclosed a number of HGR violation cases.




80      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


To further enhance the administration of China HGR, in 2021, the Chinese government adopted amendments to
the Criminal Code, which criminalize the illegal collection of China HGR, the illegal transfer of China HGR materials
outside of China, and the transfer of China HGR data to non-PRC parties or entities established or actually
controlled by them without going through security review and assessment. Also in 2021, the PRC Biosecurity
Law became effective. The PRC Biosecurity Law establishes an integrated system to regulate biosecurity-related
activities in China, including the security regulation of HGR and biological resources. The PRC Biosecurity Law for
the first time expressly declared that China has sovereignty over its HGR and further endorsed the HGR Regulation
by recognizing the fundamental regulatory principles and systems established by it over the utilization of Chinese
HGR by foreign entities in China. Although the Biosecurity Law does not provide any specific new regulatory
requirements on HGR, as it is a law adopted by China’s highest legislative authority, it gives the National Health
Commission, China’s major regulatory authority of HGR, significantly more power and discretion to regulate HGR
and it is expected that the overall regulatory landscape for Chinese HGR will continue to evolve and become even
more rigorous. In addition, the interpretation and application of data protection laws in China are often uncertain
and in flux.


We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public
going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to
significant penalties, including fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays
in receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or interruption of
production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


We currently have multiple manufacturing facilities in China. We recently opened our commercial-stage biologics
manufacturing and clinical R&D center in New Jersey and a new small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou,
China. These facilities may encounter unanticipated delays and expenses in startup operations due to a number
of factors, including regulatory requirements. If expansion, regulatory evaluation and/or approval of our facilities
are delayed, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our medicines and drug candidates, which
would limit our development and commercialization activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns
associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional funds from other
sources.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT            81
RISK FACTORS


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” our
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection in connection with clinical development and new drug approvals
and ongoing, periodic inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure
compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements. Historically, some manufacturing facilities in China have
had difficulty meeting the FDA’s, NMPA’s or EMA’s standards. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to
such GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products
for clinical or commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent
filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our medicines. We
also may encounter problems with achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or
other comparable regulatory agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield
and costs, as well as shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors.


Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of
approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or medicines, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.


To supply commercial quantities for our marketed products, produce our medicines in the quantities that we
believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand, and to supply clinical drug material to support the
continued growth of our clinical programs, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by
a significant factor over the initial level of production, which will require substantial additional expenditures and
various regulatory approvals and permits. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our medicines
in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand. Furthermore, developing advanced manufacturing techniques and
process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities. Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our
facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.


If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly
or inexpensively restore our manufacturing capacity or restore it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted
loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any medicines manufactured at that facility. Any interruption in manufacturing
operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or
commercialization. Any disruption that impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates or medicines in a
timely manner could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property, plant and equipment in amounts
we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to
reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug
candidates and medicines if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities
or processes.




82     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal
controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these
requirements.


As a public company listed in the U.S., Hong Kong and Shanghai, we are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the listing rules of the Nasdaq Global
Select Market (“NASDAQ”), The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) and the STAR Market of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with
applicable requirements. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain
corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to
these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
make some activities more time-consuming and costly.


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we
must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and
expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the market price of our shares
could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, HKEx, China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), SSE or
other applicable regulatory authorities, and our business could be harmed.


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.


From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic collaborations, including licensing or
acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-
process or potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including:


•    increased operating expenses and cash requirements;


•    the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;


•    the issuance of our equity securities;


•    assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
     associated with integrating new personnel;




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           83
RISK FACTORS


•    the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
     such a strategic merger or acquisition;


•    retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
     relationships;


•    risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
     party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals, including applicable antitrust and
     trade regulation laws in the relevant U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we or the operations or assets we
     seek to acquire carry on business; and


•    our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
     undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.


In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or strategic collaborations, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or
incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant
future amortization expense. For example, in connection with our transaction with Amgen, we issued to Amgen
a total of 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs in 2020, representing 20.5% of the then issued share
capital of the Company after giving effect to the share issuance, which resulted in Amgen becoming our largest
shareholder and the ownership of our existing shareholders being diluted.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), have established additional
procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time
consuming and complex. For example, the M&A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the
“MOFCOM”) be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control
of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that
have or may have impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control
of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, under the Anti-
Monopoly Law of the PRC and the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings
issued by the State Council, a transaction by way of merger, acquisition or contractual arrangement that allow one
market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player requires advanced notice
to the State Administration for Market Regulation (the “SAMR”) when such threshold is crossed and shall not be
implemented without the clearance of prior notification. In addition, the Measures for Security Review of Foreign
Investment and the Regulations on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of
Domestic Enterprise by Foreign Investors (the “Security Review Rules”) specify that mergers and acquisitions by
foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which
foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns
are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by
structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.
Furthermore, according to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if a Chinese overseas listed company issues
overseas listed securities to acquire assets, such issuance would be subject to filing requirements with the CSRC.




84     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We may also be subject to similar review and regulations in other jurisdictions, such as the laws and regulations on
foreign investment in the U.S. under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
(“CFIUS”) and other agencies, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act.


In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
consuming, and any required approval or filing processes, including obtaining approval from or filing with
CFIUS, the SAMR, the MOFCOM, the CSRC or other agencies may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such
transactions. It is unclear whether those complementary businesses we may acquire in the future would be deemed
to be in an industry that raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns. Furthermore, CFIUS,
SAMR, MOFCOM, CSRC or other government agencies may make further determinations that increase the scrutiny
of our future acquisitions in the U.S. or the PRC or prohibits such acquisitions. Our ability to expand our business
or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely
affected.


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits us from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also
subject to the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. The anti-bribery laws in
China generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. As our business has
expanded, the applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.


We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of U.S., PRC or other countries’ anti-corruption and related laws. Although we have policies
and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply with anti-bribery laws, there is
no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees and intermediaries from engaging
in bribery activities. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with
applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil
penalties, including but not limited to imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, suspension of our ability to do business
with the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from participation in
government healthcare programs, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             85
RISK FACTORS


If we or our CROs or contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) fail to comply with environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on our business.


We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and waste. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into operation
after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste. We cannot eliminate the
risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use
of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and such liability could exceed our
insurance coverage. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.


In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development,
manufacturing or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in
substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.


Our information technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer
security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization
efforts.


Despite the implementation of security measures, our information technology systems and those of our contractors
and collaborators, are vulnerable to damage from internal or external events, such as cyberattacks, computer
viruses, unauthorized access to systems and data, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud,
wrongful conduct by insider employees and vendors, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, business
email compromises, social engineering (including phishing attacks), computer malware, malicious codes, wrongful
intrusions, and other similar activities, as well as natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and
electrical failures, which can compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems. Such threats
are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources. Although,
to our knowledge, we have not experienced any material cyber incidents or data breaches to date, if such an event
were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our research,
development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization efforts and our business operations.




86         BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, banking information of
our vendors, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications
and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced vendors. Because information systems, networks and other
technologies are critical to many of our operating activities, shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or
vendors that provide information systems, networks, or other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions
may be caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing attacks, ransomware, business email compromises,
social engineering (including phishing attacks), dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive
or disruptive software, denial-of-service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events could cause loss of
data, damage to systems and data and leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access important data
needed to operate our business. Like other companies in our industry, we, and our contractors and collaborators,
have experienced and will continue to experience cybersecurity threats and incidents relating to our information
technology systems and infrastructure, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, email compromise attacks,
ransomware, or other cyber-attacks. Such threats could adversely affect our security, leave us without access
to important systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information and expose our confidential
data. For example, one of our third-party vendors experienced a business email compromise which resulted in us
sending payment to a fraudulent bank account. Funds were successfully recovered in this case, but it is possible
that to the extent a similar future event occurs, funds will not be recoverable. In addition, system redundancy may
be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities.
Significant events could result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of revenues.


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/
or systems. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our
information technology systems or those of our vendors occurs, we could be required to provide legal notifications
and disclosures, as well as expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond to these threats
or breaches and to repair or replace information systems or networks and could suffer financial loss or the loss of
valuable confidential information.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             87
RISK FACTORS


In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private
litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and
regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices.
Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we
have processes to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and
processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome
security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these
events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. It is possible that the risk of cyber-attacks or other privacy or data
security incidents may be heightened as a result of our remote working environment, which may be less secure
and more susceptible to hacking attacks. As we outsource more of our information systems to vendors, engage
in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely more on cloud-based information systems, the
related security risks will increase and we will need to expend additional resources to protect our technology and
information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that our internal information technology systems or
those of our contractors and collaborators, as well as our and their efforts to implement adequate security and
control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against breakdowns, service disruptions, data deterioration
or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a
cyberattack, data breach, ransomware, industrial espionage attack or insider threat attack that could adversely
affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential
or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. Further, our
contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations
of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our privacy and
data security obligations. Further, although we maintain cyber liability insurance, this insurance may not provide
adequate coverage against potential liabilities related to any experienced cybersecurity incident or breach.


The increasing use of artificial intelligence-based software (including machine learning) and social media
platforms may result in reputation harm or liability or could otherwise adversely affect our business.


The use of artificial intelligence-based software is increasingly being used in the biopharmaceutical and global
healthcare industries. As with many developing technologies, artificial intelligence-based software presents risks
and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. For
example, algorithms may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information;
and inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results.
If the analyses that artificial intelligence applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be
subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of artificial
intelligence-based software may lead to the inadvertent release of confidential information which may impact our
ability to realize the benefit of our intellectual property.




88      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


A growing number of laws and regulations are being adopted focused on enforcement efforts surrounding artificial
intelligence and the use of such technologies in compliance with ethical standards and societal expectations. For
example, the EU’s Artificial Intelligence Act imposes significant obligations on providers and deployers of artificial
intelligence systems, and encourages ethical principles in the development and use of these systems. Likewise,
in the U.S., several states passed laws to regulate various uses of artificial intelligence. In addition, various federal
regulators have issued guidance and focused enforcement efforts on the use of artificial intelligence in regulated
sectors. The FDA, for example, issued guidance on the use of artificial intelligence in medical devices, requiring
detailed risk management and review processes to obtain approvals. We currently use systems that incorporate
artificial intelligence, and if we develop or continue to use artificial intelligence systems governed by these laws
or regulations, we will need to apply significant resources to design, develop, test and maintain such systems in
accordance with applicable law and regulation, with the potential for significant enforcement or litigation in the
event of any perceived non-compliance.


Additionally, our vendors may incorporate artificial intelligence tools into their offerings, and the providers of these
artificial intelligence tools may not meet regulatory standards, including with respect to privacy and data security.
Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including artificial intelligence, to
engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information and
intellectual property. Any of these effects could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and
information, cause us to breach applicable laws and regulations, and adversely impact our business.


Relatedly, social media platforms are increasingly being used to communicate about our products and the diseases
our medicines and drug candidates are designed to treat. Social media practices in the biopharmaceutical industry
continue to evolve and regulations relating to such use are not always clear and create uncertainty and risk of
noncompliance with regulations applicable to our business. For example, patients may use social media channels
to comment on the effectiveness of a product or to report an alleged adverse event. When such disclosures occur,
there is a risk that we may fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse event reporting obligations. There is
also a risk of negative or inaccurate posts about us on social media, including criticism regarding our medicines or
drug candidates. The immediacy of social media precludes us from having real-time control over postings made
regarding our company, medicines or drug candidates. Our reputation could be damaged by negative publicity
posted on social media platforms which we may not be able to timely reverse. If any of these events were to occur
or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face restrictive regulatory actions
or incur other harm to our business.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT             89
RISK FACTORS


Our failure to comply with privacy and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government
enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.


In the U.S., Europe, China, and many other jurisdictions where we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations
that address privacy, personal information protection, use of artificial intelligence-based software and data
security. Numerous laws and regulations, including, without limitation, privacy laws (such as the European Union’s
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or similar laws), security breach notification laws (such as Australia’s
amendment to the Privacy Act), health information privacy laws (such as the United States’ Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) and the Human Genetic Resources Administration of China’s rules), and
consumer protection laws (such as the United States’ Federal Trade Commission’s unfair or deceptive practices
rules, or California’s Consumer Privacy Act), govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related
and other personal information. A subset of these laws also have strict requirements governing the cross-border
transfer of, or access to, personal information (see the risk factor titled “Compliance with the Data Security Law of
the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”), Cybersecurity Review Measures, Personal Information
Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PIPL”), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level
protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and
could materially affect our business. ”).


The legal and regulatory landscape around data privacy is rapidly changing with countries, states and other
localities passing new laws and regulations every year. For example, the U.S. Department of Justice issued
regulations implementing Executive Order (“EO”) 14117, “Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal
Data and United Stated Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern,” which are expected to become
effective in April 2025 and prohibit transactions involving access to bulk sensitive data by countries of concern,
such as China (including Hong Kong and Macau), Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Venezuela. For example,
the regulations prohibit transactions involving human genomic data and biospecimens of more than 100 U.S.
individuals, except where necessary for specified exempt activities, such as for regulatory approvals, clinical
investigations in support of FDA applications, and post-marketing surveillance. Tracking and complying with these
laws and regulations requires significant time and expenses and could materially affect our business. By way of
example and without limitation, these laws may require updating of contracts, informed consent forms, clinical trial
protocols and privacy notices; changes to company procedures and corporate structures; limiting what personal
information we collect, who has access to it and how/where we use it; performing internal assessments; changes
to the security and hosting solution of our systems; changes to vendors and other third parties that we work with;
specific reporting and remediation efforts in the event of a data breach; and even opening our business up for
external assessments by government bodies.




90      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Given the variability and evolving state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new
requirements, and we may face challenges in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in their
interpretation. Additionally, we may experience a reportable data breach (see the risk factor titled “Our information
technology systems, or those used by our contractors or collaborators, may fail or suffer security breaches, which
could result in a material disruption of our product development and commercialization efforts ”). Any failure or
perceived failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to significant administrative,
civil or criminal fines or other penalties and negatively impact our reputation and our ability to participate in certain
government-supported programs. For severe violations, in some countries these laws even allow courts and
government agencies to delay or halt transfer of personal information, require deletion of personal information, or
even order we stop collection, use or other processing of personal information in that country. All of these could
materially harm our business, prospects, and financial condition or even disrupt our operations.


These laws apply not just to us, but also to those vendors working on our behalf, as well as our business partners.
Any actual or perceived failure of them to comply with these laws and regulations could impact the services they
provide to us, our collaborations with them and our reputation; additionally, there is a risk of liability flowing to us
under certain contractual and/or legal conditions.


Compliance with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Data Security Law”),
Cybersecurity Review Measures, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PIPL”), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme (the “MLPS”) and any other
future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business.


China has implemented extensive data protection, privacy and information security rules and is considering a
number of additional proposals relating to these subject areas. We face significant uncertainties and risks related to
these laws, regulations and policies, some of which were only recently enacted, and the interpretation of these legal
requirements by government regulators as applied to biotechnology companies like us. For example, we collect
and maintain de-identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical trials in compliance that could be deemed
“personal data” or “important data” by government regulators. With China’s growing emphasis of its sovereignty
over data derived from China, the outbound transmission of de-identified or pseudonymized health data for clinical
trials may be subject to the new national security legal regime, including the Data Security Law, the Cyber Security
Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Cyber Security Law”), the PIPL, and various implementing regulations
and standards.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT             91
RISK FACTORS


China’s Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted based on “data
classification and hierarchical protection system” for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities in China
from transferring data stored in China to foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior
approval by the relevant PRC authority. The classification of data is based on its importance in economic and social
development, as well as the degree of harm expected to be caused to national security, public interests, or the
legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations if such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, or
illegally acquired or used.


The Cyber Security Law requires companies to take certain measures to ensure the security of their networks and
data stored on their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides that companies adopt an MLPS, under
which network operators are required to perform obligations of security protection to ensure that the network is
free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being disclosed, stolen or
tampered. Under the MLPS, entities operating information systems must have a thorough assessment of the risks
and the conditions of their information and network systems to determine the level to which the entity’s information
and network systems belong, from the lowest Level 1 to the highest Level 5 pursuant to a series of national
standards on the grading and implementation of the classified protection of cybersecurity. The grading result will
determine the set of security protection obligations that entities must comply with and when relevant government
authority examination and approval is required.


Under the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law, we are required to establish and maintain a comprehensive
data and network security management system that will enable us to monitor and respond appropriately to data
security and network security risks. We are obligated to notify affected individuals and appropriate Chinese
regulators of and respond to any data security and network security incidents. Chinese authorities have issued
guidance, regulations, and amendments that continue to evolve the required standard of security and potential
liabilities for violations. For example, the Network Data Security Management Regulations issued in September
2024 impose detailed and prescriptive requirements for protecting network security. Establishing and maintaining
such systems takes substantial time, effort and cost, and we may not be able to establish and maintain such
systems as fully as needed to ensure compliance with our legal obligations. Despite our investment, such systems
may not adequately protect us or enable us to appropriately respond to or mitigate all data security and network
security risks or incidents we may face.




92     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, under the Data Security Law, data categorized as “important data,” which will be determined by
governmental authorities in the form of catalogs, is to be processed and handled with a higher level of protection.
The notion of important data is not clearly defined by the Cyber Security Law or the Data Security Law. In order to
comply with the statutory requirements, we will need to determine whether we possess important data, monitor
the important data catalogs that are expected to be published by local governments and departments, perform
risk assessments and ensure we are complying with reporting obligations to applicable regulators. We may also be
required to disclose to regulators business sensitive or network security-sensitive details regarding our processing
of important data and may need to pass the government security review or obtain government approval in order to
share important data with offshore recipients, which can include foreign licensors, or share data stored in mainland
China with judicial and law enforcement authorities outside of mainland China. If judicial and law enforcement
authorities outside mainland China require us to provide data stored in mainland China, and we are not able to pass
any required government security review or obtain any required government approval to do so, we may not be able
to meet the non-PRC authorities’ requirements and may be unable to share information outside of China which
may disrupt the operation of our business. The potential conflicts in legal obligations could have adverse impacts
on our operations in and outside of mainland China. PRC regulatory authorities have also enhanced the supervision
and regulation of cross-border data transmission. The Data Security Law prohibits entities and individuals in China
from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval
from competent PRC authority and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation
of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fines, suspension of relevant business,
and revocation of business permits or licenses. Moreover, the CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security
Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission (effective September 2022) and the Provisions on Promoting and
Standardizing Cross-Border Data Flows (effective March 2024), which provide certain clarification and relaxation to
the compliance mechanisms for cross-border transfer of personal information, and provide several exemptions from
undergoing security assessment, obtaining personal information protection certification, or entering into prescribed
agreement for cross-border transfer of personal information for businesses. The provisions also explicitly state that
data processors are not required to conduct data security assessment for cross-border important data transfers
if the concerning data has not been notified or published as important data by relevant departments or regions.
According to these measures, personal data processors are subject to security assessment prior to any cross-
border transfer of data if the transfer involves (i) important data; (ii) personal information transferred overseas by
operators of critical information infrastructure; (iii) non-sensitive personal data of more than 1 million persons or
sensitive personal data of more than 10,000 persons transferred overseas since January 1 of the current year; or
(iv) other circumstances as requested by the CAC. Though these measures have already taken effect, substantial
uncertainties still exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of these measures in practice and how
they will affect our business operation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT            93
RISK FACTORS


The CAC has taken action against several Chinese internet companies listed on U.S. securities exchanges for
alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information of Chinese data subjects.
According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law of the People’s
Republic of China (the “National Security Law”), the Cyber Security Law and the Cybersecurity Review Measures.
Effective as of February 2022, the CAC, together with 12 other PRC governmental authorities, promulgated the
Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, pursuant to which critical information infrastructure operators procuring
network products and services and online platform operators carrying out data processing activities, which affect or
may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review. In addition, online platform operators possessing
personal information of more than one million users seeking to be listed on foreign stock markets must apply for
a cybersecurity review. The relevant competent governmental authorities may also initiate a cybersecurity review
against the relevant operators if the authorities believe that the network product or service or data processing
activities of such operators affect or may affect national security. There are still uncertainties as to the exact scope
of network product or service or data processing activities that will or may affect national security, and the PRC
government authorities may have discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these measures.


Additionally, the State Council published the Administrative Regulations on Cyber Data Security (“Cyber Data
Security Regulations”, effective January 1, 2025), pursuant to which data processors are required to identify and
report important data. Important data processors shall further adopt specific measures to secure the important
data, such as designing the personnel and management institution responsible for the network data security,
conducting risk assessment for the sharing, entrusted processing and joint processing of important data, and
submit the annual risk assessment reports to competent authorities. Furthermore, data processors shall be subject
to national security review if their cyber data processing activities affect or may affect national security.


There remain uncertainties as to how widespread the cybersecurity or national security review requirement and the
enforcement action will be and what effect they will have on the life sciences sector generally and the Company
in particular. China’s regulators may impose penalties for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of
operations, and the imposition of any such penalties on our business could cause a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs
and RMB Shares, and could lead to our delisting from NASDAQ. As of the date of this annual report, we have not
received any notice from any Chinese regulatory authority identifying us as a “critical information infrastructure
operator,” “online platform operator” or “data processor” requiring us to go through the cybersecurity review
procedures pursuant to the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures or national security review under the Cyber
Data Security Regulations. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the regulations if enacted as currently
proposed, will be interpreted or implemented and whether the Chinese regulatory authorities will adopt additional
regulations. We intend to closely monitor the evolving laws and regulations in this area and take all reasonable
measures to mitigate compliance risks, we cannot guarantee that our business and operations will not be
adversely affected by the potential impact of the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, the Cyber Data Security
Regulations or other laws and regulations related to privacy, data protection and information security.




94     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Additionally, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of the PRC promulgated the PIPL, which
expands data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by
organizations and individuals in China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of
China if such processing is for purposes of providing products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the
behavior of, persons in China. The PIPL also provides that critical information infrastructure operators and personal
information processing entities that process personal information meeting a volume threshold are also required
to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment for any
export of such personal information. Lastly, the PIPL contains proposals for significant fines for serious violations of
up to RMB50 million, or 5% of annual revenues from the prior year, and penalties, including that companies found
to have violated the PIPL may be ordered to suspend any related activity.


Interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and
their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation or changes in
enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and the PIPL could significantly
increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or even
prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we
may operate in the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations
relating to privacy, data protection and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform
could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related
implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with such law or regulation, or any compromise of
security that results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the
perception or allegation that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our
reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines,
suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private claims or litigation, any of which could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our practices are not
subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created
by the Data Security Law and the actions taken by the Chinese government could materially adversely affect our
ability, on favorable terms, to raise capital in the U.S. and other markets in the future.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT            95
RISK FACTORS


If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, manufacture, sale
and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.


We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, manufacture,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, manufacture, promote, sell and distribute our products
may be subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such
inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses
and certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or parties on whom we rely to obtain
any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business, there can
be no assurance that we or parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by government shutdowns, public health
crises, natural catastrophes, or other business interruptions outside of our control.


Our global operations and those of our third-party contractors and collaborators expose us to natural or man-
made disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, explosions, public health crises, such as epidemics
or pandemics, terrorist activity, wars, political uncertainty, or other business interruptions outside of our control.
Furthermore, we do not maintain any insurance other than property insurance for some of our buildings, vehicles
and equipment. Accordingly, unexpected business interruptions resulting from disasters could disrupt our
operations and thereby result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. For example, our Guangzhou
manufacturing facility was hit by a typhoon in 2019 and although the typhoon did not cause material damage to the
facility, the boundary area and the adjacent land were flooded, causing a power outage for a few days. Afterwards,
we fortified the facility to help prevent future interruptions. A significant disruption at our manufacturing facilities,
even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to timely produce products, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.


Our production process requires a continuous supply of electricity. We have encountered power shortages
historically in China due to restricted power supply to industrial users during summers when the usage of electricity
is high and supply is limited or as a result of damage to the electricity supply network. Because the duration of
those power shortages was brief, they had no material impact on our operations. Longer interruptions of electricity
supply could result in lengthy production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and
the loss of production in progress. Any major suspension or termination of electricity or other unexpected business
interruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




96     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We also rely in part on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our medicines and drug candidates.
Our ability to obtain supplies of our medicines and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these
suppliers are affected by man-made or natural disasters, public health crises or other business interruptions which
could cause us to delay or cease development or commercialization of some or all of our medicines and drug
candidates. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research
and development of our drug candidates, and they may be affected by such business interruptions, government
shutdowns or withdrawn funding. For example, the ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be
affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy
changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government
funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund
research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable.
Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be
reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. If a
prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and
process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future
government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order
to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Currently, federal agencies in the U.S. are operating under a
continuing resolution that is set to expire on March 14, 2025. Without appropriation of additional funding to federal
agencies, our business operations related to our product development activities for the U.S. market could be
impacted.


In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our business and our financial performance, and future
global pandemics or other public health crises could have similar negative impacts, including delays or other
disruptions to required regulatory inspections of our development activities, regulatory filings, manufacturing
operations, or clinical trial recruitment and progress. Additionally, the commercial or clinical supply of our medicines
and drug candidates could be negatively impacted due to reduced operations or a shutdown of our or our third-
party manufacturing facilities, distribution channels and transportation systems, or shortages of raw materials and
drug product. Additionally, as seen in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, public health crises may result
in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of a virus, including quarantines,
travel restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns. These measures may negatively affect our business
by inducing absenteeism or employee turnover, disrupting our operations, increasing the risk of a cybersecurity
incident, or other business disruptions outside of our control.


Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks, included related environmental regulation, could
have a material adverse impact on our business operations, clients and customers.


The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to assess and predict. Our business and the activities of our
clients and customers could be impacted by climate change. Climate change could manifest as a financial risk
either through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy,
including related environmental regulation of companies with respect to risks posed by climate change.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            97
RISK FACTORS


The physical impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and
severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to
health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other
adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities
and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the
operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. Furthermore, related environmental regulation
as a response to climate change could result in additional costs in the form of taxes and investments of capital to
maintain complacent with such laws. We bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or
destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may
be attributable to climate change and could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position or
results of operation.


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.


We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our medicines in the U.S., China,
Europe and other markets, and for the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug candidates
globally. For example, we may be sued if our medicines or drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause
injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn
of dangers inherent in the medicine, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be
asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain
indemnification from our collaborators for product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:
decreased demand for our medicines; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability
to continue clinical trials; initiation of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion
of our management’s time and resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product
recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available
insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize any medicine or drug candidate; and a decline in
our share price.


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.




98     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


We are subject to the risks and challenges of doing business globally, which may adversely affect our business
operations.


Our business is subject to risks and challenges associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our
business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a
specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes in laws
and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies
and procedures to operating environments different from that of the U.S.; difficulty of effective enforcement
of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in certain countries;
enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection measures or disputes,
import or export licensing requirements, and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges;
laws and regulations on foreign investment in the U.S. under the jurisdiction of the CFIUS and other agencies; the
effects of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; the impact of public health crises
on employees, our operations and the global economy; restrictions on international travel and commerce; and
significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates. In addition, in 2017 the United Kingdom Financial
Conduct Authority (“UKFCA”), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), announced that it
would no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator. Following
June 30, 2023, the UKFCA ceased to publish one month, three month and six month USD LIBOR settings. In the
U.S., the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (“ARRC”), a steering committee assembled by the Federal Reserve
Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, was tasked with identifying alternative reference rates to replace
LIBOR. The AARC selected, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has recommended, the Secured Overnight
Finance Rate (“SOFR”) as an alternative to LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash in the
overnight U.S. treasury market. LIBOR and SOFR have significant differences: LIBOR was an unsecured lending
rate and SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR is a forward-looking rate that
reflected term rates at different maturities. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to
SOFR or other alternative reference rates, and as such, the replacement of LIBOR could have an adverse effect on
the market for, or value of, LIBOR-linked financial instruments. Failure to manage these risks and challenges could
negatively affect our ability to expand our businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT            99
RISK FACTORS


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.


The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification
intended to address concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) and other perceived international tax
avoidance techniques as a result of both coordinated actions by governments, such as the OECD/G20 Inclusive
Framework on BEPS, and unilateral measures designed by individual countries. For example, the Cayman Islands
has enacted the International Tax Co-operation (Economic Substance) Law (2020 Revision) (the “Economic
Substance Law”), which originally took effect on January 1, 2019, and which is accompanied by Guidance on
Economic Substance for Geographically Mobile Activities (Version 2.0; April 30, 2019) published by the Cayman
Islands Tax Information Authority. The Economic Substance Law embraces a global initiative to combat BEPS
and demonstrates the continued commitment of the Cayman Islands to international best practice. The Economic
Substance Law provides that relevant entities that existed before January 1, 2019 and that had been conducting
relevant activities by that date must comply with the economic substance requirements from July 1, 2019, and
relevant entities that are established from January 1, 2019 onwards must comply with the requirements from
the date they commence the relevant activity. Although we believe that we currently are not obliged to meet the
economic substance requirements under the Economic Substance Law, we cannot predict any changes to the
legislation or its interpretation in the future. If we are obliged to meet certain economic substance requirements in
the future, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are required to make changes
to our business in order to gain compliance or if we fail to comply.


We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that
our rulings are consistent with accepted tax ruling practices, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be
predicted and could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.




100    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
United States or other governments and the significant oversight and discretion the PRC government has
over the conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and
expansion strategies.


Due to our operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be
influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes in
government relations between China and the U.S. or other governments. There is significant uncertainty about the
future relationship between the U.S. and China with respect to trade policies, data sharing, treaties, government
regulations and tariffs. China’s economy differs from the economies of other countries in many respects, including
with respect to the level of development, growth rate, amount of government involvement, regulation of foreign
exchange and allocation of resources. While China’s economy has experienced significant growth over the past
four decades, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic sectors. The Chinese
government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation
of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect
on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government
regulation over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable to us. In addition,
in the past the Chinese government implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to manage
the pace of economic growth and prevent the economy from overheating. These measures may cause decreased
economic activity in China, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.


The PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, and has the ability to exert
significant oversight and control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless.


The Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert control over
operations of our business, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our
securities. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           101
RISK FACTORS


For example, the PRC government has indicated its intent to exert more oversight and control over securities
offerings and other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based
companies. If the PRC authorities attempt to exercise such control or influence through regulation over our PRC
subsidiaries, we could be required to restructure our operations to comply with such regulations or potentially
cease operations in the PRC entirely, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could result in a material change in our operations,
and could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless.


Additionally, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business
operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision
over China-based companies listed overseas using the variable interest entity (“VIE”) structure, adopting new
measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
For example, in July 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Securities Opinions, which
emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on
overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the
construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas
listed companies.


Furthermore, in July 2021, the PRC government provided guidance on China-based companies raising capital
outside of China, including through VIE structures. In light of such developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced
disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities with the SEC. In February 2023,
the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines which became effective as of
March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, where Chinese companies that have directly
or indirectly listed securities in overseas markets conduct follow-on offering of equity securities in such overseas
markets, they shall fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC. As the Overseas
Listing Trial Measures are subject to changes and may continue to evolve, we cannot assure you that we would
not be deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. If we
are deemed as an indirect overseas listed Chinese company but fail to complete the filing procedures with the
CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings or follow relevant reporting requirements thereunder, we may be subject
to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council. We are
currently evaluating the implications and potential impact of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and will continue to
closely monitor the interpretation and implementation of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. Due to our operations
in China and stock listings in and outside of China, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and any future PRC, U.S. or
other rules and regulations that place restrictions on capital raising could adversely affect our business and results
of operations and could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our ADSs or
ordinary shares to investors, and could cause the value of our ADSs or ordinary shares to significantly decline or
become worthless.




102    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


In February 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on
Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the “Revised Confidentiality Provisions”), which became effective as of March 31, 2023. According to
the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, Chinese companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings
and listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations on confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing,
either directly or through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities services providers. In the event such
materials contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, the Chinese companies shall first
obtain approval from authorities, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level with the
approving authority; in the event that such materials, if divulged, will jeopardize national security or public interest,
the Chinese companies shall comply with procedures stipulated by national regulations. The Chinese companies
shall also provide a written statement of the specific sensitive information provided when providing materials to
securities service providers, and such written statements shall be retained for inspection. The interpretation and
implementation of the Revised Confidentiality Provisions may continue to evolve.


Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operations or our
ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, it is highly
uncertain how the legislative or administrative agencies will further interpret, modify or implement such laws and
regulations, or if they will promulgate any new laws or regulations, and their potential impact on our daily business
operations, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on a U.S., Hong Kong, or other stock
exchanges. There are still substantial uncertainties as to how PRC governmental authorities will regulate overseas
listing in practice and whether we are required to obtain any specific regulatory approvals from PRC governmental
authorities for our offshore offerings. If PRC regulatory agencies later promulgate new rules or explanations
requiring that we obtain their approvals for our future offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain such approvals
in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value
of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, implementation of industry-wide regulations
directly targeting our operations could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors
of our company face potential uncertainty from actions taken by the government authorities affecting our business.
Any intervention by the PRC government in our operations could undermine our business plan and cause the value
of an investment in the Company to significantly decline or become worthless.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           103
RISK FACTORS


Historically, there has been legislation implemented which put our ADSs at risk of potential delisting. The
delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your
investment.


The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (as amended, the “HFCAA”) provides that if the SEC determines
an issuer has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to
inspection by the PCAOB for two consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit that issuer’s securities
from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. Following
the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was audited by Ernst &
Young Hua Ming LLP, the SEC added us to its list of Commission-Identified Issuers identified under HFCAA.


However, as our global business expanded, we built substantial organizational capabilities outside of the PRC and
we evaluated, designed and implemented business processes and control changes which enabled us to engage
Ernst & Young LLP, located in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S., as our independent registered public accounting
firm for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting commencing for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and those thereafter. We believe that this satisfies the PCAOB inspection
requirements for the audit of our consolidated financial statements prior to the two-year deadline of the HFCAA.
Given that Ernst and Young LLP (U.S.) has served as the principal accountant to audit our consolidated financial
statements since 2022, we believe this should preclude the delisting of our ADSs from NASDAQ under HFCAA.


We may be subject to enforcement under similar legislation that may be enacted into law or executive orders that
may be adopted in the future. Although we are committed to complying with the rules and regulations applicable
to listed companies in the U.S., we are currently unable to predict the potential impact on our listing status by
any rules that may be adopted by the SEC in the future. If we failed to comply with those rules, it is possible that
our ADSs would be delisted. The risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative
impact on the price of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares.


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations,
and rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice.


A large portion of our operations are conducted in China through our Chinese subsidiaries. Our Chinese subsidiaries
are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The Chinese legal system is a
civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for
reference but have limited precedential value.


Furthermore, China’s legal system is still developing. The laws, rules and regulations are subject to interpretation
and enforcement by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, on account of the relatively new
implementation of certain laws, rules and regulations, the non-precedential nature of court decisions, and the
discretion such laws, rules and regulations give to the relevant regulator in enforcement, the interpretation and
enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent. In addition, the
legal system is based in part on government policies and rules which may quickly be amended from time to time
with little advance notice. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the
occurrence of the violation.




104    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


China’s Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rule came into force in January 2020. The Foreign
Investment Law and its implementing rules embody an expected regulatory trend to rationalize China’s foreign
investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the
legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. There are still uncertainties with respect to the
interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules. For example, the
Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules provide that foreign invested entities established according
to the previous laws regulating foreign investment prior to its implementation may maintain their structure and
corporate governance for a five-year transition period. It is uncertain whether governmental authorities may require
us to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our Chinese subsidiaries in such transition period.
Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to meet any of these or similar regulatory requirements could
materially affect our current corporate governance practices and business operations and our compliance costs
may increase significantly. In addition, the Security Review Rules embody China’s continued efforts to provide a
legal regime for national security review comparable to similar procedures in other jurisdictions, such as CFIUS
review in the U.S. There are still uncertainties with respect to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement
of the Security Review Rules. For example, national security remains undefined and there is no clear guidance on
whether the biotechnology industry requires security review and what factors the regulatory authority may consider
in determining whether there are security concerns. It is difficult to evaluate the impact of the Security Review Rules
on our existing investments or potential investments in China.


It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. In China, there
are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigations
initiated outside China. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, no overseas securities regulator is
allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the PRC territory, which may
increase the difficulties you face in protecting your interests. According to the Revised Confidentiality and Archives
Administration Provisions, where overseas securities regulators or relevant competent authorities request to
inspect, investigate or collect evidence from Chinese domestic companies concerning their overseas offering and
listing or their securities firms and securities service providers that undertake securities business for such Chinese
domestic companies, such inspection, investigation and evidence collection must be conducted under the cross-
border regulatory cooperation mechanism, and the CSRC or competent authorities of the Chinese government will
provide necessary assistance pursuant to bilateral and multilateral cooperation mechanism. Although the authorities
in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another
country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the securities
regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of a mutual and practical cooperation
mechanism. For risks associated with investing in us as a Cayman Islands company, see the risk factor titled
“Because we are a Cayman Islands company, our shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights than they would
have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting their interests.”


Any administrative and court proceedings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including China may be
protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since administrative
and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it
may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection.
These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT          105
RISK FACTORS


In addition, the PRC government has announced its plans to enhance its regulatory oversight of China-based
companies listed overseas and cross-border law enforcement cooperation. The Securities Opinions called for:


•     tightening oversight of data security, cross-border data flow and administration of classified information,
      as well as amendments to relevant regulation to specify responsibilities of overseas listed China-based
      companies with respect to data security and information security;


•     enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by China-
      based companies; and


•     extraterritorial application of China’s securities laws.


There are uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Securities Opinions and the
Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The PRC government may promulgate relevant laws, rules and regulations to
impose additional and significant obligations and liabilities on overseas listed China-based companies regarding
data security, cross-border data flow, and compliance with China’s securities laws. As a company with operations
in China and stock listings in and outside of China, it is uncertain whether or how these laws, rules and regulations
and their interpretation and implementation may affect us. However, among other things, our ability to obtain
external financing through the issuance of equity securities overseas could be adversely affected if restrictions on
overseas fundraising are imposed on companies like us.


Filing or other procedures with the CSRC or other Chinese regulatory authorities may be required in connection
with issuing our equity securities to foreign investors under Chinese law, and, if required, we cannot predict
whether we will be able, or how long it will take us, to complete such filing or other procedures. If we fail to
complete a filing with the CSRC, our future offering application may be impacted and we may be subject to
penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council.


Numerous regulations, guidelines and other measures have been or are expected to be adopted in China under the
umbrella of or in addition to the Cyber Security Law and Data Security Law. As there are still uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and implementation of such regulatory guidance, we cannot assure investors that we will be able
to comply with new regulatory requirements relating to our future overseas capital-raising activities outside of China
and we may become subject to more stringent requirements with respect to matters including data privacy and
cross-border investigation and enforcement of legal claims.


In February 2023, the CSRC released the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, requiring
Chinese companies that have already directly or indirectly offered and listed securities in overseas markets to
fulfill their filing obligations and report relevant information to the CSRC within three working days after conducting
a follow-on offering of equity securities on the same overseas market. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures, the
relevant guidelines and their implementation may continue to evolve. We may have to go through this filing process
for any follow-on offerings we conduct on NASDAQ or HKEx. If we fail to complete a filing with the CSRC for any
of our follow-on offerings, we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant
departments of the State Council.




106    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanction regarding
completing filing or other procedures in connection with offering our equity securities on NASDAQ or HKEx from
the CSRC or any other Chinese regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction over our operations. However, there
remains uncertainty as to the interpretation and implementation of regulatory requirements related to securities
offerings and other capital markets activities outside of China. If it is determined in the future that the filing or other
procedure with the CSRC or any other regulatory authority is required for issuing our equity securities on NASDAQ
or HKEx, it is uncertain whether we will be able to and how long it would take for us to complete the filing or other
procedure, despite our best efforts. If we, for any reason, are unable to complete, or experience significant delays in
completing, the requisite relevant filing or other procedure(s), we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other Chinese
regulatory authorities. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China,
limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of
funds into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares.
In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate new rules requiring that we obtain their
approvals or complete filing or other procedures for any future public offerings on NASDAQ or HKEx, we may be
unable to obtain a waiver of such requirements, if and when procedures are established to obtain such a waiver.
Any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such a requirement could have a material adverse effect on
the trading price of our ADSs, ordinary shares, and RMB Shares.


PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions conducted by foreign investors, which
could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions set forth additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities of PRC-based companies by foreign investors more time-
consuming and complex. See the risk factor titled “If we engage in acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may
increase our capital requirements, dilute our shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities,
and subject us to other risks .” These rules, among others, specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign
investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign
investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are
subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review
by structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.
Although we believe that our business is not in an industry related to national security, we cannot preclude the
possibility that the competent PRC government authorities may publish explanations contrary to our understanding
or broaden the scope of such security reviews in the future, in which case our future acquisitions and investment
in the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be
closely scrutinized or prohibited. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the SAMR shall be notified in
advance of any concentration of undertaking if certain filing thresholds are triggered. We may grow our business in
part by acquiring complementary businesses in China. Complying with the requirements of the laws and regulations
mentioned above and other PRC regulations to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any
required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the SAMR, may delay or inhibit our ability to
complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market
share. Our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would
as such be materially and adversely affected.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           107
RISK FACTORS


In January 2021, the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures promulgated by the NDRC and the MOFCOM
came into effect. Pursuant to these measures investments in military, national defense-related areas or in locations
in proximity to military facilities, or investments that would result in acquiring the actual control of assets in certain
key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure,
transport, cultural products and services, IT, Internet products and services, financial services and technology
sectors, are required to be approved by designated governmental authorities in advance. Official guidance for these
measures has not been issued by the designated office in charge of such security review yet, therefore there are
great uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Security Review
Measures, including the scope of key sectors. If any of our business operations were to fall under the foregoing
categories, we would need to take further actions in order to comply with these laws, regulations and rules, which
may materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results of
operations.


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends and other
distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur.
If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC
subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside
at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the
aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed
to us as dividends until the liquidation of the enterprise. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may
allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a
staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted
from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31,
2024, these restricted assets totaled US$1.7 billion.


Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.




108    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar, the
People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”) promulgated a
series of measures relating to oversight of capital flow in 2016, including stricter vetting procedures for domestic
companies to remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments and shareholder loan
repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its oversight of capital flow, and more regulations
and substantial vetting process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions. Any limitation on
the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us could materially and
adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay
dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.


The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced
income of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC
resident enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign
investor’s jurisdiction of tax residency has a tax treaty with China that provides for a reduced withholding rate
arrangement and such non-PRC resident enterprises constitute the beneficiary of such income.


Pursuant to an arrangement between mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Hong
Kong Tax Treaty”) and relevant tax regulations of the PRC, subject to certain conditions, a reduced withholding tax
rate of 5% will be available for dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient holds at least 25% shares of
the PRC entities and can demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the beneficial owner of the dividends.
The China government has adopted multiple regulations which stipulate that in determining whether a non-resident
enterprise has the status as a beneficial owner, comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors
listed therein and the actual circumstances of the specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it
expressly excludes an agent or a designated payee from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” We own the
PRC subsidiaries through BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (“BeiGene HK”), a company incorporated under the
laws of Hong Kong on November 22, 2010 and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. BeiGene HK currently
does not hold a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, and there is
no assurance that the reduced withholding tax rate will be available.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          109
RISK FACTORS


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.


Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management bodies”
as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production and
operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, PRC regulations specify that
certain Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws
of foreign countries or territories and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling
shareholders, will be classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii)
financial and personnel decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes
of board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having
voting rights.


Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of these regulations,
in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the regulations to
evaluate the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC.


We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any
of our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise. However, the tax resident status of
an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the
interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman
Islands holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable
PRC tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our
worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. If we are deemed a PRC
resident enterprise, dividends paid on our shares and any gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares
may be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident
enterprise ADS holders or shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the
case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS
holders or shareholders from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of
10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or shareholders), which may be reduced or exempted
according to relevant tax treaties between PRC and the non-PRC resident enterprise/individual ADS holders’ or
shareholders’ tax resident jurisdictions.




110     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.


Pursuant to Chinese regulations, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC
resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC
taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial
purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value
of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of
the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly
derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable
assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration
of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction by direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar
arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to
be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred
and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer
relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place
of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to
available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable
tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the sale of shares by investors through a public
stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax where such shares were acquired in a transaction
through a public stock exchange. As such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange will
not be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs originally purchased
from a stock exchange by a non-PRC resident enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC
enterprise income tax under these regulations.


There are uncertainties as to the application of these regulations, which may be determined by the tax authorities
to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are
involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation,
while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises
and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with these regulations or to establish
that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these regulations, for our previous and future
restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          111
RISK FACTORS


The PRC tax authorities have the discretion to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the
difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under these regulations, our income tax
costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.


Regulations on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.


The PRC government exerts oversight on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB, any existing and future regulations on
currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities outside
of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange
transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with,
SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain
foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries.


Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local governments.
Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.


Local governments in the PRC have granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC subsidiaries
as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of
government financial incentives are determined within the discretion of the local government authorities and cannot
be predicted with certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have the ability
to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or eliminate
incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a project basis
and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial incentive
agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy all relevant
conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of the continued
availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of incentives would
have an adverse effect on our results of operations.




112    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-resident beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.


We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of equity
incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the PRC regulations, according to which, employees, directors,
supervisors and other management members participating in any share incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed
company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a domestic qualified
agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures.
We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our
directors and employees under PRC law. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration
requirements could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions.


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our medicines and drug candidates.


A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new medicines. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China for
pharmaceutical companies has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe
our strategies regarding research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are aligned with
the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies. Any such
change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the successful
research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or medicines in China and
reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing medicines in China.


Chinese authorities have become increasingly active in enforcing laws affecting the pharmaceutical industry.
Specifically, the Chinese authorities have recently increased anti-bribery efforts to address improper payments and
other benefits received by physicians, staff and hospital administrators in connection with the sales, marketing and
purchase of pharmaceuticals products. Any failure by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable
laws and regulations or obtain and maintain required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or
termination of our business activities in China. Reports of what have come to be viewed as significant quality-
control failures by Chinese vaccine manufacturers have led to enforcement actions against officials responsible
for implementing national reforms favorable to innovative drugs (such as ours). This macro-industry event could
cause state or private resources to be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory
enforcement, which could adversely affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization
activities and increase our compliance costs.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          113
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares


The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
substantial losses to you.


The trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile and fluctuate widely in response
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: announcements of regulatory approval or
a complete response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in
the regulatory review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions, strategic
relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by regulatory
agencies with respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; any adverse
changes to our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical trials; the results
of our efforts to acquire or license additional medicines or drug candidates; variations in the level of expenses
related to our existing medicines and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and commercialization
programs; any intellectual property infringement actions in which we may become involved; announcements
concerning our competitors or the pharmaceutical industry in general; the performance and fluctuation of the
market prices of other companies with significant business operations in China that have listed their securities in
Hong Kong, Shanghai or the U.S.; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing expenses and profitability;
manufacture, supply or distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations; announcements about our
results of operations that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our
policy not to give guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties,
including government statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or financial analysts; changes
in financial estimates by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true, about our business, our
competitors or our industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations of exchange rates between
the RMB, the U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our
outstanding ordinary shares, ADSs or RMB Shares; sales or perceived potential sales of additional ordinary shares,
ADSs or RMB Shares by us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders; general economic and market
conditions and overall fluctuations in the U.S., Hong Kong or Shanghai equity markets; changes in accounting
principles; trade disputes or U.S.-China government relations; and changes or developments in the U.S., PRC, the
EU or global regulatory environment.


In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares, regardless of our actual operating performance.




114    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of capital markets in the United States, Hong Kong and Shanghai are different, which may
cause volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares.


Our ordinary shares are listed on the HKEx in Hong Kong under the stock code “06160”, our ADSs are listed on
NASDAQ in the U.S. under the symbol “ONC”, and our RMB Shares are listed on the STAR Market in the PRC
under the stock code “688235”. Under current PRC laws and regulations, our ADSs and ordinary shares listed on
NASDAQ and the HKEx are not interchangeable or fungible with the RMB Shares listed on the STAR Market, and
there is no trading or settlement between either NASDAQ or the HKEx on the one hand, and the STAR Market on
the other hand. The three markets have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume
and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional
participation). As a result of these major differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB
Shares might not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due
to circumstances peculiar to its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary
shares and/or RMB Shares, and vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S., Hong Kong and
Shanghai equity markets, the historic market prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and RMB Shares may not be
indicative of the performance of our securities going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.


Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to
an increased incidence of securities class action litigation, particularly in our industry in recent years. We may
be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs
and/or reputational harm and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely
determined, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares in the public market could cause the ordinary
share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to fall.


The price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
the ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at
a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.


As of February 14, 2025, 1,387,367,704 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
870,983,672 ordinary shares were held in the form of 66,998,744 ADSs, each representing 13 ordinary shares, and
115,055,260 were RMB Shares.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           115
RISK FACTORS


We filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders on May 9, 2023,
registering 298,738,765 ordinary shares, including 222,835,028 ordinary shares in the form of 17,141,156 ADSs
to be resold by the selling shareholders identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to
time. Amgen also has specified registration rights pursuant to its share purchase agreement. Furthermore, we have
registered or plan to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may issue in the future
under our equity compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share
units and under our employee share purchase plan. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is perceived that
they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares could
decline.


In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs, RMB Shares, or other equity or debt
securities convertible into ordinary shares, ADSs, or RMB Shares in connection with a financing, acquisition,
license, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial
dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause the ordinary share, ADS, and/or RMB Share price to decline.


The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may adversely affect the liquidity and value of
our ADSs, ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares and lead to increased compliance obligations and costs.


Our ADSs are traded on NASDAQ, our existing ordinary shares maintained on our Cayman register in Cayman
Islands and Hong Kong register in Hong Kong, are traded on the HKEx, and our RMB Shares are traded on the
STAR Market. The triple listing of our ADSs, ordinary shares and RMB Shares may dilute the liquidity of these
securities in one or all three markets and may adversely affect the maintenance of an active trading market for
ADSs in the U.S., the ordinary shares in Hong Kong, and/or the RMB Shares in the PRC. The price of our ADSs,
ordinary shares and/or RMB Shares could also be adversely affected by trading of our securities on other markets.
We may decide at some point in the future to delist our securities from one or more of the stock exchanges where
they are currently traded, subject to our shareholders’ approval if required. We cannot predict the effect such
delisting of our securities from one or more of the stock exchanges would have on the market price of our securities
on the other stock exchanges. Additionally, the listing and trading of our equity securities in multiple jurisdictions
and multiple markets has resulted in increased compliance obligations and costs for us, and we may face the risk of
significant intervention by regulatory authorities in these jurisdictions and markets, such as inquiries, investigations,
enforcement actions and other regulatory proceedings by regulatory authorities. In addition, we may be subject
to securities litigation filed with the courts in China by the investors with respect to the RMB Shares traded on the
STAR Market.


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares for return on your investment.


We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares as a source for any future dividend
income.




116    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Our board of directors has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors
decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on,
among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the
amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual and
regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on
your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares will likely depend entirely upon any future price
appreciation of the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. There is no guarantee that the ordinary shares,
ADSs and/or RMB Shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares. You may not realize a return on your investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs
and/or RMB Shares and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB
Shares.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares and trading
volume could decline.


The trading market for the ordinary shares, ADSs and RMB Shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do
not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades the ordinary
shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares would likely decline. Historically, we are aware of instances
in which analysts have published inaccurate research about our business. If one or more of these analysts cease
coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ordinary shares, ADSs and/or RMB Shares to
decline significantly.


Because we are a Cayman Islands company, our shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights than they
would have under Hong Kong law, Chinese law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting their interests.


We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are
governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be further amended
from time to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law
are not as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong
Kong, mainland China and the U.S. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities law
than Hong Kong, mainland China or the U.S. and less judicially interpreted body of corporate law than in Delaware.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          117
RISK FACTORS


In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders. Our directors
have to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our
shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for
shareholders to obtain the information needed to establish facts necessary for a shareholder action or to solicit
proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman Islands company, we may not
have standing to initiate a derivative action in a Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal court. As a result,
shareholders may be limited in their ability to protect their interests if they are harmed in a manner that would
otherwise enable them to sue in a U.S. federal court. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in Hong Kong, mainland China or U.S. federal courts.


Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the U.S. and a substantial portion
of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for
shareholders to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the U.S. in the event
that shareholders believe that their rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the U.S.
or otherwise. In addition, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of China. To the extent our
directors and executive officers reside outside of China or their assets are located outside of China, it may not be
possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management inside China. Even if shareholders
are successful in bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may render them unable to enforce
a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is no statutory recognition in the
Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the U.S., Hong Kong or China, although the courts of the Cayman Islands
will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial
on the merits.


As a result of the above, shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as shareholders of
a Hong Kong company, a Chinese company or a U.S. company.




118    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Voting rights of our ADS holders are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for the ADSs
will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares underlying our ADS holders’ ADSs if they do not
vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect their interests.


Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs only
in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from ADS holders
in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote the holder’s
underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum
notice period required for convening an annual general meeting is 21 calendar days and the minimum notice period
required for convening an extraordinary general meeting is 14 calendar days. When a general meeting is convened,
ADS holders may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit them to withdraw their ordinary
shares to allow them to cast their vote with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary
and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to ADS holders or carry out their voting instructions in a
timely manner. We will make reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to our ADS holders
in a timely manner, but our ADS holders may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can vote or
instruct their agent to vote their shares.


Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, ADS holders may not
be able to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs are
not voted as they requested.


Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying ADS holders’ ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if such holders do not give voting instructions
to the depositary, unless we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related
voting materials, we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given, we have
informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the meeting, or a matter
to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if ADS holders fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, they
cannot prevent the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above,
and it may make it more difficult for such ADS holders to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares
are not subject to this discretionary proxy.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          119
RISK FACTORS


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association include provisions that could limit the ability
of others to acquire control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage in change-of-
control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell
their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control
in a tender offer or similar transaction.


For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue preferred
shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our board of
directors authorizes the issuance of preferred shares, the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall
and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely
affected.


Because our directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each, shareholders can
only elect or remove a limited number of our directors in any given year. The length of these terms could present
an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control, which could be in the interest of our
shareholders.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association designate specific courts as the sole and
exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which
could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of Cayman Islands will be the sole and exclusive forum for
any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of us to us or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim
arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time,
or the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or any action asserting a claim governed
by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the U.S. laws). Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association further state that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)
and provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities is
deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions; provided, however, that shareholders cannot and
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and rules and regulations
thereunder.




120     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


These provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any shareholder bringing an
unsuccessful action against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection
with such unsuccessful action.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under certain circumstances
parties who bring actions or proceedings against us may be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs, and
expenses, including but not limited to all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses, that we incur
in connection with such claim, to the extent the claimant is unsuccessful in obtaining a judgment on the merits in
which the claiming party prevails.


The case law and potential legislative action on such fee-shifting articles are evolving and there exists considerable
uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative responses to, such articles. Consistent
with our directors’ fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of the Company, the directors may in their sole
discretion from time to time decide whether or not to enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the
law related to fee-shifting articles, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with
respect to such articles, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.


If a shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment sought, the attorneys’
fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party may be significant. This fee-shifting
article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or former shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating
lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by potential
plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent our shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from representing
our shareholders at all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the management and
direction of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.


Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.


ADSs are transferable only on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer
or register transfers of ADSs when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or
the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law, under any provision of the deposit
agreement or for any other reason, subject to ADS holders’ right to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying
ordinary shares. Temporary delays in the cancellation of ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares
may arise because the depositary has closed its books or we have closed our books, the transfer of ordinary shares
is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT       121
RISK FACTORS


In addition, holders of ADSs may not be able to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares
when they owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order
to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or
other deposited securities.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions
of securities other than ADSs, and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable
beneficial owner in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.


Dealings in ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to Hong Kong
stamp duty. There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
the ADSs.


In connection with our Hong Kong public offering in 2018, we established a branch register of members in Hong
Kong (the “Hong Kong share register”). Our ordinary shares that are traded on the HKEx, including those that may
be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these ordinary shares
on the HKEx are subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS to ordinary share conversion and trading
between NASDAQ and the HKEx, we moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share register
to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects a sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.2% of the greater of the consideration for, or the
value of, shares transferred, with 0.1% payable by each of the buyer and the seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or conversion
of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the U.S. and Hong Kong and that have maintained all or a portion of
their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers. However, it is
unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies
constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is
determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of the ADSs, the trading price and the
value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




122     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Holders of ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available.


The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to distribute to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or
the custodian for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees
and expenses. ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that
their ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making such distributions if it is unlawful or
impractical. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities
that require registration under the Securities Act, but that are not registered or distributed pursuant to an exemption
from registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to holders of ADSs if any
government approval or registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made
by the depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary
shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that holders of ADSs may not receive the
distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them.
These restrictions may materially reduce the value of our ADSs.


Holders of ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings.


From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the
price of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares and deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares.


Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 49% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 14, 2025. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares, ADSs,
and/or RMB Shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition,
these persons could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          123
RISK FACTORS


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.


A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (“PFIC”) for any taxable year
if either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of the
average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the composition of our income and assets, we believe that we were not a PFIC for the taxable year
ended December 31, 2024. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect to
each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, including our use of
proceeds from any equity offerings, and the value of our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to
the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares, which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we
may be a PFIC in any taxable year. The determination of whether we will be or become a PFIC may also depend,
in part, on how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets and the cash raised in equity offerings. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased U.S. income tax on gain recognized on the sale or
other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or ADSs
to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the U.S. federal income tax rules. In
addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.


Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we generally will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.




124    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.


Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation” (“CFC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income for
U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income” and
investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each Ten
Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,” which
is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for U.S.
federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is
not entirely certain.


Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in the future. Holders are
urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the consequences thereof.


Risks Related to Our Continuation to Switzerland


Your rights as a shareholder will change as a result of the Continuation.


As announced in August 2024, we are proposing to change our jurisdiction of incorporation from the Cayman
Islands to Switzerland through a transaction known as a continuation under Section 206 of the Companies Act
(as amended) of the Cayman Islands and Article 161 of the Swiss Federal Code on Private International Law (such
transaction, the “Continuation”). Because of differences in Swiss law and Cayman law and certain changes that
will be made to our governing documents in connection with the Continuation, your rights as a shareholder will
change if the Continuation is completed. For a description of these differences, see “Proposal No. 1: Approval of
the Continuation — Comparison of Shareholder Rights” in the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders Proxy
Statement/Circular filed with the HKEx on March 10, 2025.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          125
RISK FACTORS


As a result of increased shareholder voting requirements upon completion of the Continuation, we will have less
flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management than previously.


Under Cayman law, our directors may issue, without shareholder approval, any ordinary shares authorized in our
amended and restated articles of association that are not issued or reserved. In addition, our board of directors has
the right, subject to statutory limitations, to declare and pay dividends on our ordinary shares without a shareholder
vote. Swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize our board of directors to issue new registered shares from
the redomiciled Swiss public company for general corporate purposes based on a capital band included in the
proposed Swiss articles, and for convertible instruments and for long term incentive plan purposes based on a
conditional capital included in the proposed Swiss articles, in each case without additional shareholder approval.
However, the shareholder authorization for general corporate purposes must be renewed by the shareholders at
least every five years, and both the authorizations under the capital band and the conditional capital are limited
to 50% of a company’s stated capital. Swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate
actions over which our board of directors currently has authority. For example, dividends must be approved by
shareholders. While we do not believe that the differences between Cayman law and Swiss law relating to our
capital management will have an adverse effect on our company, we cannot assure you that situations will not arise
where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.


The Continuation will result in additional direct and indirect costs whether or not completed.


The Continuation will result in additional direct costs. Following the Continuation, we may hold a large portion of
meetings of our board of directors and management strategy meetings as well as our annual general meetings,
beginning in 2025, in Basel. We also plan to continue expanding our physical presence in Switzerland. With that,
we will further strengthen our presence in Switzerland. We will incur additional costs and expenses, primarily Swiss
tax and professional fees, to comply with Swiss corporate and tax laws. In addition, we will incur attorneys’ fees,
accountants’ fees, filing fees, mailing expenses and financial printing expenses in connection with the Continuation,
whether or not it is approved. The Continuation may also result in certain indirect costs by diverting attention of our
management and employees from our business with resulting increased administrative costs and expenses.


If you fail to make a required tax filing, the Continuation could result in adverse tax consequences for you.


Depending on your circumstances, you may be required to make a filing with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
or your respective tax authority, as a result of the change of our place of incorporation. Failure to make this
filing on a timely basis could result in your owing taxes because of the change, even though you will not have
realized any income or liquidity as a result of the change. For a more detailed description of the tax consequences
associated with this transaction, please read “Proposal No. 1: Approval of the Continuation — Material Tax
Considerations — United States Tax Considerations” in the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders Proxy
Statement/Circular filed with the HKEx on March 10, 2025.




126    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


You may be subject to Swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.


Under current Swiss law, distributions made out of capital contribution reserves recognized by the Swiss Federal
Tax Administration or made in the form of a par value reduction are not subject to Swiss withholding tax. We
currently expect to have qualifying capital contribution reserves in the amount of approximately US$10.6 billion
available for distribution not subject to Swiss withholding tax as of the effective date of the Continuation. However,
there can be no assurances that the Swiss withholding rules will not be changed in the future or that shareholders
will approve a distribution out of qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the Swiss Federal Tax
Administration. Further, over the long term, the amount of qualifying contribution reserves available may be limited.
If we are unable to make a distribution out of qualifying capital contribution reserves, then any dividends paid
will generally be subject to a Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35%. The withholding tax must be withheld from
the gross distribution and paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. Currently, dividends, if any, paid on our
shares are not subject to withholding tax in the Cayman Islands. A U.S. holder that qualifies for benefits under
the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double
Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, (the “U.S.-Swiss Treaty”), may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in
excess of the 15% treaty rate (or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). A China Holder that qualifies
for benefits under the Agreement between the Government of the People’s Republic of China and the Swiss
Federal Council for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income and on Capital (“PRC-
Swiss Treaty”) may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 10% or 5% treaty rate (as applicable). A
Hong Kong shareholder that qualifies for benefits under the Agreement between the Government of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and the Swiss Federal Council for the Avoidance
of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income (“Hong Kong-Swiss Treaty”) may apply for a refund of the tax
withheld in excess of the 10% treaty rate (or a full refund in case of specific qualified persons, including, a pension
fund, or a corporate shareholder that directly holds at least 10% our capital). Subject to applicable laws and
regulations, this may also apply to other shareholders that are entitled to a dividend withholding tax rate lower than
the Swiss withholding tax rate under the tax treaties between the shareholders’ own tax residency jurisdictions and
Switzerland. Switzerland currently has concluded more than 100 tax treaties with the same treatment regarding the
refund of Swiss withholding taxes.


Under current Swiss law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial
liquidation subject to 35% Swiss withholding tax, irrespective of the tax residency of the shareholder. The
repurchase of shares for purposes other than capital reduction, such as to retain as treasury shares for use in
connection with equity incentive plans, convertible debt, similar instruments or acquisitions, will not be subject to
the 35% Swiss withholding tax, irrespective of the tax residency of the shareholder. Any portion of the repurchase
price attributable to par value or qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the Swiss Federal Tax
Administration will not be subject to the 35% Swiss withholding tax. See “Proposal No. 1: Approval of the
Continuation — Material Tax Considerations — Taxation of Shareholders Subsequent to the Continuation — Swiss
Taxation” in the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement/Circular filed with the HKEx on
March 10, 2025.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          127
RISK FACTORS


We will be subject to various Swiss taxation as a result of the Continuation.


We will be subject to corporate income tax at federal, cantonal and communal levels on our worldwide income.
However, qualifying net dividend income and net capital gains on the sale of qualifying investments in subsidiaries
are effectively exempt from federal, cantonal and communal corporate income tax under the Swiss participation
relief rules. Consequently, we expect dividends from our subsidiaries and capital gains from sales of investments
in our subsidiaries to be exempt from Swiss corporate income tax. In addition, we will be subject to an annual
cantonal capital tax on our year-end taxable equity. We will also be subject to a Swiss issuance stamp tax levied on
any future issuance of shares or any other increase in our equity unless the equity is increased in the context of a
merger or other qualifying restructuring transaction. In addition, we will be subject to some other Swiss taxes (e.g.,
VAT and Swiss securities transfer stamp tax). We are currently not subject to income, capital, stamp or issuance
taxes in the Cayman Islands.




128    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                           FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                         2020            2021            2022           2023           2024
                                                     USD’000         USD’000        USD’000         USD’000        USD’000
Operating results
Product revenue, net                                  308,874         633,987      1,254,612      2,189,852       3,779,546
Collaboration revenue                                         –      542,296         161,309         268,927         30,695
Total revenues                                        308,874      1,176,283       1,415,921      2,458,779       3,810,241
Gross profit                                          238,217      1,011,377       1,129,446      2,078,859       3,216,152
Loss before income taxes                            1,618,194      1,438,588       1,961,037         825,836        533,001
Net Loss                                            1,628,591      1,457,816       2,003,815         881,708        644,786
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.              1,624,974      1,457,816       2,003,815         881,708        644,786


Profitability
Gross margin                                              77%            86%             80%            85%             84%
Net loss margin                                        -527%           -124%            -142%          -36%            -17%


                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                         2020            2021            2022           2023           2024
                                                     USD’000        USD’000         USD’000        USD’000         USD’000
Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash         1,390,005      4,382,887       3,875,037      3,185,984       2,638,747
Short-term investments                              3,268,725      2,241,962         665,251           2,600                –
Working capital                                     3,885,491      6,014,325       3,738,550      2,393,301       1,776,694
Total assets                                        5,534,795      8,535,525       6,379,290      5,805,275       5,920,910
Total liabilities                                   1,731,514      2,402,962       1,995,935      2,267,948       2,588,688
Total equity                                        3,803,281      6,132,563       4,383,355      3,537,327       3,332,222

(1)   Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
      were filed with SEC.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT            129
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together
with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report. In
addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or
contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this report, including those set forth under “Risk Factors”
and under “Forward-Looking Statements” in this annual report.


NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES


We provide certain financial measures that are not defined under GAAP, commonly referred to as non-GAAP
financial measures, including Adjusted Operating Expenses and Adjusted Income (Loss) from Operations and
certain other non-GAAP measures, each of which include adjustments to GAAP figures. These non-GAAP
measures are intended to provide additional information on our operating performance. Adjustments to our GAAP
figures exclude, as applicable, non-cash items such as share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization.
Certain other special items or substantive events may also be included in the non-GAAP adjustments periodically
when their magnitude is significant within the periods incurred. We maintain an established non-GAAP policy that
guides the determination of what items may be excluded in non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these
non-GAAP measures, when considered together with the GAAP figures, can enhance an overall understanding of
our operating performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are included with the intent of providing investors
with a more complete understanding of our historical and expected financial results and trends and to facilitate
comparisons between periods and with respect to projected information. In addition, these non-GAAP financial
measures are among the indicators BeiGene’s management uses for planning and forecasting purposes and
measuring our performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a
substitute for, or superior to, GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures used by BeiGene may be
calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, non-GAAP financial measures used by other
companies.


OVERVIEW


Our full year results demonstrate our tremendous growth as a global oncology powerhouse, reinforced by the
continued success of BRUKINSA and the development of one of the most prolific solid tumor pipelines in oncology
with multiple data readouts expected in 2025. BRUKINSA is now the unequivocal leader in new CLL patient starts in
the U.S., holds the broadest label of any BTK inhibitor and serves as the cornerstone of our hematology franchise,
showing immense promise as a backbone alongside our late stage BCL2 inhibitor, sonrotoclax, and our potential
first-in-class BTK CDAC. We are also building future solid tumor franchises in breast, lung, and gastrointestinal
cancers by leveraging our platforms in multi-specific antibodies, protein degraders and antibody-drug conjugates.
2025 marks an inflection point as we anticipate achieving positive GAAP operating income and operating cash flow
alongside our intention to change our name to BeOne with our new NASDAQ ticker, ONC.




130    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Key highlights for the full year 2024 are as follows:


•    Total global revenues of US$3.8 billion for the full year 2024, an increase of 55.0% from prior year;


•    Narrowed GAAP operating loss and achieved full-year positive non-GAAP operating income;


•    Global BRUKINSA revenues of US$2.6 billion for the full year 2024, an increase of 104.9% from prior year;


•    Progressed pivotal-stage programs for BCL2 inhibitor sonrotoclax and BTK CDAC BGB-16673;


•    Advanced thirteen NMEs into the clinic for the full year; and


•    Anticipate multiple data readouts for innovative solid tumor programs in 1H 2025.


Recent Business Developments


On January 13, 2025 we participated in the 43rd Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference and announced that we
expect to achieve positive operating income for full year 2025 pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles.


On December 27, 2024, we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approved TEVIMBRA®
(tislelizumab-jsgr), in combination with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy, for the first-line
treatment of unresectable or metastatic HER2-negative gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma in
adults whose tumors express PD-L1 (≥1).


On December 23, 2024, we announced that our American Depository Shares will begin trading on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market under our new ticker symbol “ONC” as of January 2, 2025.


On December 12, 2024, we announced entering into a global licensing agreement with CSPC Zhongqi
Pharmaceutical Technology (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd. for SYH2039, a novel methionine adenosyltransferase 2A
(MAT2A)-inhibitor being explored for solid tumors.


On November 27, 2024, we announced that the European Commission approved TEVIMBRA® in combination with
chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and gastric or gastroesophageal
junction adenocarcinoma.


On November 19, 2024, we announced entering into a settlement agreement with MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
and MSN Laboratories Private Ltd. resolving patent litigation related to MSN’s Abbreviated New Drug Application
seeking approval to market a generic version of BRUKINSA® (zanubrutinib) in the U.S.


On November 14, 2024, we announced our intention to change the English name of the Company to “BeOne
Medicines Ltd.” confirming our commitment to develop innovative medicines to eliminate cancer by partnering
with the global community to serve as many patients as possible. Implementation of our new name is subject to
shareholder approval to be sought at a future shareholder meeting.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT        131
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK


We were founded with the vision to create an integrated biopharmaceutical company to address challenges in the
pharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible to far more patients
around the world. We are uniquely built to address an increasingly challenged industry and improve R&D returns.


We have built a substantial global clinical team of approximately 3,700 people on six continents, allowing us to
run clinical trials predominantly without reliance on CROs. We believe independence from traditional CRO models
allows us to execute more cost-efficient development and achieve faster time to clinical proof-of-concept. It also
allows us to expand the reach of our clinical sites, which supports diverse participation and the collection of robust
data across all patient demographics. Our demonstrated ability to complete large-scale, multi-regional clinical
trials is an important strategic competitive advantage and addresses an immense challenge in the pharmaceutical
industry.


We have built a highly productive and cost-effective oncology research teams with 1,100+ scientists, allowing us
to drive serial innovation to enable sustained market leadership. Our efforts have been validated by commercial
approvals, clinical data, and collaborations that have secured US$1.5 billion in collaboration payments to our
company. We design each research program with a differentiated biological hypothesis MoA, which has resulted in
multiple commercially approved medicines and a pipeline of wholly-owned assets with potential for combinations
and depth in key tumor types. We have invested in diverse technology platforms to pursue innovation, including
CDAC protein degraders, bispecific antibodies, tri-specific antibodies, and ADCs allowing us access to diverse
modalities and to advance science with urgency and agility. Our CDAC platform, in particular, offers a differentiated
approach from small molecules with its catalytic activity, higher barrier to resistance, and scaffold function
disruption, and we believe it has the potential to emerge as a best-in-class approach. Our research and innovation
capabilities are primed for discovering high-quality and impactful medicines for patients in a highly productive and
cost-effective way.


We have built a strong commercial portfolio, with BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA® driving global revenue.


Solidifying our Sustainable Hematology Franchise


Our hematology franchise is led by BRUKINSA, which is supported by a broad clinical program with over 7,100
patients enrolled in more than 30 countries and regions across more than 35 trials. We continue to solidify our
leadership in hematology, utilizing BRUKINSA as our cornerstone asset. We are focused on lifecycle management
to build a sustainable hematology franchise maximizing value for our company, shareholders and patients
globally. BRUKINSA has allowed us to build a strong franchise in hematology-oncology and we plan to solidify our
leadership in CLL with our wholly-owned, emerging best-in-class hematology pipeline consisting of sonrotoclax and
our BTK-CDAC, while amplifying our impact in other B-cell malignancies. We believe our BTK-CDAC combinations
with BRUKINSA and sonrotoclax show promise to meaningfully outperform fixed duration regimens in CLL, and our
three differentiated molecules offer potential best-in-disease combinations to cover the entire CLL patient spectrum
and insulate BeiGene from end-of-lifecycle pricing pressure.




132    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Expanding Access to Our PD-1 Inhibitor for Patients Worldwide and Building Global Commercial
Capabilities to Support Prolific Pipeline


Our solid tumor franchise is led by our anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, TEVIMBRA®, which is currently approved
in the U.S., EU, China and other countries. We intend to expand TEVIMBRA’s global footprint through ongoing
submissions and approvals. We are also developing a high-concentration subcutaneous formulation of TEVIMBRA
which we believe will be competitive in global markets. With TEVIMBRA and the potentially best-in-class solid
tumor pipeline assets, we are well-positioned to build our solid tumor business and deliver innovative therapies and
combinations to patients.


We have a global commercial organization to deliver medicines to patients around the globe. We have
established commercial capabilities in key large commercial markets of the U.S., E.U and China, and continue
our rapid expansion of capabilities into Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions, driving the delivery
of highly effective and differentiated medicines to patients around the globe. This has enabled a geographically
diversified revenue mix and a truly global business.


Our business model is sustainable and results in strong global financial profile. We believe we are financially well-
positioned with cash and cash equivalents of US$2.6 billion as of December 31, 2024. Our product revenue has
grown 73% since 2023 from our current portfolio and cornerstone assets, which we expect to grow significantly in
2025 and beyond. We significantly reduced our GAAP operating losses and achieved non-GAAP operating income
for the first time for fiscal year 2024. We generated positive cash flows from operations for the first time in both
the third and fourth quarters of 2024 after years of using cash in our operations. We will continue to be thoughtful
and strategic in how we deploy our capital, and consistent with previous collaborations, we will actively explore
partnerships that strengthen our business. We are committed to generating long-term value for our shareholders.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          133
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Results of Operations


Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                       Year Ended December 31,                 Change
                                                              2024           2023                              %
                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)
Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                   3,779,546      2,189,852       1,589,694           72.6%
  Collaboration revenue                                     30,695        268,927        (238,232)         (88.6)%


Total revenues                                           3,810,241      2,458,779       1,351,462           55.0%


Cost of sales – product                                    594,089        379,920        214,169            56.4%
Gross profit                                             3,216,152      2,078,859       1,137,293           54.7%
Operating expenses
  Research and development                               1,953,295      1,778,594        174,701             9.8%
  Selling, general and administrative                    1,831,056      1,508,001        323,055            21.4%


Total operating expenses                                 3,784,351      3,286,595        497,756            15.1%


Loss from operations                                       (568,199)    (1,207,736)      639,537           (53.0)%
  Interest income, net                                      47,836         74,009         (26,173)         (35.4)%
  Other (expense) income, net                               (12,638)      307,891        (320,529)      (104.1)%


Loss before income tax expense                             (533,001)      (825,836)      292,835           (35.5)%
Income tax expense                                         111,785         55,872          55,913          100.1%


Net loss                                                   (644,786)      (881,708)      236,922           (26.9)%


Revenue

Total revenue increased by US$1.4 billion to US$3.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, from US$2.5
billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to increased sales of BRUKINSA, as well as increased
sales of in-licensed products from Amgen and tislelizumab. Collaboration revenue decreased year over year due to
the recognition of the remaining deferred revenue associated with the Novartis collaborations upon termination of
the agreements in 2023.




134    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Total revenue by geographic area is presented as follows (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars)1:


                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                                      2024               %         2023                   %


United States total revenue                                     1,957,498           51.4%        1,128,219           45.9%
Product revenue                                                 1,950,530           51.2%          945,551           38.5%
Collaboration revenue                                                6,968             0.2%        182,668             7.4%


China total revenue                                             1,411,307           37.0%        1,101,951           44.8%
Product revenue                                                 1,390,699           36.5%        1,093,091           44.5%
Collaboration revenue                                               20,608             0.5%           8,860            0.3%


Europe total revenue                                              362,626              9.5%        202,014             8.2%
Product revenue                                                   359,507              9.4%        122,228             5.0%
Collaboration revenue                                                3,119             0.1%          79,786            3.2%


ROW total revenue                                                   78,810             2.1%          26,595            1.1%
Product revenue                                                     78,810             2.1%          28,982            1.2%
Collaboration revenue                                                     –             –%           (2,387)         (0.1)%


Total Revenue                                                   3,810,241          100.0%        2,458,779          100.0%


1       Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration revenue is
        recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from.


Net product revenue consisted of the following:


                                                              Year Ended December 31,                     Changes
                                                                      2024             2023                               %
                                                                                (US dollars in thousands)


BRUKINSA®                                                       2,644,226        1,290,396       1,353,830          104.9%
Tislelizumab                                                      620,836          536,620           84,216          15.7%
XGEVA®                                                            224,403           92,828         131,575          141.7%
BLINCYTO®                                                           74,331          54,342           19,989          36.8%
KYPROLIS     ®
                                                                    66,171          39,799           26,372          66.3%
POBEVCY®                                                            53,509          56,547           (3,038)          (5.4)%
REVLIMID    ®
                                                                    36,028          76,018          (39,990)        (52.6)%
Other                                                               60,042          43,302           16,740          38.7%


Total product revenue                                           3,779,546        2,189,852       1,589,694           72.6%




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           135
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Net product revenue was US$3.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to US$2.2 billion in
the prior year, primarily due to increased sales of BRUKINSA globally, driven by significant growth in the U.S. and
Europe. In addition, product revenues in 2024 were positively impacted by growth from in-licensed products from
Amgen and tislelizumab.


Global sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$2.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing a 104.9%
increase compared to the prior year. U.S. sales of BRUKINSA totaled US$2.0 billion for the year ended December
31, 2024 compared to US$945.6 million in the prior year, representing growth of 106.3%. U.S. volume growth
continued to accelerate in the period due primarily to demand growth coming from expanded use in CLL as
BRUKINSA continued to gain share in new patient starts in CLL and all other approved indications. In addition, U.S.
sales were also positively impacted in the fourth quarter of 2024 by seasonality and the timing of customer order
patterns of approximately US$30.0 million. BRUKINSA sales in the EU totaled US$358.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024, representing growth of 193.6% compared to the prior-year period, driven by continued gains
in market share across all major markets. BRUKINSA sales in China totaled US$258.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024, representing growth of 33.2% compared to the prior year.


Sales of tislelizumab totaled US$620.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing a 15.7%
increase compared to the prior year. Certain additional tislelizumab indications have been included in the 2025
NRDL. There were no price reductions resulting from inclusion.


Collaboration revenue totaled US$30.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily related to revenue
generated under the Novartis broad markets marketing and promotion agreement and royalty revenue under
the Amgen collaboration. Collaboration revenue totaled US$268.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2023, primarily related to the recognition of the remaining deferred revenue associated with the former Novartis
tislelizumab and ociperlimab collaborations which were terminated in the prior year.


Gross Margin

Gross margin on global product sales increased to US$3.2 billion, or 84.3% as a percentage of sales, for the year
ended December 31, 2024, compared to US$1.8 billion, or 82.7% as a percentage of sales, for the year ended
December 31, 2023, primarily due to proportionately higher sales mix of BRUKINSA compared to other products in
our portfolio, partially offset by the impact of accelerated depreciation expense of US$32.7 million resulting from the
move to more efficient, larger scale production lines for tislelizumab. On an adjusted basis, which does not include
the accelerated depreciation, gross margin as a percentage of product sales increased to 85.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2024, from 83.2% in the comparable period of the prior year.




136    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$174.7 million, or 9.8%, to US$2.0 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2024, from US$1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. The following table summarizes
the external cost of development programs, upfront license and development milestone fees, and internal research
and development expense for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                               Year Ended December 31,                    Changes
                                                                      2024              2023                               %
                                                                                (US dollars in thousands)


External research and development expense:
     Cost of development programs                                   539,446         551,417          (11,971)         (2.2)%
     Upfront license and development milestone fees                 114,049          46,800          67,249          143.7%
     Amgen co-development expenses       1
                                                                     75,165          53,315          21,850           41.0%


Total external research and development expenses                    728,660         651,532          77,128           11.8%
Internal research and development expenses                       1,224,635        1,127,062          97,573             8.7%


Total research and development expenses                          1,953,295        1,778,594         174,701             9.8%


Adjusted research and development expense2                       1,668,368        1,558,960         109,408             7.0%

1.      Our co-funding obligation for the development of the pipeline assets under the Amgen collaboration for the year ended
        December 31, 2024 totaled US$148.4 million, of which US$75.2 million was recorded as R&D expense. The remaining
        US$73.2 million was recorded as a reduction for the R&D cost share liability.


2.      Adjusted research and development expense is intended to provide investors and others with information about our
        performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential
        variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial
        Measures and Non-GAAP Reconciliation in this MD&A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these
        items.


The increase in external research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily
attributable to higher upfront license and development milestone fees and increases in Amgen co-development
expense, partially offset by lower external clinical trial costs.


Internal research and development expense increased US$97.6 million, or 8.7%, to US$1.2 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2024 from US$1.1 billion in the prior year, and was primarily attributable to the expansion
of our global development organization and our clinical and preclinical drug candidates, as well as our continued
efforts to internalize research and clinical trial activities. Included within internal research and development
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 is US$27.1 million of accelerated depreciation expense related to
the move of clinical production to larger, more efficient production lines.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           137
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

                                                              Year Ended December 31,                      Changes
                                                                      2024              2023                                 %
                                                                                 (US dollars in thousands)


Selling, general and administrative expense                      1,831,056        1,508,001          323,055            21.4%
Adjusted selling, general and administrative expense1            1,549,864        1,284,689          265,175            20.6%

1.    Adjusted selling, general and administrative expense is intended to provide investors and others with information about
      our performance without the effect of items that, by their nature, tend to obscure core operating results due to potential
      variability across periods based on the timing, frequency and magnitude of such items. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial
      Measures and Non-GAAP Reconciliation in this MD&A for more information about, and a detailed reconciliation of, these
      items.


Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$323.1 million, or 21.4%, to US$1.8 billion for the
year ended December 31, 2024, from US$1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was due
to continued investment in the global commercial launch of BRUKINSA primarily in the U.S. and Europe. Selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of product sales were 48.4% for the year ended December
31, 2024 compared to 68.9% in the prior-year period. We expect continued investment growth in selling and
marketing expenses as our product sales increase.


Interest Income, Net

Interest income, net decreased by US$26.2 million, or 35.4%, to US$47.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2024, compared to US$74.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease in interest income was
primarily attributable to lower interest rates earned on our cash and cash equivalents and lower cash balances in
interest-bearing investments. Interest expense increased resulting from a higher debt balance, partially offset by an
increase in interest capitalization related to Hopewell construction.




138    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other (Expense) Income, Net

Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2024 was US$12.6 million, due to foreign exchange losses,
primarily from holding net monetary assets denominated in the RMB at certain U.S. dollar functional entities,
including BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Parent Company”), and unrealized losses on equity investments, partially offset by
government subsidy income.


Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$307.9 million, primarily due to the non-cash gain
of US$362.9 million recorded for the receipt of our ordinary shares as consideration for our settlement with BMS
and government subsidy income, partially offset by foreign exchange losses resulting from the strengthening of
the U.S. dollar compared to the RMB and the revaluation impact of RMB-denominated deposits held in U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries and unrealized losses on equity investments.


Income Tax Expense

Income tax expense was US$111.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared with US$55.9 million
for the year ended December 31, 2023. The income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2024 was
primarily attributable to higher pre-tax income resulting in current U.S. tax expense determined after other special
tax deductions and research and development tax credits, including tax expense of US$12.1 million due to the
impact of tax reserves on uncertain tax positions related to research and development tax credits, lower taxable
income in China, higher tax expense in certain EU and ROW jurisdictions and the deferred impact of the Company’s
unremitted earnings in the U.S. The Company’s tax expense for 2024 reflects the historic allocation of pre-tax
earnings and losses among our significant jurisdictions. This allocation and resulting tax expense depends on
various factors including the level of income and unremitted earnings generated in the U.S., and amount of research
and development costs incurred in China and therefore may vary from the historic allocation.


In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) enacted model rules
for a new global minimum tax framework (“BEPS Pillar Two”), and various governments around the world have
enacted, or are in the process of enacting legislation on this. While we do not anticipate that this will have a material
impact on our tax provision or effective tax rate, we will continue to monitor and assess pending legislation,
guidance, and implementation by individual countries and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future
periods.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT           139
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Non-GAAP Reconciliation

                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                          (US dollars in thousands)


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted cost of sales – products:
GAAP cost of sales – products                                                594,089          379,920
Less: Depreciation                                                            42,707             8,578
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                              4,729             3,739


Adjusted cost of sales – products                                            546,653          367,603


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted research and development:
GAAP research and development                                              1,953,295        1,778,594
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                      186,113          163,550
Less: Depreciation                                                            98,814           56,084


Adjusted research and development                                          1,668,368        1,558,960


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted selling, general and administrative:
GAAP selling, general and administrative                                   1,831,056        1,508,001
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                      255,680          204,038
Less: Depreciation                                                            25,417           15,774
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                 95             3,500


Adjusted selling, general and administrative                               1,549,864        1,284,689


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted operating expenses
GAAP operating expenses                                                    3,784,351        3,286,595
Less: Share-based compensation expenses                                      441,793          367,588
Less: Depreciation                                                           124,231           71,858
Less: Amortization of intangibles                                                 95             3,500


Adjusted operating expenses                                                3,218,232        2,843,649


Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted loss from operations:
GAAP loss from operations                                                   (568,199)       (1,207,736)
Plus: Share-based compensation expenses                                      441,793          367,588
Plus: Depreciation                                                           166,938           80,436
Plus: Amortization of intangibles                                              4,824             7,239


Adjusted income (loss) from operations                                        45,356          (752,473)



140    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash


As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash primarily comprised of
(i) approximately US$1.1 billion denominated in US dollars; (ii) approximately RMB10.0 billion (equivalent to
approximately US$1.3 billion) denominated in Renminbi; and (iii) approximately US$141.5 million denominated in
Euro, Australian dollar, and other currencies.


Accounts receivable, net


Accounts receivable increased by 88.9% from US$358.0 million as of December 31, 2023 to US$676.3 million as
of December 31, 2024, primarily due to the increased sales of our internally developed products and in-licensed
products.


Inventories, net


The inventories increased by 19.0% from US$416.1 million as of December 31, 2023 to US$495.0 million as of
December 31, 2024, primarily due to stock preparation for the increased sales of our internally developed products.


Prepaid expenses and other current assets


Prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased by 25.1% from US$257.5 million as of December 31, 2023 to
US$192.9 million as of December 31, 2024, primarily due to (i) the decrease of prepaid manufacturing cost; (ii) the
decrease of prepaid tax; and (iii) the decrease of deposits and other current assets.


Property, plant and equipment, net


The property and equipment increased by 19.2% from US$1,324.2 million as of December 31, 2023 to US$1,578.4
million as of December 31, 2024, primarily attributable to our ongoing build-out of the Company’s manufacturing
and clinical R&D campus in Hopewell.


Other non-current assets


The other non-current assets increased by 28.0% from US$125.4 million as of December 31, 2023 to US$160.5
million as of December 31, 2024, primarily due to the increase of investments in equity securities.


Accounts payable


Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$405.0 million and US$315.1 million as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT        141
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payable as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                    (US dollars in thousands)


Within 3 months                                                                        401,252           302,310
3 to 6 months                                                                               871             8,205
6 months to 1 year                                                                        2,615             4,551
Over 1 year                                                                                 259                 45


Total                                                                                  404,997           315,111


Accrued expenses and other payables


Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                    (US dollars in thousands)


Compensation related                                                                   248,348           217,803
Sales rebates and returns related                                                      235,600           139,936
External research and development activities related                                   154,269           162,969
Commercial activities                                                                    77,530           87,572
Accrued general and administrative expenses                                              31,106           36,203
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                    34,904           30,083
Other                                                                                    21,956           19,165


Total accrued expenses and other payables                                              803,713           693,731


Accrued expenses and other payables increased by 15.9% from US$693.7 million as of December 31, 2023 to
US$803.7 million as of December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to the increase of sales rebates and
returns in line with increased sales volume of our internally developed products.


Debt


The company’s total debt increased by 14.9% from US$886.0 million as of December 31, 2023 to US$1,018.0
million as of December 31, 2024, primarily due to the increase of short-term debt during the year ended December
31, 2024.




142     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


The following table represents our cash and debt balances as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                2,638,747        3,185,984


Total debt                                                                                1,018,013          885,984


We have incurred annual net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, resulting from
the cost of funding our research and development programs and selling, general and administrative expenses
associated with our operations, as well as supporting the commercialization of our products globally. We incurred
net losses of US$0.6 billion and US$0.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As
of December 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of US$8.6 billion.


To date, we have financed our existing operations and investments in long-term assets principally through proceeds
from public and private offerings of our securities, proceeds from debt and our collaborations, and since the third
quarter of 2024 cash flow from operations. Based on our current operating plan, we expect that our existing cash
and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and planned long-
term investments for at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements included in this report
are issued. We have also financed our operations and investments with proceeds from debt incurred primarily
from various banks both through our subsidiaries and the Parent Company of US$1.0 billion at December 31,
2024. The majority of those debt obligations, or approximately US$762.1 million, owed by BeiGene, Ltd., have
due dates within the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2024, BeiGene, Ltd. will require loans or distributions
from subsidiaries in fiscal year 2025 to fund its operations (see Note 11 in the Notes to the Financial Statements
for further discussion of deferred taxes on the U.S. unremitted earnings expected to be distributed to the Parent
Company). We believe we will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents and other sources of capital to be able to
repay and/or refinance those debt obligations on a consolidated basis.


On December 15, 2021, we completed our initial public offering on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (the “STAR Offering”). As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the STAR Offering
must be used in compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC prospectus as well as our proceeds
management policy for the STAR Offering approved by our Board. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had
cash remaining related to the STAR Offering proceeds of US$0.6 billion.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          143
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024 and
2023:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                     (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                     3,185,984         3,875,037
Net cash used in operating activities                                                   (140,631)      (1,157,453)
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                                     (548,350)          60,004
Net cash provided by financing activities                                               193,449           416,478
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                              (51,705)          (8,082)


Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                              (547,237)        (689,053)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                           2,638,747         3,185,984


Operating Activities


Cash used in operating activities improved versus the prior year due to our significantly improved revenue and
US$1.1 billion increase in gross margin in the current year and a decrease in cash used to fund working capital,
offset by continued funding of our development pipeline, and commercial operations to support our global
expansion.


Investing Activities


Investing activities used US$548.4 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to US$60.0
million of cash provided in the prior year due primarily to a decrease in proceeds from sales and maturities of
investment securities, partially offset by a decrease in capital expenditures.


Financing Activities


Financing activities provided US$193.4 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to
US$416.5 million of cash provided in the prior year period due primarily to a net reduction in short-term debt
borrowings.


Our borrowing and repayment cycle is dictated by the short-term maturities of our debt and the ability to increase
our borrowings is dependent on interest rates, credit spreads, bank lending capacity and other factors. We expect
to repay approximately US$851.5 million of loans in 2025 and expect to be able to re-finance those on a consistent
basis with our historical experience, with the cost of those borrowings depending on prevailing interest rates and
credit spreads.




144     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Effects of Exchange Rates on Cash


As noted above, we hold RMB denominated cash in our Parent Company (largely arising from the STAR Offering)
and incur foreign currency gains or losses when remeasuring such cash to the U.S. dollar. In the year ended
December 31, 2024, we incurred realized losses on cash of US$16.5 million that is included in the reconciling items
between net loss and net cash used in operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows primarily
related to the remeasurement of RMB denominated cash to USD. The RMB denominated cash in our Parent
Company, however, is required to be used to fund RMB denominated expenditures and thus foreign currency gains
or losses on such cash does not affect our ability to fund those expenditures.


We also have substantial operations in China, where the functional currency is the RMB and as such the net cash
flows are translated to the U.S. dollar for financial reporting. This process generates translation gains and losses
on RMB-denominated cash held in China that are included in the effects of foreign exchange rate changes on the
consolidated statements of cash flows, as such translation gains and losses are excluded from cash flows from
operating, investing and financing activities.


Future Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements


Our material cash requirements in the short- and long-term consist of the following operational, capital, and
manufacturing expenditures, a portion of which contain contractual or other obligations. We plan to fund our
material cash requirements with cash on hand.


CONTRACTUAL AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS


The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2024:


                                                                                           Payments Due by Period
                                                                            Total          Short-term        Long-term
                                                                                 (US dollars in thousands)


Contractual obligations:
Operating lease commitments                                               68,534              19,824            48,710
Purchase commitments                                                     131,944             110,423            21,521
Debt obligations                                                       1,018,013             851,529           166,484
Interest on debt                                                          55,230              39,856            15,374
Co-development funding commitment                                        335,261             225,251           110,010
Funding commitment                                                         7,404               1,838             5,566
Pension plan                                                              16,405               3,922            12,483
Capital commitments                                                       48,347              48,347                 –


Total                                                                  1,681,138            1,300,990          380,148




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2024    ANNUAL REPORT         145
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Lease Commitments


We lease office facilities in California, Massachusetts, Maryland, and New Jersey in the U.S.; Basel, Switzerland;
and office or manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou in China; under non-cancelable
operating leases expiring on various dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on a straight-line basis
over the respective lease terms. The aggregate future minimum payments under these non-cancelable operating
leases are summarized in the table above.


Purchase Commitments


As of December 31, 2024, purchase commitments amounted to US$131.9 million, of which US$32.5 million related
to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from CMOs and US$99.4 million related to binding
purchase order obligations of inventory from Amgen. We do not have any minimum purchase requirements for
inventory from Amgen.


Debt Obligations and Interest


Total debt obligations coming due in the next twelve months are US$851.5 million. Total long-term debt obligations
are US$166.5 million. We have numerous financial and non-financial covenants on our debt obligations with various
banks and other lenders. Some of these covenants include default and/or cross-default provisions that could
require acceleration of repayment of our loans in the event of default. However, our debt is primarily short-term in
nature. Any acceleration would be a matter of months but may impact our ability to refinance our debt obligations
if an event of default occurs. As of December 31, 2024, we are in compliance with all covenants of our material
debt agreements. See above regarding Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 14 in the Notes to the Financial
Statements for further detail of our debt obligations.


Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. For the purpose of contractual
obligations calculation, current interest rates on floating rate obligations were used for the remainder contractual life
of the outstanding borrowings.


Co-Development Funding Commitments


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we are responsible for co-funding global clinical development costs for
the licensed oncology pipeline assets, up to a total cap of US$1.25 billion. We are funding our portion of the co-
development costs by contributing cash and/or development services. As of December 31, 2024, our remaining co-
development funding commitment was US$335.3 million.




146    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Funding Commitment


Funding commitment represents our committed capital related to two of our equity method investments. As of
December 31, 2024, our remaining capital commitment was US$7.4 million and is expected to be paid from time to
time over the investment period.


Pension Plan


We maintain a defined benefit pension plan in Switzerland that is collectively financed by employer and employee
contributions. As of December 31, 2024, the plan was unfunded US$16.4 million, with US$3.9 million of employer
contributions expected in 2025. The timing and amount of future long-term funding requirements will vary as a
result of future changes in staffing and compensation levels, various actuarial assumptions and actual investment
returns on plan assets. In the event of an underfunding, Switzerland pension foundations can levy additional
contributions on the employer.


Capital Commitments


We had capital commitments amounting to US$48.3 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as
of December 31, 2024, related to various facilities across the globe.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES


Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and
judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our estimates on
historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Certain of these estimates are considered critical as they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and
have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our critical
accounting estimates are summarized below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this
annual report for a description of our significant accounting policies.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024      ANNUAL REPORT      147
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue Recognition


We recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods or services to our customers. Revenue is measured as
the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods and services. We generate revenue from
product sales and revenue transactions with our collaboration partners.


Product Revenue

To determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct
customer, we estimate any rebates, chargebacks or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and
other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. Significant judgments are required in
making these estimates. We include variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that
a significant reversal will not occur and estimate variable consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts
and allowances, sales returns allowances, and other incentives using the expected value method.


Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government and
commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of NRDL pricing, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,
sales returns allowances and other incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and our
customers, health care providers and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into
consideration a range of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical
experience, current contractual and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events
and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. We base our sales returns
allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by third-party sources, and actual
returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. To date, sales returns have not been significant.


Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from our estimates. We will reassess estimates
for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we will adjust these
estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


Collaboration Revenue

Our collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation, including
grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreements to provide research and development services and
other deliverables. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require
significant judgments to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the
contract.


Standalone selling prices for licenses of intellectual property and the right to access and use intellectual property
during an option period performance obligations are determined based on the probability-weighted present value
of forecasted cash flows associated with the intellectual property. Stand-alone selling prices for research and
development services performance obligations are based on the present value of estimated clinical trial costs plus
a reasonable margin.




148    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The estimates of standalone selling prices involve management’s key assumptions such as revenue growth rate,
estimated clinical trial costs, mark-up rate, probability of technical and regulatory success, and discount rates.
These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic, regulatory and market
conditions.


At December 31, 2024, our existing deferred revenue balance was less than US$1.0 million, and collaboration
revenue is not expected to be a significant driver of our financial results until if and when additional agreements are
entered into.


Measurement of Accrued Research and Development Expenses

Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses and are recognized as
the related services are incurred and measured at the cost expected to be paid for those services. As such, certain
of our research and development expenses in any one period are an estimate by us as to the amount incurred for
that period but not yet invoiced to us by the service provider. We have a history of contracting with third parties
that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development of our product candidates.
Expenses related to clinical trials not yet invoiced are accrued based on our estimates of the actual services
performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a
result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the related accruals
accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period in
which the facts that give rise to the revision become probable.


Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our
understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services
performed may vary and may result in us reporting expenses that differ from amounts ultimately paid in any one
period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments to our prior estimates of research and development
expenses.


Measurement of Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years.
Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these
future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources,
including reversal of temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies.
These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including historical
experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Currently, we are in a three-year
cumulative book loss position and as required by ASC 740, we provided a valuation allowance on all of our deferred
tax assets.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          149
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Subsequent Measurement of Long-Lived Assets

We test long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives,
for impairment at least annually and whenever events or circumstances change that indicate impairment may have
occurred. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred.
Such indicators may include, among others and without limitation: a significant decline in our expected future cash
flows; a sustained, significant decline in the trading prices of our ADSs, our ordinary shares, and/or our RMB Shares
and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated
competition; and slower growth rates. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we determined there was
no impairment of the value of our long-lived assets.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements.


INTEREST RISK


We are exposed to risk related to changes in interest rates on our outstanding borrowings. We had US$720.1
million of outstanding floating rate debt as of December 31, 2024. A 100-basis point increase in interest rates as of
December 31, 2024 would increase our annual pre-tax interest expense by approximately US$7.2 million.


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK


China Exchange Rate Regime


RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The State Administration of
Foreign Exchange, under the authority of the People’s Bank of China, controls the conversion of RMB into foreign
currencies. The value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things,
changes in China’s political and economic conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. Since 2005, the RMB
has been permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies.
The RMB compared to the U.S. dollar depreciated approximately 2.8% for both the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may
impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.




150    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Transactional Risk


We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures when we enter into transactions
denominated in foreign currencies. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, and our most significant functional
currencies are the U.S. dollar and the RMB. A portion of our operating transactions and monetary assets and
liabilities are in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and RMB, primarily the U.S. dollar against the RMB, Euro, and
Australian dollar. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we recognized foreign exchange losses of
US$16.0 million and US$64.8 million, respectively, resulting from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to
the RMB and the revaluation impact of RMB-denominated deposits held in U.S. dollar functional currency entities,
including the Parent Company. As of December 31, 2024, the Parent Company held RMB-denominated deposits of
US$220.4 million. A hypothetical 10% appreciation in the U.S. dollar exchange rate compared with the RMB as of
December 31, 2024 would have resulted in an increase in foreign exchange loss of approximately US$20.0 million.


Translational Risk


We also face foreign currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the
U.S. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period, primarily the RMB against the
U.S. dollar. A significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our foreign cash balances and trade receivables. Further, volatility in exchange rate fluctuations may
have a significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income
(loss).


We have not used derivative financial instruments to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION


Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation
has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2024.


GEARING RATIO


The gearing ratio of the Company, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 30.6% as of December 31, 2024, representing an increase from 25.0% as of December 31,
2023. The increase was primarily due to the increase of short-term debt and accumulated deficit.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not have other significant investments
held as of December 31, 2024.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           151
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not have other plans for material
investments and capital assets as of December 31, 2024.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES


Except as disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements, we did not have other material acquisitions
and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2024.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY


As of December 31, 2024, we had a global team of over 11,000 employees, which increased from 10,500
employees as of December 31, 2023. Most of our employees are full-time. The remuneration policy and package of
the Company’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash compensation and benefits, we may issue
share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, unrestricted shares, performance
share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to our employees in accordance with our equity
plans. We also provide external and internal training programs to our employees. The packages were set by
benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies of similar size. The total remuneration cost
incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 was US$1.8 billion (2023: US$1.6 billion).


PLEDGE OF ASSETS


As of December 31, 2024, we pledged restricted deposits of US$11.3 million (December 31, 2023: US$14.2 million)
primarily consist of cash deposits held in designated bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit and letters of
guarantee, and land use right and certain property, plant and equipments with a total carrying amount of US$144.9
million (December 31, 2023: US$200.4 million) were secured for long-term bank loans.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES


As of December 31, 2024, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2023: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024.




152    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board consists of eleven Directors, comprising one executive Director, one non-executive Director, and nine
independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about our Directors as of
April 18, 2025:


Name                                     Age       Position


Mr. John V. Oyler                        57        Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                        62        Non-executive Director
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt                  69        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                   68        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                       50        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                    70        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                     51        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Alessandro Riva                      64        Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          68        Independent non-executive Director
Ms. Shalini Sharp                        50        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                          53        Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 57, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. He has served
as a member of the Board since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served as President and Chief
Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was acquired by Pharmaceutical
Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive Officer of Galenea Corp., a
biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central nervous system diseases,
which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Oyler was a
Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in 2007. From 1997 to
1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Inc., an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical
company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management consultant at McKinsey &
Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in June 1990 and an MBA
from Stanford University in January 1996. We believe that Mr. Oyler’s extensive leadership, executive, managerial,
business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company experience, along with his years of industry experience
in the development of pharmaceutical products qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         153
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Xiaodong Wang , Ph.D., aged 62, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of the Board since February
2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang has served as
the founding Co-Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and became its
Director and Investigator in 2010. In addition, Dr. Wang has served as a Chair Professor at Tsinghua University
since 2020. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator from 1997 to 2010 and held the
position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical Sciences at the University
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr. Wang founded Joyant
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the development of small
molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang serves as a non-executive director and member of the compensation
committee of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd. (HKEx: 2197). Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing
Normal University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a
foreign associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience
in cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualifies him to serve as a member
of the Board.




154    BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt , aged 69, has served as a member of the Board since January 2024. Dr. Brandicourt
has served as a Senior Advisor at Blackstone Life Sciences, a private equity segment of The Blackstone Group
that invests within the life science sector, since November 2019. Dr. Brandicourt currently serves on the boards
of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing
novel therapeutics based on RNAi; and Dewpoint Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held condensate biotechnology
company. He also serves as chair of the board of AvenCell Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held leading clinical-stage
cell therapy company focused on advancing both switchable and allogeneic engineered CAR-T cell therapies. Dr.
Brandicourt has over 30 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry, including as a senior leader of
three global pharmaceutical companies. From April 2015 to August 2019, Dr. Brandicourt served as Chief Executive
Officer and a member of the board of directors of Sanofi S.A.. Prior to Sanofi, he was the Chief Executive Officer
and Chair of Bayer HealthCare AG from November 2013 to March 2015. From 2000 to 2013, Dr. Brandicourt
served in various operational and managerial positions at Pfizer Inc., including as a member of the Executive
Leadership Team and President and General Manager of the Emerging Markets and Established Products Business
Units. During his tenure at Sanofi, Dr. Brandicourt was elected Chairman of the Board of Management of the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America in 2019 and Vice-President of the European Federation
of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations, serving from 2017 to 2019. He is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal
College of Physicians in London. Dr. Brandicourt studied medicine in Paris where he specialized in Infectious
Diseases and Tropical Medicine and holds a Master’s Degree in Biology from Paris XII University and an Advanced
Degree in Cellular and Immunological Pathophysiology from the Paris Descartes University. We believe that Dr.
Brandicourt’s extensive global operational, commercial and senior management experience in the healthcare sector
qualifies him to serve on the Board.


Dr. Margaret Han Dugan , aged 68, has served as a member of the Board since February 2022. Dr. Dugan is
currently Chief Medical Officer at Schrodinger, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: SDGR). She
joined Dracen in 2018 with more than 20 years of experience in oncology and previously held senior leadership
roles at Novartis Oncology, including Senior Vice President and Global Program Head, developing innovative
medicines for patients. Dr. Dugan also held several development positions at Schering-Plough (now Merck &
Co.) and American Cyanamid (now Pfizer). Dr. Dugan received her B.A. and medical degrees in hematology and
oncology from New York University. We believe that Dr. Dugan’s extensive scientific and leadership experience in
the healthcare sector qualifies her to serve on the Board.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          155
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Michael Goller , aged 50, has served as a member of the Board since April 2015. Mr. Goller is a Partner at
Baker Brothers Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of JPMorgan
Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Goller
began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller serves on the
board of directors of DBV Technologies SA, a company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris, and serves
on the board of directors of Replimune Group, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: REPL). From
2017 to 2019, he served on the board of directors of Levo Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Goller received a B.S. in Molecular
and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997, and a Master’s in both Biotechnology
(School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton School) from the University of
Pennsylvania in May 2005. We believe that Mr. Goller is qualified to serve on the Board based on his experience in
the life sciences industry and for his knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper , aged 70, has served as a member of the Board since January 2020. Mr. Hooper retired
from Amgen in January 2020, where he was Executive Vice President from September 2018 to January 2020,
and Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations from 2011 to August 2018. From 2010 to 2011, Mr.
Hooper was Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations and President, U.S., Japan and Intercontinental of
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS). From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Hooper was President, Americas of BMS. From
2004 to 2009, Mr. Hooper was President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals, Worldwide Pharmaceuticals Group, a division
of BMS. Prior to that, Mr. Hooper held various senior leadership positions at BMS. Prior to joining BMS, Mr.
Hooper was Assistant Vice President of Global Marketing for Wyeth Laboratories. Mr. Hooper earned law and
MBA degrees from the University of South Africa in 1978 and 1988 respectively. Mr. Hooper serves on the board
of MannKind Corporation, a company listed on the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MNKD). We believe Mr. Hooper’s
extensive experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and broad international experience in pharmaceutical
commercial operations qualify him to serve on the Board.


Mr. Ranjeev Krishana , aged 51, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014 and as our Lead Director
since February 2020. Mr. Krishana has worked at Baker Bros. Advisors LP, from 2011 to the present and currently
serves as Partner. Prior to joining Baker Bros., Mr. Krishana held a series of commercial, strategy, and business
development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across a variety of international regions and
markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was at Pfizer from 2003 to 2007 and from
2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China, where he served as a Senior Director
and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his career as a strategy consultant at
Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana serves on the board of Immunocore Holdings plc, a company listed on the NASDAQ
(ticker symbol: IMCR). Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Brown University
in May 1995, and a Master’s of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2011. We believe Mr. Krishana’s
knowledge of the healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on the Board.




156    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Alessandro Riva , aged 64, has served as a member of the Board since February 2022. From 2021 to 2023, Dr.
Riva served as Chief Executive Officer of Intima Bioscience, Inc., a privately held clinical stage gene and cell therapy
company. From 2019 to 2021, he served as Chief Executive Officer at privately held Ichnos Sciences, where he
built a biotechnology company focused on bi- and tri-specific antibodies in oncology and biologics in autoimmune
diseases. From 2017 to 2019, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Therapeutics and
Cell & Gene Therapy at Gilead Sciences, where he was instrumental in the acquisition of Kite Pharma. Prior to
Gilead, from 2005 to 2016, Dr. Riva was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Oncology Development and
Medical Affairs at Novartis Pharmaceuticals, where he contributed significantly to the Oncology Business Unit
and the Cell and Gene Therapy Unit. He was also interim President of Novartis Oncology during the acquisition of
GSK Oncology. Dr. Riva is currently on the board of directors of Bicycle Therapeutics plc, a NASDAQ-listed (ticker
symbol: BCYC) clinical-stage pharmaceutical company developing a novel class of medicines for diseases that are
underserved by existing therapeutics, and on the board of directors of Century Therapeutics, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed
(ticker symbol: IPSC) biotechnology company developing innovative iPSC-derived NK and T cell therapies. Dr. Riva
is also serving as the chairman of the board of directors and CEO of Transgene SA (Euronext Paris: TNG, Paris:
TNG), a listed immunotherapy biotech company that designs and develops therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic
viruses against cancer. He previously held roles at Farmitalia Carlo Erba, Rhône-Poulenc Rorer and Aventis and
co-founded the Breast Cancer International Research Group (BCIRG) and the Cancer International Research
Group (CIRG), where he served as Chief Executive Officer. He received his M.D. in medicine and surgery from the
University of Milan and a certificate board in oncology and hematology from the same institution. We believe that
Dr. Riva’s extensive scientific and management experience in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on the
Board.


Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders , aged 68, has served as a member of the Board since August 2020. Dr. Sanders
most recently served as an Interim Transition Advisor to the Global Development Group of Bristol Myers Squibb
Corporation from November 2019, following its acquisition of Celgene Corporation, until February 2020. Previously,
Dr. Sanders served as a Strategic Advisor to the Office of the Celgene Chief Medical Officer from March 2018
to November 2019. From January 2017 to March 2018, she was a member of the Juno Therapeutics Executive
Committee as Executive Vice President of Development Operations, with responsibilities for strategic operations,
quantitative sciences, biosample and clinical operations. From 1994 to 2017, Dr. Sanders held leadership positions
at Genentech/Roche, including as a member of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Portfolio Committee, Global Head
of the Genentech/Roche Late Stage Clinical Operations, Global Head of the Genentech/Roche Biometrics group,
and Genentech Head of DATA (Design, Analysis, Technology & Administration) prior to the Roche acquisition. Dr.
Sanders currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in
Seattle, WA, and as a director of the following biotechnology companies: Legend Biotech Corporation (NASDAQ:
LEGN), AltruBio Inc. (formerly AbGenomics) (privately held), and Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ:
RARE). Dr. Sanders earned her B.S. and M.S. in statistics, graduating Magna Cum Laude from the University
of the Philippines, and her M.A. and Ph.D. in statistics from the Wharton Doctoral Program at the University of
Pennsylvania. We believe that Dr. Sanders’ extensive experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and her
scientific and leadership experience qualify her to serve on the Board.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          157
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. Shalini Sharp , aged 50, has served as a member of the Board since September 2024. Ms. Sharp serves on the
Board of Directors of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.(NASDAQ: NBIX), a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company,
Organon & Co. (NYSE: OGN), a publicly traded healthcare company, and Septerna, Inc. (NASDAQ: LEGN), a
publicly traded biotechnology company. Ms. Sharp served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, from May 2012 to October
2020. Previously, from August 2003 to May 2012, she held positions of increasing responsibility at Agenus Inc., a
publicly traded immune-oncology company, including as Chief Financial Officer, and also served as a member of its
board of directors from May 2012 to June 2018. Earlier in her career, Ms. Sharp worked at Elan Pharmaceuticals,
McKinsey & Company, and Goldman Sachs. Ms. Sharp previously served on the board of directors of Mirati
Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company from March 2021 until its acquisition in January
2024, Sutro Biopharma, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, from November 2018 to November
2023, the board of directors of Precision BioSciences, Inc., a publicly traded gene editing company, from December
2018 to June 2022, the board of directors of Panacea Acquisition Corp. from July 2020 until its acquisition of
Nuvation Bio in January 2021, and the board of directors of Array Biopharma from April 2017 until its acquisition
in June 2019. Ms. Sharp received a B.A. from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We
believe Ms. Sharp is qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience and expertise in financial
management and executive leadership at various biopharmaceutical companies, as well as her service on the
boards of directors of numerous companies.


Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 53, has served as a member of the Board since October 2014. Mr. Yi serves as a non-
executive director of JD Health International Inc. (HKEx: 6618). Mr. Yi is a Partner at Hillhouse Capital. He has
worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse, Mr. Yi was an Equity
Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse includes investments in
the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi received a B.S. degree
in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University of Southern California
in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of the healthcare sector
qualifies him to serve on the Board.




158    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The following table provides information about members of our senior management, as of April 18, 2025, other than
Mr. John Oyler, who is included above as an executive Director:


Name                                  Age        Position


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.                     63         President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China
Aaron Rosenberg                       48         Chief Financial Officer
Lai Wang, Ph.D.                       48         Global Head of R&D
Chan Lee                              57         Senior Vice President and General Counsel


Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. , aged 63, joined our Company in April 2018 as our President and General Manager of China
and has been appointed to an additional position of Chief Operating Officer, effective April 1, 2021. He has more
than 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, with expertise in research and development, strategy,
commercialization and general management. Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the
Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the
Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018. Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth
to become a leading multinational pharmaceutical company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President
and Managing Director of Wyeth China and Hong Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served
as the General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales
and marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu served as a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical
Association Committee (RDPAC) in China from 2008 to 2018 and as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber
of Commerce of China’s National Association of Industry & Commerce from 2015 to 2018. Dr. Wu currently serves
on the board of directors of Clover Biopharmaceuticals, Ltd., a company listed on the HKEx. He is also a research
fellow at the Research Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem (NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University
in Nanjing, China. In addition to his duties in industry associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards,
including “Person of the Year” in Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese
Healthcare Industry” and the “2017 Social Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in
Biochemistry and Pharmacology and a Diploma in Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the
University of Konstanz in Germany.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT         159
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Aaron Rosenberg , aged 48, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2024. Prior to joining BeiGene,
Mr. Rosenberg is a global finance executive with more than 20 years of experience at Merck & Co., Inc, known as
Merck Sharp & Dohme outside of the United States and Canada. He was most recently Senior Vice President and
Corporate Treasurer of Merck from 2021. Prior to his role as Corporate Treasurer, Mr. Rosenberg served as Senior
Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Planning at Merck from 2018 to 2021 with responsibilities including
leading the enterprise-wide business transformation team and acting as Head of Financial Planning & Analysis. Mr.
Rosenberg was Vice President and Finance Lead of Merck Animal Health from 2015 to 2018, leading a global team
of 120 colleagues. He joined Merck in 2003 in ascending leadership roles in the global finance organization. Mr.
Rosenberg received a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the Warrington College of Business at the University
of Florida and a Master of Business Administration from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York
University.


Lai Wang, Ph.D. , aged 48, has served as our Global Head of R&D since April 2021. Dr. Wang joined our Company
in May 2011 with increasing responsibilities over the years and most recently as Senior Vice President, Head of
Global Research, Clinical Operation & Biometrics and APAC Clinical Development. Dr. Wang has over 20 years of
experience in the oncology field and over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in both research
and development. Prior to joining us, Dr. Wang was the director of research at Joyant Pharmaceuticals, a biotech
company based in Dallas, Texas. Dr. Wang received his B.S. from Fudan University in 1996 and Ph.D. from
University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio in 2001.


Chan Lee , aged 57, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since July 2022. He has more
than 25 years of experience in the bio-pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining BeiGene, Mr. Lee served as North
America General Counsel and Head of Legal for the Specialty Care Global Business Unit at Sanofi from 2016 to
2022, responsible for the legal oversight of Sanofi’s operations in the U.S. and Canada and Specialty Care business
globally. Prior to Sanofi, Mr. Lee held roles of increasing responsibility at Pfizer from 2008 to 2016, most notably
as Chief Counsel for Pfizer’s Innovative Health global business. He also served as Chief Counsel for the Vaccines,
Oncology and Consumer Health global businesses at Pfizer, as well as Assistant General Counsel for Asia
operations. Mr. Lee earned his J.D. from the University of California at Berkeley and his B.S. in applied economics
from Cornell University.




160    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51(B) (1) OF
THE HK LISTING RULES


Upon specific inquiry by the Company and following confirmations from Directors, except as disclosed hereunder,
there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51(B)
(1) of the HK Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report. The
change of Director’s information is set out below.


Directors                          Changes in Positions held with the Company


Mr. Thomas Malley                  Resigned as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit
                                   Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee effective January 22, 2024.


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt            Appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   Audit Committee effective January 23, 2024; appointed as a member of the
                                   Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective March 19, 2024.


Ms. Shalini Sharp                  Appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the
                                   Audit Committee effective September 27, 2024; appointed as a member of the
                                   Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee effective January 16, 2025;
                                   appointed as the chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025.


Mr. Donald W. Glazer               Ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director and the chair of the
                                   Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee effective October 25, 2024.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper              Appointed as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
                                   effective January 16, 2025; ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee
                                   but remains as a member of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         161
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group, for the year ended December 31, 2024.


GENERAL INFORMATION


The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the
HKEx since August 8, 2018 under the stock code 06160. The Company’s ADSs have been listed on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market under the symbol “BGNE” from February 3, 2016 to January 1, 2025, and under the symbol
“ONC” since January 2, 2025. The Company’s ordinary shares traded in Renminbi (RMB Shares) have been publicly
traded on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in China under the stock
code “688235” since December 15, 2021.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES


The Company is a leading global oncology company discovering and developing innovative treatments that
are more accessible and affordable to cancer patients worldwide. The Company has established commercial
capabilities in key large commercial markets of the U.S., Europe and China, and continue its rapid expansion
of capabilities into Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions. In the U.S. and EU, the Company
generates product revenues from the sale of BRUKINSA® and TEVIMBRA®. In China, the Company generates
product revenues from the sale of its internally developed drugs TEVIMBRA, BRUKINSA and PARTRUVIX®, and
the sale of in-licensed products through its agreements with Amgen, BMS, Bio-Thera, EUSA Pharma and Luye
Pharmaceutical. The analysis of the Group’s revenues and contribution to results are set out in Note 3 and Note 15
to the consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW


The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on
page 164 to page 168 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders will be
included in our “Responsible Business & Sustainability Report” published on the same day as this annual report.
The review and discussion form part of this Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL


Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.




162    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSIDIARIES


Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 129 of this annual
report.


RESULTS


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss on page 267 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately
61.9% of the Group’s revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 18.0% of
the Group’s revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers
accounted for approximately 61.3% of the Group’s revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for
approximately 16.0% of the Group’s revenue.


For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 30.1% and 26.4% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the
Group for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 accounted for approximately 11.8% and 8.0% of the
Group’s total purchases, respectively.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors owns more than 5% of our issued share capital, had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          163
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE


The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment, giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments are
set out in the Company’s Responsible Business & Sustainability Report published on the same day as this annual
report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS


During the year ended December 31, 2024, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material respects.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD


Effective January 16, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp has been appointed as a member of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and Mr. Anthony C. Hooper has been appointed as the chair of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.


Effective March 1, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp has been appointed as the Chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Anthony C.
Hooper ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee but remains a member of the Audit Committee.


On March 10, 2025, the Company announced the expected timetable of the Continuation, the Adoption of the
Proposed Swiss Articles, the Election of the Swiss Auditor and the Approval of Related Audit Services and
Remuneration and published the circular with notice of the EGM and form of proxy for the EGM.


Except as disclosed above, there were no important events affecting the Group which occurred after the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES


As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•     Our medicines may fail to achieve and maintain the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
      third-party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.


•     We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed and in-licensed medicines. If
      we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
      to market and sell our medicines, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales revenue.


•     We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
      competing medicines before or more successfully than we do.




164       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   The market opportunities for our future medicines may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or
    have failed prior treatments and may be small.


•   If we or any third parties with which we may collaborate to market and sell our medicines are unable to
    achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement or are subject to unfavorable pricing
    regulations, our commercial success and business operations could be adversely affected.


•   Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
    earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


•   If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
    authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
    in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
    candidates.


•   If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
    delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


•   All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
    products are heavily regulated, and we may face difficulties in complying with or be unable to comply with
    such regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


•   The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
    regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly, and inherently unpredictable. If we experience
    delays or are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be
    substantially harmed.


•   Our medicines and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
    and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject
    to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our
    medicines and drug candidates.


•   We have historically incurred significant net losses and may incur net losses in the future.


•   We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
    financing, we may be unable to complete the development of our drug candidates or achieve profitability.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT          165
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•     If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our medicines and drug candidates, we may lose
      market exclusivities in our medicines.


•     We rely on third parties to manufacture some of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our business could
      be harmed if those third parties fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, provide us with insufficient
      quantities of product or provide product at unacceptable quality levels or prices.


•     We have entered into licensing and collaboration arrangements and may enter into additional collaborations,
      licensing arrangements, or strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such
      arrangements.


•     If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our medicines, our business and sales could be
      adversely affected.


•     If we are not able to successfully develop and/or commercialize Amgen’s oncology products, the expected
      benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


•     We have significantly increased and expect to continue to increase our research, development, manufacturing,
      and commercial capabilities, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.


•     Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
      personnel.


•     Our business is subject to complex and evolving industry-specific laws and regulations regarding the
      collection and transfer of personal data. These laws and regulations can be stringent and many are subject
      to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, changes to our data and other business
      practices, significant penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise adversely impact our business.




166    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   We manufacture some of our medicines and intend to manufacture some of our drug candidates, if approved.
    Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed against us and delays
    in receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or interruption
    of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.


•   Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
    United States or other governments and the significant oversight and discretion the PRC government has
    over the conduct of the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries may materially and adversely affect our
    business, financial condition, and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth
    and expansion strategies.


•   The PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, and has the ability to exert
    significant oversight and control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
    in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and limit or completely
    hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such
    securities to significantly decline or be worthless.


•   There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations,
    and rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice.


•   Filing or other procedures with the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) or other Chinese
    regulatory authorities may be required in connection with issuing our equity securities to foreign investors
    under Chinese law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able, or how long it will take us,
    to complete such filing or other procedures. If we fail to complete a filing with the CSRC, our future offering
    application may be impacted and we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC
    and relevant departments of the State Council.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          167
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•       The trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs, and/or RMB Shares can be volatile, which could result in
        substantial losses to you.


•       Your rights as a shareholder will change as a result of the Continuation.


•       As a result of increased shareholder voting requirements upon completion of the Continuation, we will have
        less flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management than previously.


•       The Continuation will result in additional direct and indirect costs whether or not completed.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS


Use of Net Proceeds from Amgen


On January 2, 2020, the Company sold 15,895,001 ADSs, representing 206,635,013 ordinary shares of the
Company and approximately 20.5% ownership stake in the Company’s outstanding shares as at the same date,
to Amgen for aggregate cash proceeds of US$2,779,241,000, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant to the Amgen SPA
(as amended) executed in connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. The subscription price represents:
(a) a 36% premium to the 30-day volume weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs as of October 30, 2019,
the day prior to the date of the Amgen SPA; (b) assuming a conversion rate of US$1.00: HK$7.84, a 26% premium
to the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares as quoted on the HKEx on October 31, 2019, the date of the
Amgen SPA; and (c) a 26% premium to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ on October 31,
2019.




168      BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The net proceeds from the sale of the shares have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out
in the proxy statement/circular of the Company dated November 29, 2019. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2024:


                                                                             Actual              Actual    Unutilized net
                                                                       usage up to       usage up to proceeds as of
                                       Planned                       December 31,      December 31,        December 31,
                                  applications       Percentage                2023                2024             2024
                                    (US dollars           of total      (US dollars          (US dollars     (US dollars
Use of proceeds                  in thousands)          proceeds     in thousands)      in thousands)      in thousands)


To fund business
  operations(a)                      2,779,241             100%           2,229,632           2,357,788          421,453

Note (a):   To fund the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement by contributing cash
            and development services up to a total cap of approximately US$1.25 billion, the development, manufacturing
            and commercialization of the Company’s internally developed drug candidates, expansion of the Company’s
            commercialization activities, and for future capacity expansion and general corporate use, as appropriate, as
            previously disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement/circular dated November 29, 2019.


The Company plans to gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with such intended purposes
depending on actual business, which is expected to be fully utilized by 2026. For further details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated November 1, 2019, December 9, 2019, and January 3, 2020.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2024     ANNUAL REPORT        169
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Use of Net Proceeds from STAR Offering


On December 15, 2021, the Company completed the STAR Offering on the STAR Market of the SSE. The shares
offered in the STAR Offering were issued to and subscribed for by permitted investors in China in Renminbi
(“RMB Shares”) pursuant to the general mandate to issue shares, which was approved by the shareholders at the
Company’s 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders held on June 16, 2021. The public offering price of the
RMB Shares was RMB192.60 per RMB Share, which equates to HK$234.89 per ordinary share and US$391.68
per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 115,055,260 RMB Shares. The RMB Shares are not fungible with
the ordinary shares of the Company listed on the HKEx or with the ADSs representing the Company’s ordinary
shares listed on the NASDAQ. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting commission and offering expenses were
US$3,392,616,000. The net proceeds from the STAR Offering have been and will be utilized in accordance with the
purposes set out in the prospectus of the STAR Offering (the “STAR Prospectus”), including (i) clinical development
and research project, (ii) research and development center construction, (iii) bio-manufacturing plant construction,
(iv) sales and marketing force expansion, and (v) working capital and general corporate purposes. On November
10, 2023, the Board approved to adjust the amount of proceeds to be invested in each subcategory projects under
the “clinical development and research project”. As required by the PRC securities laws, the net proceeds from the
STAR Offering must be used in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the STAR Prospectus as
well as the Company’s proceeds management policy for the STAR Offering approved by the Board.


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November 16, 2020, January 29, 2021, April
20, 2021, May 14, 2021, June 1, 2021, June 21, 2021, June 28, 2021, June 30, 2021, July 9, 2021, July 28, 2021,
October 15, 2021, November 16, 2021, November 23, 2021, November 24, 2021, November 29, 2021, November
30, 2021, December 2, 2021, December 6, 2021, December 7, 2021, December 13, 2021, December 21, 2021,
December 28, 2021, April 29, 2022, June 27, 2022, August 30, 2022, September 28, 2022, April 25, 2023, August
29, 2023, November 13, 2023, April 26, 2024, August 29, 2024, November 12, 2024 and the circular dated April 30,
2021 of the Company.




170    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As of December 31, 2024, net proceeds amounting to RMB17.9 billion had been utilized, and the remaining RMB3.7
billion will be gradually utilized in accordance with such intended purposes depending on actual business needs,
and are expected to be fully utilized within five years after the completion of STAR Offering. The table below sets
out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2024:


                                                                               Actual              Actual    Unutilized net
                                                                         usage up to        usage up to proceeds as of
                                                           Planned     December 31,       December 31,      December 31,
Use of proceeds                                       applications               2023               2024              2024
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000


Clinical Development and Research Projects              13,245,940          7,169,470          10,045,510        3,200,430
R&D Center Construction                                    467,700            434,188            485,741            (18,041)*
Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction                         150,000            153,451            153,451             (3,451)*
Sales & Marketing Force Expansion                          136,360            110,240            143,560             (7,200)*
Replenishment of Working Capital                         6,000,000          4,832,281           5,624,969          375,031
Excess of Proceeds                                       1,630,155            978,000           1,467,000          163,155


Total                                                   21,630,155         13,677,630          17,920,231        3,709,924


*       The excess over the planned applications for R&D Center Construction, Bio-Manufacture Plant Construction and Sales &
        Marketing Force Expansion were provided by interest income from the STAR Offering proceeds.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          171
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES


The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that we currently intend to retain all available funds and
earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to applicable law and our Articles, any future determination to pay
dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may be based on a number of factors, including our future
operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. This dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on our
financial and cash flow position. We intend to continue to review our dividend policy from time to time, and there
can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.


We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. If we pay dividends
in the future, in order for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders and holders of ADSs, we may rely to some
extent on dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, and such distributions will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In addition, PRC
regulations currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated distributable after-
tax profits, as determined in accordance with our Articles and the accounting standards and regulations in the PRC.


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024.


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2024
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 270 and in Note 29 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively, among which the information of the distributable reserves is set forth in Note 29
to the consolidated financial statements.




172    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2024
are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS


The Group had US$1,018.0 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2024 (2023: US$886.0 million).


DONATION


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$5.0 million
(2023: approximately US$5.4 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED


The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2024.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Share Schemes”, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the
Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT        173
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS


The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report
are:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-Executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent Non-Executive Directors


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (Note 1)
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Ms. Shalini Sharp (Note 2)
Mr. Qingqing Yi

Notes:


(1)    Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director.


(2)    Effective September 27, 2024, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director.


*      On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The
       decision by Mr. Malley to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices
       of the Company. There is no matter in respect of Mr. Malley’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
       shareholders of the Company or The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In connection with his resignation from the
       Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.




174      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed away and ceased to serve as an independent non-executive
Director and the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board.


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2026 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2027 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2025 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board’s nominees for
election by the shareholders at the 2025 annual general meeting are the current Class III members: Dr. Xiaodong
Wang, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Ms. Shalini Sharp and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Ms. Shalini Sharp
was appointed to the Board in September 2024 by the Board through the filling of a vacancy, as permitted by
our Articles. Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board
nominates Ms. Shalini Sharp for election by the shareholders at the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders
to serve as a Class II Director. If elected, Ms. Shalini Sharp will serve as a Director until the annual general meeting
of shareholders in 2027 and until her successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to her earlier resignation or
removal.


Ms. Shalini Sharp confirms that she (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the HK Listing
Rules on August 20, 2024, and (ii) understands her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the HK Listing
Rules.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their
independence as regards the factors referred to in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the Company considers all
of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed “Directors
and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION


Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, receives no compensation
for his service as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board,
also receives no compensation for his service as a Director.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          175
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an independent director compensation policy, which was most recently amended on March 19,
2024 by the Board (the “Independent Director Compensation Policy”). The Independent Director Compensation
Policy is part of a total compensation package designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis,
high caliber independent Directors as defined under the listing rule of NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ Listing Rules”).
Under the Independent Director Compensation Policy, all independent Directors, as defined under NASDAQ Listing
Rules, are paid cash compensation as set forth below, including an annual cash retainer of US$65,000, which
remains the same as the annual retainer adopted in 2023, and additional fees for service as a member or chair of
each committee of the Board of Directors on which they serve, in each case, as noted below, each of which are
paid quarterly. Under the Independent Director Compensation Policy, the chair of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will be paid an annual cash retainer of US$20,000, which reflects a US$2,000 increase
from the annual retainer adopted in 2023, and members of the Nominating Committee will be paid an annual cash
retainer of US$10,000, which reflects a US$1,000 increase from the annual retainer adopted in 2023. The changes
for the cash retainers of the chair and members of Nominating Committee are effective commencing April 1, 2024.
There are no changes in the amount or composition of the equity award compared to the policy adopted in 2023.


                                                                                                Annual Retainer
                                                                                                           (US$)


Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                 65,000
Audit Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            35,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         17,500
Compensation Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            30,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         15,000
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                           20,000(1)
Non-Chair members                                                                                        10,000(2)
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            20,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         10,000
Scientific Advisory Committee:
Chair (inclusive of fee as a committee member)                                                            20,000
Non-Chair members                                                                                         10,000

Notes:


(1)   Increased by US$2,000 from 2023.


(2)   Increased by US$1,000 from 2023.




176      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consistent with the current policy, under the Independent Director Compensation Policy, each independent
director, as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules, is granted equity awards valued at US$400,000 in connection
with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated for the portion of the year served leading up to
the first anniversary of the last annual meeting of shareholders, and annual equity awards valued at US$400,000
on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders. Each of the awards will consist of 50% share options and
50% RSUs. As under the current policy, the equity awards will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of
date of grant or the date of the next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of
specified events in connection with a change of control of the Company. Subject to specific terms and conditions
designed for compliance with applicable tax and other regulations, Directors generally may elect to defer settlement
of their RSUs until six months following the date that the Director ceases to serve as a Director. The options have
an exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of
grant and (ii) the average fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares over the five trading days immediately
preceding the date of grant, in each case as determined in reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs
on the NASDAQ. The equity awards are granted under the Amended 2016 Plan and form of award agreement
thereunder. In addition, under the terms of the Amended 2016 Plan, the value of all equity awards and other cash
compensation paid to each independent Director for their service as an independent Director may not exceed
US$1,000,000 in any calendar year (except in a Director’s first year of service). We also reimburse all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by independent Directors in attending board and committee meetings.


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted share ownership guidelines, further amended in
September 2024, which are applicable to our non-employee Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief
Executive Officer, to further align the interests of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders.
The share ownership guidelines are as follows: our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times
his annual base salary; our President must hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of
our other executive officers must hold equity worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-
employee Directors must hold equity worth at least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Covered individuals
and newly appointed or elected persons have five years to achieve the ownership guideline.


The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2024 was approximately US$27.5 million and US$23.1 million, respectively. Details of the
remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive officer of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 24, Note 25
and Note 26, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and
there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          177
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employment Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler


Mr. John V. Oyler and the Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements on
April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler currently receives
a base salary of US$1,133,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with the Company’s
policy and subject to Board approval. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated between the Company and certain
of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler is eligible for an annual merit increase and an annual bonus, with a current target
level of 100% of his base salary, based on performance as recommended by the Compensation Committee and
determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also provide for certain transportation
and international travel benefits and tax preparation and equalization payments. His employment agreements have
an initial three-year term and automatically renew for additional one-year terms unless either party provides written
notice of non-renewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment can be terminated by the Company at any time. Mr. Oyler may
resign upon 60 days advance notice; so long as his resignation is not due to his employment with a competing
business, he may receive payment in lieu of notice. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we
will pay (i) accrued but unpaid base salary during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation time;
(iii) unpaid annual bonus from the previous calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses incurred, documented
and substantiated but not yet reimbursed (collectively, the “Final Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is
terminated by us other than for “cause” (as defined in his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his
employment for “good reason” (as defined in his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final
Compensation, (ii) a lump sum equal to the base salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as
defined below), (iii) the post-termination bonus calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of
days passed through the date of termination, (iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration by 20 months
of the vesting of his equity awards (the “accelerated awards”). The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided that
if Mr. Oyler’s employment terminates during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in
his employment agreements), then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides
that the unvested portion of his awards will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment
agreements also prohibit him from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities during his employment
and for 18 months after the termination of his employment.




178    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder, Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board and Director, has been providing
scientific and strategic advisory services to us since our founding in 2010. On July 24, 2018 and February 24,
2021, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years, respectively (the “Existing
Consulting Agreements”). On December 7, 2023, we entered into a new consulting agreement (the “2024
Consulting Agreement”) with Dr. Wang to renew the consulting arrangement on substantially the same terms and
conditions as his Existing Consulting Agreements, for services to be performed by Dr. Xiaodong Wang during the
period starting on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2026. Dr. Wang’s consulting services include
leading the Company’s Scientific Advisory Board and providing short – and long-term strategic advice to the
Company in his areas of expertise, participating in the Company’s leadership team meetings from time to time and
interacting with the Company’s key stakeholders on behalf of the Company and will continue to receive an annual
fixed consulting fee of US$100,000 (subject to review and adjustments by the Board of Directors from time to time)
and such additional compensation, which, if any, shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, subject
to compliance with the requirements of the applicable stock exchange listing rules. The 2024 Consulting Agreement
is effective from January 1, 2024 and will expire on December 31, 2026. The Company may terminate the 2024
Consulting Agreement upon 30 days’ prior notice to Dr. Wang, provided that Dr. Wang will be entitled to payment
for services performed prior to such date.


Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2024 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE


Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transaction” and Note 26 to the consolidated financial
statements contained in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31,
2024.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           179
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PERMITTED INDEMNITY


Pursuant to our Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of
their duty in their offices, other than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force during the year ended December 31, 2024. The Company has
taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts” in this annual report, no contract
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2024.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES


Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2024 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS


During the year ended December 31, 2024, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the HK Listing Rules.




180    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS


As of December 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the ordinary shares (“Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which were required (a) to be
notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                     Number of           percentage
Name of Director                Nature of interest                                         Shares        of holding(1)


John V. Oyler                   Beneficial owner                                    28,433,383(2)             2.05%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust            9,545,000(3)             0.69%
                                Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child           102,188    (4)
                                                                                                              0.01%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust            7,727,927    (5)
                                                                                                              0.56%
                                Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust           28,204,115(6)             2.04%
                                Settlor of a trust                                     510,941    (7)
                                                                                                              0.04%
                                Interest of a minor child                              481,533(8)             0.03%
                                Other                                                1,274,117    (9)
                                                                                                              0.09%
Xiaodong Wang                   Beneficial owner                                    14,276,631   (10)
                                                                                                              1.03%
                                Interest in controlled corporation                   4,058,998(11)            0.29%
                                Other                                                1,025,063   (12)
                                                                                                              0.07%
                                Interest of spouse                                           50  (13)
                                                                                                         0.000004%
Olivier Brandicourt             Beneficial owner                                        78,286(14)            0.01%
Margaret Han Dugan              Beneficial owner                                       164,307   (15)
                                                                                                              0.01%
Michael Goller                  Person having a security interest in shares            503,724(16)            0.04%
Anthony C. Hooper               Beneficial owner                                       234,377   (17)
                                                                                                              0.02%
Ranjeev Krishana                Person having a security interest in shares            503,724   (18)
                                                                                                              0.04%
Alessandro Riva                 Beneficial owner                                       164,307(19)            0.01%
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders     Beneficial owner                                       186,992   (20)
                                                                                                              0.01%
Sharp Shalini                   Beneficial owner                                        25,389   (21)
                                                                                                             0.002%
Qingqing Yi                     Beneficial owner                                       486,642(22)            0.04%




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT        181
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 1,384,840,687 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2024, which excluded
       2,527,017 ordinary shares issued to the Company’s depositary in exchange for a corresponding amount of ADSs for the
       purposes of ensuring that it has ADSs readily available to satisfy the vesting of restricted share units and the exercise of
       share options from time to time.


(2)    Includes (1) 2,017,987 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 24,473,622 Shares pursuant
       to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 960,846 Shares, subject to vesting conditions; and (4) Mr. Oyler’s
       entitlement to performance share units equivalent to 980,928 Shares at maximum, subject to achievement of the target
       based on performance.


(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.


(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ’s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(8)    These Shares are held by a trust, the beneficiaries of which include Mr. Oyler’s minor child and others, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(9)    These Shares are held by a private foundation of which Mr. Oyler and the other(s) serve as directors, in which Mr. Oyler is
       deemed to be interested for the purpose of the SFO.


(10)   Includes (1) 5,015,703 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 9,035,749 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 225,179 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(11)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.


(12)   These Shares are held by a family trust which Dr. Wang’s family members are beneficiaries, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to
       be interested for the purpose of the SFO.




182      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(13)   These Shares are held by Dr. Wang’s spouse, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(14)   Includes (1) Mr. Brandicourt’s entitlement to receive up to 61,945 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (2) Mr. Brandicourt’s entitlement to restricted
       share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(15)   Includes (1) 29,614 Shares held by Dr. Dugan; (2) Dr. Dugan’s entitlement to receive up to 118,352 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Dr.
       Dugan’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(16)   Includes (1) 46,696 Shares held by Mr. Goller; (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 440,687 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Goller’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(17)   Includes (1) 24,492 Shares held by Mr. Hooper; (2) Mr. Hooper’s entitlement to receive up to 180,622 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Mr.
       Hooper’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 29,263 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(18)   Includes (1) 46,696 Shares held by Mr. Krishana; (2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 440,687 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr.
       Krishana’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(19)   Includes (1) 29,614 Shares held by Dr. Riva; (2) Dr. Riva’s entitlement to receive up to 118,352 Shares pursuant to the
       exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Dr.
       Riva’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(20)   Includes (1) 29,900 Shares held by Dr. Sanders; (2) Dr. Sanders’ entitlement to receive up to 140,751 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (3) Dr.
       Sanders’ entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(21)   Includes (1) Ms. Sharp’s entitlement to receive up to 17,238 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (2) Ms. Sharp’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 8,151 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(22)   Includes (1) 29,614 Shares held by Mr. Yi; (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 440,687 Shares pursuant to the exercise
       of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options; and (3) Mr. Yi’s
       entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 16,341 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2024, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to
the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT             183
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of December 31, 2024, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                     Number
                                                                                                  of Shares/       Approximate
                                                                                                  underlying        percentage
Name of Shareholder                    Capacity/Nature of interest                                    shares        of holding(1)


Amgen Inc.                             Beneficial owner                                         246,269,426               17.78%
Julian C. Baker(2)                     Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled                  125,377,594                9.05%
                                          corporations/Person having a security
                                          interest in shares
Felix J. Baker(2)                      Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled                  125,377,594                9.05%
                                          corporations/Person having a security
                                          interest in shares
Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC(2)       Investment manager/Other                                 124,921,934                9.02%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)             Investment manager/Other                                 124,921,934                9.02%
Baker Brothers Life                    Interest in controlled corporations/Other                114,632,504                8.28%
  Sciences Capital, L.P.(2)
HHLR Advisors, Ltd.(3)                 Investment manager                                       111,597,423                8.06%
HHLR Fund, L.P.(3)                     Beneficial owner                                         111,597,423                8.06%
The Capital Group                      Interest in controlled corporations                       96,385,891                6.96%
  Companies, Inc.(4)
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(5)                Interest in controlled corporations                       24,061,567                1.74%
                                                                                               21,150,519(S)            1.53%(S)
                                       Investment manager                                          3,373,418               0.24%
                                       Person having a security interest in shares                   126,520               0.01%
                                       Trustee                                                         4,758            0.0003%
                                       Approved lending agent                                   106,282,419                7.67%

Notes:

Unless otherwise specified, the above Shares are long position. (S) denotes short position.

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 1,384,840,687 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2024, which excluded
      2,527,017 ordinary shares issued to the Company’s depositary in exchange for a corresponding amount of ADSs for the
      purposes of ensuring that it has ADSs readily available to satisfy the vesting of restricted share units and the exercise of
      share options from time to time.

(2)   Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
      LLC is the general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP (“BBA”). BBA is the manager for securities held by 667, L.P. and
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P.. Also, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is the general partner of Baker Brothers
      Life Sciences, L.P. (the “Funds”). Unlisted derivatives include stock options and restricted stock received as compensation
      by two BBA employees (Michael Goller and Ranjeev Krishana) for their service on the Board of Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.
      and are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


184      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      According to the corporate substantial shareholder notice for the date of relevant event of December 9, 2024 submitted by
      Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P., Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC, Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker, respectively,
      to HKEx on December 11, 2024, 113,625,056 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. directly. For the purposes
      of the SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker, Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC and BBA are deemed to be interested in the
      10,289,430 Shares held by 667, L.P. and the 113,625,056 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996
      Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest. In addition, for
      the purposes of the SFO, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 113,625,056 Shares
      held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P., and 723,996 Shares which unlisted derivatives are controlled by BBA, with the
      Funds entitled to the pecuniary interest.


      Outside the Funds, Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker further interest in (in the form of ADSs) 270,868 Shares personally and
      144,517 Shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.


(3)   (i) 111,597,423 Shares are held by HHLR Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P.; and (ii) 13,447,603 Shares are held by
      Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. HHLR Advisors, Ltd. acts as the sole general partner of YHG Investment, L.P. and the
      sole management company of HHLR Fund, L.P.. Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is the sole management company
      of Hillhouse Fund II, L.P., which owns Hiihouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the SFO, HHLR Advisors, Ltd. is deemed
      to be interested in the 111,597,423 Shares held by HHLR Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P. and Hillhouse Capital
      Management, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the
      SFO, Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 13,447,603 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited.


(4)   (i) 7,311,624 Shares are held by Capital International, Inc.; (ii) 1,052,088 Shares held by Capital International Limited;
      (iii) 2,096,140 Shares are held by Capital International Sarl; (iv) 83,338,123 Shares are held by Capital Research and
      Management Company; (v) 227,090 Shares are held by Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited; and (vi)
      2,360,826 Shares are held by Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Group International, Inc. is wholly owned by Capital Research and Management Company. Capital International,
      Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited and
      Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. are wholly owned by Capital Group International, Inc. Capital Bank and Trust
      Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. For the purposes of the SFO, Capital Research and
      Management Company and Capital Group International, Inc. are deemed to be interested in the 13,047,768 Shares held by
      Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital Group Investment Management
      Private Limited, and Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc..


      Capital Research and Management Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies Inc. For the purposes of
      the SFO, The Capital Group Companies Inc. is deemed to be interested in the 96,385,891 Shares held by Capital Research
      and Management Company directly and indirectly.


(5)   According to the shareholding disclosures notice regarding the relevant event dated December 11, 2024 submitted by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. to HKEx, an aggregated 133,848,682 Shares (long position), 21,150,519 Shares (short position)
      and 106,282,419 Shares (lending pool) of the Company are held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. indirectly through its certain
      subsidiaries. Among them, 523,996 Shares (long position) and 1,035,265 Shares (short position) are cash settled unlisted
      derivatives.


Except as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2024, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT             185
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE SCHEMES


The Company currently has three existing share schemes, namely the 2011 Plan, the Amended 2016 Plan and the
Amended 2018 ESPP. For a summary of the key terms of the 2011 Plan, the 2016 Plan (prior to its amendment on
June 5, 2024) and the 2018 ESPP (prior to its amendment on June 5, 2024), please refer to the annual report of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2023.


Amendment of Share Schemes during the Reporting Period


The Company amended the 2016 Plan and the 2018 ESPP as the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option
and Incentive Plan (the “Amended 2016 Plan”) and the Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share
Purchase Plan (the “Amended 2018 ESPP”), respectively, at the 2024 annual general meeting held on June 5, 2024
to comply with Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules. For a summary of the key terms of the Amended 2016 Plan and
the Amended 2018 ESPP, please refer to the circular of the Company dated April 26, 2024 and the below sections.


Scheme Mandate Limit and Consultant Sublimit


With effect from June 5, 2024, the scheme mandate limit comprised (i) 92,820,000 Shares added in the Amended
2016 Plan to be reserved and available for issuance for equity awards yet to be granted under the Amended 2016
Plan; (ii) 35,169,094 Shares reserved and available for issuance for equity awards yet to be granted under the
Amended 2016 Plan; (iii) 5,070,000 Shares added in the Amended 2018 ESPP to be available for issuance pursuant
to options to be granted under the Amended 2018 ESPP; and (iv) 919,678 Shares available for issuance pursuant
to options to be granted under the Amended 2018 ESPP. After grants made during the period from June 5, 2024 to
December 31, 2024, 88,017,857 Shares were available for grant under the scheme mandate limit as at December
31, 2024.


Within the scheme mandate limit, the maximum number of Shares underlying awards granted to consultants may
not exceed 20,409,697 Shares. No consultant sublimit was set under the 2016 Plan or the 2018 ESPP prior to their
amendment and restatement as the Amended 2016 Plan and Amended 2018 ESPP. During the period from June 5,
2024 to December 31, 2024, 8,437 Shares were granted to one consultant. It follows that as at December 31, 2024,
20,401,260 Shares were available for grant under the consultant sublimit.


Further details regarding the movements during the Reporting Period (including during the period from June 5, 2024
to December 31, 2024) under each share scheme are set out below.




186    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


58,873,893 new Shares, representing approximately 4.25% of the weighted average number of Shares for the
Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible
participants pursuant to all of the share schemes. For avoidance of doubt, the aforementioned figures have
not taken into account the Shares to be purchased under the 2018 ESPP pursuant to the offering period from
September 3, 2024 to February 28, 2025, as the relevant number of Shares cannot be determined until the end of
the offering period (i.e. February 28, 2025).


1.   2011 Option Plan


     The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015
     and the Board determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when
     the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan became effective.


     Purpose

     The purpose of the 2011 Plan is to enable persons providing (or expected to provide) services to the Company
     to acquire ordinary shares in the Company. Anyone having or expected to have a service relationship with
     the Company (including prospective employees or others, conditional upon their subsequent employment or
     service relationship) shall be eligible to receive Options under this Plan.


     Eligible Participants

     The Board or committee has full power to select the individuals to whom awards will be granted.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant and Issue

     The overall limit on the number of underlying Shares pursuant to the 2011 Plan is 43,560,432 Shares. Given
     that no further options have been or would be granted after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Share Option
     and Incentive Plan became effective, the outstanding number of options would be equivalent to the number
     of Shares available for issue under the 2011 Plan. As at January 1, 2024, 1,427,686 Shares were available for
     issue under the 2011 Plan. 1,186,666 new Shares were issued during the Reporting Period pursuant to the
     2011 Plan. It follows that, as at December 31, 2024 and as at April 18, 2025, 240,943 new Shares and 77,376
     new Shares (representing approximately 0.1% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 18,
     2025) were available for issue under the 2011 Plan, respectively.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT   187
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

      Under the 2011 Plan, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of options which may be granted to a
      single eligible participant under the 2011 Plan.


      Exercise Period

      The Board or committee may fix the term of each option, up to a maximum of 10 years from the grant date,
      and determine at what time or times each option may be exercised when granting an option.


      Vesting Period

      The Board or committee may determine the vesting period of each option.


      Exercise Price

      The option exercise price of each option granted under the 2011 Plan is determined by the Board or board
      committee and may not be less than the fair market value of an ordinary share on the date of grant or the par
      value of the shares issuable thereunder. The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is
      between US$0.01 and US$1.85 per Share.


      Remaining Life of the 2011 Plan

      The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the 2011 Plan and the Board determined not to grant any
      further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
      became effective.


      Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018 (the
      “Prospectus”).




188    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Outstanding Options under the 2011 Plan

           As of December 31, 2024, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
           Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
           days inclusive). Details of the movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2024 to
           December 31, 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                                   Outstanding    Exercised      Cancelled                    Outstanding
                                                                                                         as at    during the        during   Lapsed during          as at
                                                                                        Exercise    January 1,    Reporting the Reporting    the Reporting   December 31,
Name of grantee     Role                Date of grant         Exercise period              price         2024        Period         Period          Period          2024


                    Directors of the Company


Xiaodong Wang       Non-executive       June 29, 2015(1)      10 years from the         US$0.50       500,000      499,993(8)            –                             7
                      Director                                  date of grant
Thomas Malley*      Former              January 25, 2016(2)   10 years from the         US$1.85       552,752      552,747(4)            –               5              –
                      Independent                               date of grant   (6)


                      Non-executive
                      Director


                    Senior Management of the Company


Lai Wang            Global Head of R&D June 29, 2015(3)       10 years from the         US$0.50            11              –             –                            11
                                                                date of grant


                    Other grantees


In aggregate        Employees           Between May 20,       10 years from the         Between       327,621      130,143(5)            –              67        197,411
                                          2011 and January      date of grant           US$0.01
                                          31, 2016(3)                                 to US$1.85
In aggregate        Service providers   Between May 20,       10 years from the         Between         47,302       3,783(7)            –               5         43,514
                                          2011 and January      date of grant           US$0.01
                                          31, 2016(3)                                 to US$1.85


Total                                                                                                1,427,686    1,186,666              –              77        240,943


           Notes:


           *      Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
                  an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.




                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.           •       2024     ANNUAL REPORT                   189
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (1)   20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
            exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
            following the vest of the initial 20%.


      (2)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


      (3)   20%/25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80%/75%
            become exercisable in 48/36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of
            each month following the vest of the initial 20%/25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon
            change in control and/or termination.


      (4)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised ranged from US$12.39 to US$13.08.


      (5)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the date which the options were exercised was ranged from US$10.91 to US$15.90. The exercise price of the
            exercised options was ranged from US$0.30 to US$1.85.


      (6)   In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
            January 22, 2024 and the consulting agreement between Mr. Thomas Malley and the Company dated January 23,
            2024, the exercise period of the vested options shall be six months after January 22, 2024.


      (7)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately
            prior to the date which the options were exercised was US$10.97. The exercise price of the exercised options was
            US$0.01.


      (8)   The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately
            prior to the date which the options were exercised was US$14.62. The exercise price of the exercised options was
            US$0.50.


2.    Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (amended as the Third
      Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan on June 5, 2024)


      Further details of the Amended 2016 Plan are set out below and in Note 18 to the consolidated financial
      statements.


      Purpose

      The purpose of the Amended 2016 Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, non-employee
      Directors and consultants of the Group upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely
      depends for the successful conduct of its businesses to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. It is
      anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification
      of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the
      Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company.




190     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Eligible Participants

General Eligibility


Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and consultants of the Group as selected
from time to time by the administrator are eligible to participate in the Amended 2016 Plan.


Consultant Eligibility


To be grantees under the Amended 2016 Plan, consultants must be persons who provide services to the
Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business (including but not limited
to services in research, development, manufacturing, commercial, medical affairs, business development,
strategy and operations) which are in the interests of the long-term growth of the Group. For the avoidance
of doubt, consultants exclude placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fundraising,
mergers or acquisitions for the Group, and also exclude professional service providers such as auditors or
valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and objectivity for the
Group.


To determine if a grantee is eligible to be a consultant, the administrator shall consider (i) the length (being
the period of engagement or service), recurrences and regularity of such services; (ii) the type of services
provided (such as services in research, development, manufacturing, commercial, medical affairs, business
development, strategy and operations); (iii) the expertise, professional qualifications and industry experience
of the Consultant; (iv) the quality of such services; (v) whether such services form part of or are directly
ancillary to the businesses conducted by the Group; (vi) the remuneration packages of comparable listed
peers for similar service providers based on available information in the industry; and (vii) the prevailing market
fees chargeable by other services.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

As at January 1, 2024, 37,575,472 Shares were available for grant under the 2016 Plan. During the period
from January 1, 2024 to June 4, 2024, awards representing 4,732,637 underlying Shares were granted to
eligible participants pursuant to the 2016 Plan. On June 5, 2024, the 2016 Plan was amended and restated
as the Amended 2016 Plan and a new scheme mandate limit and consultant sublimit, details of which are set
out in the section headed “Scheme Mandate Limit and Consultant Sublimit” above, was adopted. During the
period from June 5, 2024 to December 31, 2024, awards representing 54,141,256 underlying Shares were
granted under the Amended 2016 Plan, of which 8,437 underlying Shares were granted to one consultant.
It follows that, as at December 31, 2024 and April 18, 2025, 83,064,175 and 84,979,829 Shares (including
20,401,260 and 20,401,260 Shares under the consultant sublimit respectively) were available for grant under
the Amended 2016 Plan, respectively.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          191
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

      As at January 1, 2024, 165,493,255 new Shares were available for issue under the 2016 Plan. During the
      period from January 1, 2024 to June 4, 2024, 4,282,889 new Shares were issued pursuant to the 2016 Plan.
      On June 5, 2024, the 2016 Plan was amended and restated as the Amended 2016 Plan and a new scheme
      mandate limit and consultant sublimit, details of which are set out in the section headed “Scheme Mandate
      Limit and Consultant Sublimit” above, was adopted. During the period from June 5, 2024 to December
      31, 2024, 20,751,666 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Amended 2016 Plan. It follows that, as at
      December 31, 2024 and April 18, 2025, 233,278,768 new Shares and 225,542,962 new Shares (representing
      approximately 16.07% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 18, 2025) were available for
      issue under the Amended 2016 Plan, respectively.


      Maximum Entitlement of Each Grantee

      There is no specific maximum entitlement for each grantee under the Amended 2016 Plan. Unless approved
      by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon the
      exercise of share options or other awards granted and to be granted under the Amended 2016 Plan and any
      other equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
      in issue at the date of any grant.


      Exercise Period

      The administrator may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share option must
      be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share option can be
      exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of the administrator such other terms either on
      a case by case basis or generally.


      The term of each share option shall be fixed by the administrator, but no share option shall be exercisable
      more than ten years after the date the share option is granted. Any share option granted but not exercised by
      the end of its option term will automatically lapse.




192    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Vesting Period

In respect of RSUs and PSUs, the administrator may determine the conditions and restrictions of grant, which
may include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment or service with us
through a specified vesting period.


The administrator shall have the power and authority to determine the vesting period of any award, which
shall not be less than 12 months, except that any award granted to employees and non-employee Directors
may be subject to a shorter vesting period, including:


(1)   grants of a “make whole” award to a new employee or a non-employee Director to replace awards or
      options such employee or non-employee Director forfeited when leaving his/her previous employer;


(2)   grants of an award to an employee or a non-employee Director whose employment or appointment is
      terminated due to death or disability or occurrence of any out of control event;


(3)   initial or annual grants of an award to a non-employee Director, the vesting of which shall occur at
      the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual general meeting of
      shareholders;


(4)   grants of an award which is subject to the fulfilment of performance targets as determined in the
      conditions of the grant;


(5)   grants of an award, the timing of which is determined by administrative or compliance requirements
      not connected with the performance of the relevant employee or non-employee Director, in which case
      the vesting period may be shorter to take account of the time from which the award would have been
      granted if not for such administrative or compliance requirements;


(6)   grants of an award with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule; or


(7)   grants of an award with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT       193
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Exercise Price

      The exercise price of any share option grants under the Amended 2016 Plan shall be determined by the
      administrator at the time of grant but shall not be less than the higher of (x) the fair market value of our
      ordinary shares on the close of business on the date such option is granted, based on the closing price of our
      ADSs on the NASDAQ, and (y) the average closing price of our ordinary shares over the preceding five trading
      days, based on the closing price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ.


      Consideration

      No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options, RSUs and PSUs under the
      Amended 2016 Plan.


      Expiration of the Amended 2016 Plan

      The Amended 2016 Plan will expire on April 13, 2030. The remaining life of the Amended 2016 Plan is
      approximately 5 years.


      Movements of the Options under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan

      As of December 31, 2024, the Company had conditionally granted options to 1,204 participants under the
      2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan. All of the options under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan
      were granted between February 8, 2016 and December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive). The exercise price of
      all the options granted under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan is between US$0.5 and US$28.81
      per Share.




194    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


         As of January 1, 2024, 61,516,760 Shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016 Plan,
         and as of December 31, 2024, 64,383,926 Shares were outstanding under the Amended 2016 Plan. Details of
         the movements of the options granted during the Reporting Period were as follows:


                                                                                                                                                      Number of options
                                                                                         Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                            Price on     day prior    Exercise         as at during the during the during the during the           as at
                                   Date of                                  day prior to exercise      (Grant)    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting           December
Name of grantee Role               grant                Exercise period     to grant
                                                                                   (1)
                                                                                            date(2)
                                                                                                         price         2024        Period    Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


                Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler   Executive Director, November 10 years from the              US$2.79           N/A     US$2.84      2,047,500            –         –             –          –   2,047,500
                  Chairman and       16, 2016     (3)
                                                          date of grant
                Chief Executive    September 10 years from the              US$6.73           N/A     US$7.70       935,000             –         –             –          –    935,000
                  Officer            27, 2017     (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   April 30,            10 years from the US$13.37            N/A US$13.04          996,810             –         –             –          –    996,810
                                     2018(3)              date of grant
                                   June 26,             10 years from the US$12.70            N/A US$12.34         1,310,088            –         –             –          –   1,310,088
                                     2018   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 5,              10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23      2,193,282            –         –             –          –   2,193,282
                                     2019   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 17,             10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42         1,821,976            –         –             –          –   1,821,976
                                     2020   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 16,             10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$26.53          906,906             –         –             –          –    906,906
                                     2021(3)              date of grant
                                   June 22,             10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98         1,887,678            –         –             –          –   1,887,678
                                     2022   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 15,             10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41         1,349,907            –         –             –          –   1,349,907
                                     2023   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 5,              10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –    923,975            –             –          –    923,975
                                     2024   (3)
                                                          date of grant
Xiaodong Wang Non-executive        November 10 years from the               US$2.79           N/A     US$2.84      1,613,430            –         –             –          –   1,613,430
                  Director           16, 2016(3)          date of grant
                                   September 10 years from the              US$6.73           N/A     US$7.70       750,000             –         –             –          –    750,000
                                     27, 2017     (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 26,             10 years from the US$12.70            N/A US$12.34          655,044             –         –             –          –    655,044
                                     2018   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 5,              10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23       747,708             –         –             –          –    747,708
                                     2019   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                   June 17,             10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42          560,599             –         –             –          –    560,599
                                     2020(3)              date of grant
                                   June 16,             10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$26.53          241,839             –         –             –          –    241,839
                                     2021   (3)
                                                          date of grant



                                                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                     195
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                         Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                            Price on     day prior    Exercise         as at during the during the during the during the         as at
                                        Date of                             day prior to exercise      (Grant)    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting         December
Name of grantee Role                    grant           Exercise period     to grant
                                                                                   (1)
                                                                                            date(2)
                                                                                                         price         2024     Period     Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


                                        June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98          471,913          –          –             –          –    471,913
                                          2022(3)         date of grant
                                        June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41          327,249          –          –             –          –    327,249
                                          2023   (3)
                                                          date of grant
                                        June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –    410,657          –             –          –    410,657
                                          2024   (3)
                                                          date of grant
Anthony C.       Independent Non- March 3,              10 years from the US$12.62            N/A US$12.22           21,970          –          –             –          –     21,970
  Hooper           executive Director 2020(5)             date of grant
                                        June 17,        10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42           45,383          –          –             –          –     45,383
                                          2020(5)         date of grant
                                        June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$26.53           17,498          –          –             –          –     17,498
                                          2021   (5)
                                                          date of grant
                                        June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98           34,645          –          –             –          –     34,645
                                          2022   (5)
                                                          date of grant
                                        June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41           26,975          –          –             –          –     26,975
                                          2023(5)         date of grant
                                        June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –     34,151          –             –          –     34,151
                                          2024(5)         date of grant
Olivier          Independent Non- February 29, 10 years from the US$13.73                     N/A US$12.74                –     27,794          –             –          –     27,794
  Brandicourt      executive Director 2024       (5)
                                                          date of grant
                                        June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –     34,151          –             –          –     34,151
                                          2024   (5)
                                                          date of grant
Margaret Han     Independent Non- February 28, 10 years from the US$16.47                     N/A US$16.22           22,581          –          –             –          –     22,581
  Dugan            executive Director 2022(5)             date of grant
                                        June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98           34,645          –          –             –          –     34,645
                                          2022(5)         date of grant
                                        June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41           26,975          –          –             –          –     26,975
                                          2023   (5)
                                                          date of grant
                                        June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –     34,151          –             –          –     34,151
                                          2024   (5)
                                                          date of grant
Donald W. Glazer* Former                April 19,       10 years from the   US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83       199,992          –          –             –          –    199,992
                   Independent Non- 2017(4)               date of grant
                   executive Director
                                        June 6,         10 years from the US$15.73            N/A US$16.15           17,442          –          –             –          –     17,442
                                          2018   (5)
                                                          date of grant
                                        June 5,         10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23        64,610          –          –             –          –     64,610
                                          2019(5)         date of grant




196          BEIGENE, LTD.                  •          2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                   Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                      Price on     day prior    Exercise         as at during the during the during the during the           as at
                                   Date of                            day prior to exercise      (Grant)    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting           December
Name of grantee Role               grant          Exercise period     to grant
                                                                             (1)
                                                                                      date(2)
                                                                                                   price         2024        Period    Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


                                   June 17,       10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42           45,383             –         –             –          –     45,383
                                     2020(5)        date of grant
                                   June 16,       10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$25.63           17,498             –         –             –          –     17,498
                                     2021   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 22,       10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98           34,645             –         –             –          –     34,645
                                     2022   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 15,       10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41           26,975             –         –             –          –     26,975
                                     2023(5)        date of grant
                                   June 5,        10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –        34,151         –             –          –     34,151
                                      2024(5)       date of grant
Michael Goller   Independent Non- April 19,       10 years from the   US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83       199,992             –         –             –          –    199,992
                  executive Director 2017   (4)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 6,        10 years from the US$15.73            N/A US$16.15           17,442             –         –             –          –     17,442
                                     2018   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 5,        10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23        64,610             –         –             –          –     64,610
                                     2019(5)        date of grant
                                   June 17,       10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42           45,383             –         –             –          –     45,383
                                     2020(5)        date of grant
                                   June 16,       10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$25.63           17,498             –         –             –          –     17,498
                                     2021   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 22,       10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98           34,645             –         –             –          –     34,645
                                     2022   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 15,       10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41           26,975             –         –             –          –     26,975
                                     2023(5)        date of grant
                                   June 5,        10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –        34,151         –             –          –     34,151
                                     2024(5)        date of grant
Ranjeev Krishana Independent Non- April 19,       10 years from the   US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83       199,992             –         –             –          –    199,992
                  executive Director 2017   (4)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 6,        10 years from the US$15.73            N/A US$16.15           17,442             –         –             –          –     17,442
                                     2018   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 5,        10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23        64,610             –         –             –          –     64,610
                                     2019(5)        date of grant
                                   June 17,       10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42           45,383             –         –             –          –     45,383
                                     2020(5)        date of grant
                                   June 16,       10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$25.63           17,498             –         –             –          –     17,498
                                     2021   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                                   June 22,       10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98           34,645             –         –             –          –     34,645
                                     2022   (5)
                                                    date of grant


                                                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                     197
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                            Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                               Price on     day prior    Exercise         as at during the during the during the during the         as at
                                      Date of                                  day prior to exercise      (Grant)    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting         December
Name of grantee Role                  grant           Exercise period          to grant
                                                                                      (1)
                                                                                               date(2)
                                                                                                            price         2024     Period     Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


                                      June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41           26,975          –          –             –          –     26,975
                                        2023(5)         date of grant
                                      June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93                 N/A US$12.23                –     34,151          –             –          –     34,151
                                        2024   (5)
                                                        date of grant
Thomas Malley** Former                June 2,         10 years from the        US$2.94 US$13.08          US$3.15       169,988          –    169,988             –          –          –
                 Independent Non- 2017         (5)
                                                        date of grant   (10)


                 executive Director
                                      June 6,         10 years from the US$15.73                 N/A US$16.15           17,442          –          –             –          –     17,442
                                        2018   (5)
                                                        date of grant   (10)


                                      June 5,         10 years from the        US$9.25 US$13.09          US$9.23        64,610          –     64,610             –          –          –
                                        2019   (5)
                                                        date of grant   (10)


                                      June 17,        10 years from the US$13.33                 N/A US$13.42           45,383          –          –             –          –     45,383
                                        2020(5)         date of grant(10)
                                      June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54                 N/A US$25.63           17,498          –          –             –          –     17,498
                                        2021   (5)
                                                        date of grant   (10)


                                      June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74                 N/A US$11.98           34,645          –          –             –          –     34,645
                                        2022   (5)
                                                        date of grant   (10)


                                      June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41           26,975          –          –             –          –     26,975
                                        2023   (5)
                                                        date of grant   (10)


Corazon D.      Independent Non- August 24, 10 years from the US$18.50                           N/A US$18.26           27,482          –          –             –          –     27,482
 Sanders         executive Director 2020(5)             date of grant
                                      June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54                 N/A US$25.63           17,498          –          –             –          –     17,498
                                        2021   (5)
                                                        date of grant
                                      June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74                 N/A US$11.98           34,645          –          –             –          –     34,645
                                        2022   (5)
                                                        date of grant
                                      June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41           26,975          –          –             –          –     26,975
                                        2023   (5)
                                                        date of grant
                                      June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93                 N/A US$12.23                –     34,151          –             –          –     34,151
                                        2024(5)         date of grant
Alessandro Riva Independent Non- February 28, 10 years from the US$16.47                         N/A US$16.22           22,581          –          –             –          –     22,581
                 executive Director 2022       (5)
                                                        date of grant
                                      June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74                 N/A US$11.98           34,645          –          –             –          –     34,645
                                        2022   (5)
                                                        date of grant
                                      June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41           26,975          –          –             –          –     26,975
                                        2023   (5)
                                                        date of grant
                                      June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93                 N/A US$12.23                –     34,151          –             –          –     34,151
                                        2024(5)         date of grant




198          BEIGENE, LTD.                •          2024        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                      Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                         Price on     day prior    Exercise         as at during the during the during the during the           as at
                                      Date of                            day prior to exercise      (Grant)    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting           December
Name of grantee Role                  grant          Exercise period     to grant
                                                                                (1)
                                                                                         date(2)
                                                                                                      price         2024        Period    Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


Shalini Sharp   Independent Non- September 10 years from the US$16.80                      N/A US$17.27                –        17,238         –             –          –     17,238
                  executive Director 30, 2024(5)       date of grant
Qingqing Yi     Independent Non- April 19,           10 years from the   US$2.84           N/A     US$2.83       199,992             –         –             –          –    199,992
                  executive Director 2017      (4)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 6,        10 years from the US$15.73            N/A US$16.15           17,442             –         –             –          –     17,442
                                        2018   (5)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 5,        10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23        64,610             –         –             –          –     64,610
                                        2019(5)        date of grant
                                      June 17,       10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42           45,383             –         –             –          –     45,383
                                        2020(5)        date of grant
                                      June 16,       10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$25.63           17,498             –         –             –          –     17,498
                                        2021   (5)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 22,       10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98           34,645             –         –             –          –     34,645
                                        2022   (5)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 15,       10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41           26,975             –         –             –          –     26,975
                                        2023(5)        date of grant
                                      June 5,        10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –        34,151         –             –          –     34,151
                                        2024(5)        date of grant


                Senior Management of the Company                                                                                                                        –


Xiaobin Wu      President, Chief      April 30,      10 years from the US$13.37            N/A US$13.04          766,599             –         –             –          –    766,599
                  Operating Officer     2018   (6)
                                                       date of grant
                  and General
                  Manager of China
                                      June 5,        10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23       797,550             –         –             –          –    797,550
                                        2019   (3)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 17,       10 years from the US$13.42            N/A US$13.33          756,821             –         –             –          –    756,821
                                        2020(3)        date of grant
                                      June 16,       10 years from the US$25.54            N/A US$25.63          483,678             –         –             –          –    483,678
                                        2021   (3)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 22,       10 years from the US$11.74            N/A US$11.98         1,061,814            –         –             –          –   1,061,814
                                        2022   (3)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 15,       10 years from the US$16.01            N/A US$16.41          760,851             –         –             –          –    760,851
                                        2023   (3)
                                                       date of grant
                                      June 5,        10 years from the US$11.93            N/A US$12.23                –    477,386            –             –          –    477,386
                                        2024(3)        date of grant




                                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                     199
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                                             Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                Price on     day prior    Exercise         as at during the during the during the during the         as at
                                       Date of                                  day prior to exercise      (Grant)    January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting         December
Name of grantee Role                   grant           Exercise period          to grant
                                                                                       (1)
                                                                                                date(2)
                                                                                                             price         2024     Period     Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


Julia Wang***    Former Chief          June 30,        10 years from the US$14.55                 N/A US$14.66          104,754          –          –             –          –    104,754
                   Financial Officer     2020(3)         date of grant(11)
                                       June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54                 N/A US$26.53          177,853          –          –             –          –    177,853
                                         2021   (3)
                                                         date of grant   (11)


                                       June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74                 N/A US$11.98          589,888          –          –        49,296          –    540,592
                                         2022   (3)
                                                         date of grant   (11)


                                       June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41          409,058          –          –      136,500           –    272,558
                                         2023(3)         date of grant(11)
                                       June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93                 N/A US$12.23                –    256,659          –      256,659           –          –
                                         2024(3)         date of grant(11)
Aaron Rosenberg Chief Financial        August 9,       10 years from the US$14.08                 N/A US$14.06                –    220,987          –             –          –    220,987
                   Officer               2024   (3)
                                                         date of grant
Lai Wang         Global Head           June 26,        10 years from the US$12.70                 N/A US$12.34          364,208          –          –             –          –    364,208
                   of R&D                2018   (3)
                                                         date of grant
                                       June 5,         10 years from the        US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23       558,285          –          –             –          –    558,285
                                         2019(3)         date of grant
                                       June 17,        10 years from the US$13.33                 N/A US$13.42          525,564          –          –             –          –    525,564
                                         2020(3)         date of grant
                                       June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54                 N/A US$26.53          332,527          –          –             –          –    332,527
                                         2021   (3)
                                                         date of grant
                                       June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74                 N/A US$11.98          707,876          –          –             –          –    707,876
                                         2022   (3)
                                                         date of grant
                                       June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41          507,234          –          –             –          –    507,234
                                         2023(3)         date of grant
                                       June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93                 N/A US$12.23                –    318,253          –             –          –    318,253
                                         2024(3)         date of grant
Chan Lee         SVP, General          August 5,       10 years from the        US$2.26           N/A     US$2.27       188,929          –          –             –          –    188,929
                   Counsel               2022   (3)
                                                         date of grant
                                       June 15,        10 years from the US$16.01                 N/A US$16.41          248,950          –          –             –          –    248,950
                                         2023   (3)
                                                         date of grant
                                       June 5,         10 years from the US$11.93                 N/A US$12.23                –    184,795          –             –          –    184,795
                                         2024(3)         date of grant




200         BEIGENE, LTD.                  •          2024        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                    Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                       Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the           as of
                                   Date of                             day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting            December
Name of grantee Role               grant           Exercise period     to grant
                                                                              (1)
                                                                                       date(2)
                                                                                                    price       1, 2024       Period    Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


In Aggregate    Service Provider   July 13,        10 years from the   US$2.27           N/A     US$2.29       200,000             –         –             –               200,000
                                     2016(3)         date of grant
                                   February 29, 10 years from the US$13.73               N/A US$12.74                –        16,380         –             –                16,380
                                     2024   (12)
                                                     date of grant
In Aggregate    Employees          July 13,        10 years from the   US$2.27 US$15.49          US$2.29      2,754,293            –   616,642             –          7   2,137,644
                                     2016   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   July 22,        10 years from the   US$2.13 US$15.12          US$2.10        68,827             –    49,218             –         12     19,597
                                     2016(3)         date of grant
                                   July 22,        10 years from the   US$2.13 US$14.98          US$2.10       732,232             –   114,140             –         27    618,065
                                     2016(6)         date of grant
                                   July 29,        10 years from the   US$2.11           N/A     US$2.02             3             –         –            3           –          –
                                     2016   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   October 12, 10 years from the       US$2.48           N/A     US$2.42             6             –         –             –                     6
                                     2016   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   October 17, 10 years from the       US$2.42 US$12.06          US$2.55        56,212             –    56,212             –                     –
                                     2016(3)         date of grant
                                   November 30, 10 years from the      US$2.43           N/A     US$2.44         1,274             –         –             –                 1,274
                                     2016(3)         date of grant
                                   December 9, 10 years from the       US$2.07           N/A     US$2.09        34,099             –         –             –                34,099
                                     2016   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   January 3,      10 years from the   US$2.34           N/A     US$2.39         7,800             –         –             –                 7,800
                                     2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   January 17, 10 years from the       US$2.51 US$14.88          US$2.53        35,763             –    27,521             –          –      8,242
                                     2017(6)         date of grant
                                   February 1, 10 years from the       US$2.68           N/A     US$2.77       144,989             –         –             –               144,989
                                     2017(3)         date of grant
                                   February 6, 10 years from the       US$2.76           N/A     US$2.76        32,201             –         –             –                32,201
                                     2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   February 13, 10 years from the      US$2.77 US$12.39          US$2.77         9,243             –     7,800             –                 1,443
                                     2017   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                                   March 13,       10 years from the   US$3.08           N/A     US$3.02       116,701             –         –             –               116,701
                                     2017(3)         date of grant
                                   March 20,       10 years from the   US$3.04 US$15.00          US$3.04        69,368             –    42,458             –                26,910
                                     2017(3)         date of grant
                                   March 31,       10 years from the   US$2.81 US$16.08          US$2.82        28,704             –     7,904             –                20,800
                                     2017   (6)
                                                     date of grant




                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                     201
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                             Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the         as of
                            Date of                             day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting          December
Name of grantee Role        grant           Exercise period     to grant
                                                                       (1)
                                                                                date(2)
                                                                                             price       1, 2024    Period     Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


In Aggregate    Employees   May 2,          10 years from the   US$3.13 US$15.41          US$3.12       100,854          –      1,950             –                98,904
                              2017(6)         date of grant
                            May 3,          10 years from the   US$3.12           N/A     US$3.12        11,999          –          –             –                11,999
                              2017   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            June 1,         10 years from the   US$2.83 US$14.45          US$2.94       147,914          –    109,525             –                38,389
                              2017   (6)
                                              date of grant
                            June 12,        10 years from the   US$2.99 US$11.85          US$3.00        12,727          –     12,727             –                     –
                              2017(3)         date of grant
                            June 14,        10 years from the   US$3.04 US$15.20          US$3.05       407,160          –     64,480             –               342,680
                              2017(3)         date of grant
                            June 15,        10 years from the   US$3.05 US$15.06          US$3.04      2,747,446         –    495,378             –          –   2,252,068
                              2017   (6)
                                              date of grant
                            June 27,        10 years from the   US$3.50 US$15.76          US$3.49      2,132,624         –    117,208             –              2,015,416
                              2017   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            June 29,        10 years from the   US$3.50           N/A     US$3.45        33,657          –          –             –                33,657
                              2017(3)         date of grant
                            July 10,        10 years from the   US$5.40 US$13.00          US$5.45         1,300          –      1,300             –                     –
                              2017(3)         date of grant
                            July 17,        10 years from the   US$5.67 US$15.05          US$4.19       234,130          –     61,282             –               172,848
                              2017   (6)
                                              date of grant
                            July 31,        10 years from the   US$5.58 US$13.08          US$5.42        60,996          –     60,996             –                     –
                              2017   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            July 31,        10 years from the   US$5.58 US$15.45          US$5.42       285,519          –     62,998             –               222,521
                              2017(6)         date of grant
                            August 1,       10 years from the   US$5.42 US$15.85          US$5.58        39,000          –     39,000             –                     –
                              2017(3)         date of grant
                            August 3,       10 years from the   US$5.45           N/A     US$5.51        19,994          –          –             –                19,994
                              2017   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            August 7,       10 years from the   US$5.56 US$15.95          US$5.95        39,000          –     39,000             –                     –
                              2017   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            August 28,      10 years from the   US$5.29           N/A     US$5.28        24,167          –          –             –                24,167
                              2017(3)         date of grant




202        BEIGENE, LTD.         •         2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                 Number of options
                                                                                    Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                       Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the           as of
                            Date of                                    day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting            December
Name of grantee Role        grant                  Exercise period     to grant
                                                                              (1)
                                                                                       date(2)
                                                                                                    price       1, 2024       Period    Period        Period     Period    31, 2024


In Aggregate    Employees   August 31,             10 years from the   US$5.30 US$15.52          US$5.30       168,168             –    29,744             –               138,424
                              2017(6)                date of grant
                            September 10 years from the                US$5.78           N/A     US$5.68        35,009             –         –             –                35,009
                              5, 2017      (3)
                                                     date of grant
                            September 10 years from the                US$6.22           N/A     US$6.37        22,269             –         –             –                22,269
                              18, 2017       (3)
                                                     date of grant
                            September 10 years from the                US$6.55 US$12.61          US$6.56       121,992             –    70,499             –                51,493
                              25, 2017(3)            date of grant
                            September 10 years from the                US$7.49 US$13.91          US$7.96        37,492             –    37,492             –                     –
                              29, 2017(3)            date of grant
                            November               10 years from the   US$7.10 US$12.16          US$6.84       199,056             –   108,862             –                90,194
                              1, 2017      (3)
                                                     date of grant
                            November               10 years from the   US$6.38           N/A     US$6.15        10,764             –         –             –                10,764
                              30, 2017       (3)
                                                     date of grant
                            January 5,             10 years from the   US$7.72           N/A     US$7.58        19,071             –         –             –                19,071
                              2018(3)                date of grant
                            January 31, 10 years from the              US$9.52           N/A US$10.44           80,017             –         –             –                80,017
                              2018(3)                date of grant
                            April 30,              10 years from the US$13.37            N/A US$13.04            6,149             –         –             –                 6,149
                              2018   (3)
                                                     date of grant
                            June 6,                10 years from the US$15.73            N/A US$16.15           17,442             –         –             –                17,442
                              2018   (5)
                                                     date of grant
                            June 26,               10 years from the US$12.70 US$14.44 US$12.34                641,433             –   128,726             –               512,707
                              2018(3)                date of grant
                            June 29,               10 years from the US$11.90            N/A US$11.83           12,103             –         –             –                12,103
                              2018(3)                date of grant
                            August 31,             10 years from the US$13.67            N/A US$13.66            6,708             –         –             –                 6,708
                              2018   (7)
                                                     date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$13.28                         N/A US$13.25           65,433             –         –             –                65,433
                              28, 2018       (3)
                                                     date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$13.28                         N/A US$13.25           39,260             –         –             –                39,260
                              28, 2018(8)            date of grant
                            November               10 years from the US$11.07            N/A US$11.79           11,028             –         –             –                11,028
                              30, 2018(3)            date of grant
                            December               10 years from the US$10.53 US$14.02 US$10.79                107,016             –     7,800             –                99,216
                              31, 2018       (3)
                                                     date of grant




                                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                     203
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                              Number of options
                                                                                   Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                      Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the            as of
                            Date of                                   day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting             December
Name of grantee Role        grant                 Exercise period     to grant
                                                                             (1)
                                                                                      date(2)
                                                                                                   price       1, 2024    Period     Period        Period     Period       31, 2024


In Aggregate    Employees   December              10 years from the US$10.53 US$13.85 US$10.79                 12,194          –     12,194             –                        –
                              31, 2018(8)           date of grant
                            January 25, 10 years from the             US$9.62           N/A US$10.44           38,649          –          –             –                   38,649
                              2019   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            March 5,              10 years from the US$11.68 US$12.41 US$11.51                 78,494          –     78,494             –                        –
                              2019   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            May 10,               10 years from the   US$9.33           N/A US$10.32           44,213          –          –             –                   44,213
                              2019(3)               date of grant
                            June 5,               10 years from the   US$9.25 US$14.18          US$9.23      1,865,240         –    349,687             –                 1,515,553
                              2019(3)               date of grant
                            June 5,               10 years from the   US$9.25           N/A     US$9.23       129,220          –          –             –                  129,220
                              2019   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                            August 30,            10 years from the US$11.14 US$13.75 US$11.06                 79,300          –      4,641             –                   74,659
                              2019   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            March 31,             10 years from the   US$9.65           N/A     US$9.67       294,775          –          –             –                  294,775
                              2020(3)               date of grant
                            June 17,              10 years from the US$13.33 US$14.63 US$13.42               1,182,181         –     83,031         3,094     36,426      1,059,630
                              2020(3)               date of grant
                            June 17,              10 years from the US$13.33            N/A US$13.42           90,766          –          –             –                   90,766
                              2020   (5)
                                                    date of grant
                            June 30,              10 years from the US$14.55            N/A US$14.66          212,771          –          –             –    196,404        16,367
                              2020   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            August 7,             10 years from the US$17.24            N/A US$16.99           40,248          –          –             –                   40,248
                              2020(3)               date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$21.65                        N/A US$22.03            8,021          –          –             –                    8,021
                              30, 2020(3)           date of grant
                            November 6, 10 years from the US$23.08                      N/A US$23.07          162,994          –          –             –             –    162,994
                              2020   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            November              10 years from the US$21.99            N/A US$20.99           15,756          –          –         3,042     12,714             –
                              30, 2020     (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            January 22, 10 years from the US$27.46                      N/A US$28.81           55,263          –          –         1,053         3,952     50,258
                              2021(3)               date of grant
                            February 26, 10 years from the US$25.36                     N/A US$25.81            6,331          –          –         1,638         4,693          –
                              2021(3)               date of grant
                            March 31,             10 years from the US$25.61            N/A US$26.78          148,824          –          –         3,900     24,700       120,224
                              2021   (3)
                                                    date of grant




204        BEIGENE, LTD.        •                2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                           Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                              Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the              as of
                            Date of                           day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting               December
Name of grantee Role        grant           Exercise period   to grant
                                                                     (1)
                                                                              date(2)
                                                                                           price       1, 2024       Period    Period        Period     Period       31, 2024


In Aggregate    Employees   May 7,          10 years from the US$24.15          N/A US$24.78           84,240             –         –             –                   84,240
                              2021(3)         date of grant
                            May 28,         10 years from the US$27.00          N/A US$27.58          121,485             –         –             –                  121,485
                              2021   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54          N/A US$26.53         1,608,737            –         –        37,089    177,762      1,393,886
                              2021   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            June 16,        10 years from the US$25.54          N/A US$26.53           17,498             –         –             –             –     17,498
                              2021(5)         date of grant
                            June 30,        10 years from the US$27.48          N/A US$27.28           48,113             –         –         5,005         9,035     34,073
                              2021(3)         date of grant
                            August 6,       10 years from the US$25.84          N/A US$25.61           68,341             –         –             –             –     68,341
                              2021   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            August 31,      10 years from the US$23.22          N/A US$23.72          153,322             –         –         7,163    126,256        19,903
                              2021   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$27.81                N/A US$28.73           55,458             –         –         2,483             –     52,975
                              30, 2021(3)     date of grant
                            November 5, 10 years from the US$28.38              N/A US$28.08           23,231             –         –         3,952         7,202     12,077
                              2021(3)         date of grant
                            November 30, 10 years from the US$26.40             N/A US$26.85           64,649             –         –         5,655         5,928     53,066
                              2021   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            December 31, 10 years from the US$21.03             N/A US$20.84           26,637             –         –         4,836         5,213     16,588
                              2021   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            January 27, 10 years from the US$17.27              N/A US$18.61          371,059             –         –         3,627                  367,432
                              2022(3)         date of grant
                            February 28, 10 years from the US$16.47 US$18.81 US$16.22                 151,580             –         –             –             –    151,580
                              2022(3)         date of grant
                            March 31,       10 years from the US$15.85          N/A US$15.46          135,694             –         –             –                  135,694
                              2022   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            May 6,          10 years from the US$12.27 US$15.31 US$12.50               63,349             –     8,125             –                   55,224
                              2022   (3)
                                              date of grant
                            May 31,         10 years from the US$10.30 US$15.31 US$10.56              123,604             –     4,589             –                  119,015
                              2022(3)         date of grant
                            June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74 US$14.37 US$11.98             5,102,089            –   530,439      332,293     117,312      4,122,045
                              2022(3)         date of grant
                            June 22,        10 years from the US$11.74          N/A US$11.98           11,804             –         –             –                   11,804
                              2022   (9)
                                              date of grant




                                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                        205
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                            Number of options
                                                                                 Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled         Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                    Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the            as of
                            Date of                                 day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting             December
Name of grantee Role        grant                 Exercise period   to grant
                                                                           (1)
                                                                                    date(2)
                                                                                                 price       1, 2024    Period     Period        Period     Period       31, 2024


In Aggregate    Employees   June 30,              10 years from the US$12.48 US$13.88 US$12.81               74,217          –      1,404         6,136                   66,677
                              2022(3)               date of grant
                            August 31,            10 years from the US$12.73          N/A US$13.32           22,009          –          –             –                   22,009
                              2022   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$10.48                      N/A US$10.58           63,024          –          –             –                   63,024
                              30, 2022     (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            November              10 years from the US$13.56          N/A US$14.52           46,176          –          –             –                   46,176
                              10, 2022(3)           date of grant
                            November              10 years from the US$13.84          N/A US$14.74           17,745          –          –             –                   17,745
                              30, 2022(3)           date of grant
                            December              10 years from the US$17.22          N/A US$17.26            7,592          –          –         4,290         3,302          –
                              30, 2022     (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            January 25, 10 years from the US$20.52                    N/A US$20.64           29,471          –          –         4,550         1,508     23,413
                              2023   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            February 28, 10 years from the US$16.62                   N/A US$17.28           61,724          –          –             –                   61,724
                              2023(3)               date of grant
                            March 31,             10 years from the US$16.67 US$17.81 US$16.99               51,844          –      3,237        13,104         2,327     33,176
                              2023(3)               date of grant
                            May 5,                10 years from the US$20.05          N/A US$20.06           18,395          –          –         3,965         1,599     12,831
                              2023   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            May 31,               10 years from the US$17.56          N/A US$17.98           19,188          –          –             –                   19,188
                              2023   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            June 15,              10 years from the US$16.01 US$17.85 US$16.41             5,183,529         –     97,136      420,836      13,221      4,652,336
                              2023(3)               date of grant
                            June 30,              10 years from the US$13.74          N/A US$13.82           30,277          –          –             –                   30,277
                              2023(3)               date of grant
                            August 3,             10 years from the US$14.60          N/A US$16.08           66,729          –          –             –                   66,729
                              2023   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            August 31,            10 years from the US$16.25          N/A US$15.97           54,314          –          –        16,146                   38,168
                              2023   (3)
                                                    date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$14.17 US$15.86 US$14.51                          192,686          –      4,641        26,234                  161,811
                              29, 2023(3)           date of grant
                            November              10 years from the US$15.32          N/A US$15.30           24,297          –          –             –                   24,297
                              13, 2023(3)           date of grant
                            November              10 years from the US$14.09          N/A US$14.38           32,968          –          –        22,386                   10,582
                              30, 2023     (3)
                                                    date of grant




206        BEIGENE, LTD.        •                2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                             Number of options
                                                                                Price on                Outstanding   Granted Exercised Cancelled           Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                   Price on     day prior    Exercise         as of during the during the during the during the            as of
                            Date of                                day prior to exercise      (Grant)      January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting            December
Name of grantee Role        grant                Exercise period   to grant
                                                                          (1)
                                                                                   date(2)
                                                                                                price       1, 2024       Period    Period        Period     Period     31, 2024


In Aggregate    Employees   December 29, 10 years from the US$13.81                  N/A US$13.87           50,271             –         –        11,076                 39,195
                              2023(3)              date of grant
                            January 24, 10 years from the US$12.48                   N/A US$12.40                –        49,673         –        12,181                 37,492
                              2024   (3)
                                                   date of grant
                            February 29, 10 years from the US$13.73                  N/A US$12.74                –        12,012         –             –                 12,012
                              2024   (3)
                                                   date of grant
                            March 28,            10 years from the US$11.93          N/A US$12.03                –        74,464         –             –                 74,464
                              2024(3)              date of grant
                            May 10,              10 years from the US$12.97          N/A US$12.59                –    155,792            –             –                155,792
                              2024(3)              date of grant
                            May 31,              10 years from the US$11.87          N/A US$11.81                –    145,340            –             –                145,340
                              2024   (3)
                                                   date of grant
                            June 5,              10 years from the US$11.93          N/A US$12.23                – 5,011,318             –      382,265                4,629,053
                              2024   (3)
                                                   date of grant
                            June 28,             10 years from the US$11.20          N/A US$11.67                –        22,880         –             –                 22,880
                              2024(3)              date of grant
                            August 9,            10 years from the US$14.08          N/A US$14.06                –        75,868         –             –                 75,868
                              2024(3)              date of grant
                            August 30,           10 years from the US$15.24          N/A US$15.26                –        48,802         –             –                 48,802
                              2024   (3)
                                                   date of grant
                            September 10 years from the US$16.80                     N/A US$17.27                –    278,031            –             –                278,031
                              30, 2024     (3)
                                                   date of grant
                            November             10 years from the US$15.03          N/A US$15.48                –        47,164         –             –                 47,164
                              14, 2024(3)          date of grant
                            November             10 years from the US$15.86          N/A US$16.54                –        67,951         –             –                 67,951
                              29, 2024(3)          date of grant
                            December             10 years from the US$14.14          N/A US$14.21                –        29,523         –             –                 29,523
                              31, 2024     (3)
                                                   date of grant


Total                                                                                                   61,516,760 9,180,301 3,783,078 1,780,457            749,600   64,383,926




                                                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.                   •      2024     ANNUAL REPORT                      207
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Notes:


      *      Mr. Donald W. Glazer was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and passed
             away on October 25, 2024.


      **     Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
             an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.


      ***    Ms. Julia Wang was the Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as the Chief
             Financial Officer of the Company on July 19, 2024.


      (1)    The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the grant date.


      (2)    The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
             day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


      (3)    25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
             anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
             relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
             installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
             25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


      (4)    One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.


      (5)    100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
             next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/
             or termination. In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the
             Company on January 22, 2024 and the consulting agreement between Mr. Thomas Malley and the Company dated
             January 23, 2024, options granted to Mr. Thomas Malley on June 15, 2023 shall continue to vest according the
             original vesting schedule throughout the consulting period from January 23, 2024 to June 30, 2024.


      (6)    20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
             exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
             following the vest of the initial 20%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control
             and/or termination.


      (7)    The options become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, beginning on the last day of the first month after
             grant.


      (8)    The options become exercisable upon satisfaction of specified performance targets, including certain financial targets
             and management targets as set out in the relevant grant letters.


      (9)    50% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 50% become
             exercisable in 12 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
             following the vest of the initial 50%.




208        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(10)   In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
       January 22, 2024, the options granted to Mr. Thomas Malley shall be exercisable for a period of three years after the
       date that Thomas Malley ceased to be a member of the Board or until the expiration date as agreed in the award
       agreement, if earlier.


(11)   Pursuant to the Separation and Transition Agreement between Ms. Julia Wang and the Company dated July 17,
       2024 (the “Separation and Transition Agreement”), the exercise period of any vested portion of Ms. Julia Wang’s
       outstanding options as of the separation date has been extended to the date that is 18 months following the
       separation date.


(12)   100% of the options shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
       relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             209
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Further details of the outstanding options granted under the 2016 Plan and Amended 2016 Plan during the
Reporting Period are as follows:


                               Number
                             of options                                                                 Closing price
                               granted                                                                  of the Shares     Fair value of
                             during the                          Vesting/     Exercise                   immediately     the options at
                             Reporting                           Exercise        price   Performance      before the        the date of
Name                            Period           Date of grant    period         (US$)        targets          grant            grant(3)


Directors


John V. Oyler                  923,975           June 5, 2024          (1)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93      US$5,999,924
Xiaodong Wang                  410,657           June 5, 2024          (1)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93      US$2,666,642
Anthony C. Hooper               34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Olivier Brandicourt             27,794      February 29, 2024          (2)   US$12.74              –       US$13.73       US$158,862
                                34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Margaret Han Dugan              34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Donald W. Glazer*               34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Michael Goller                  34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Ranjeev Krishana                34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Corazon D. Sanders              34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Alessandro Riva                 34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995
Shalini Sharp                   17,238    September 30, 2024           (2)   US$17.27              –       US$16.80       US$140,779
Qingqing Yi                     34,151           June 5, 2024          (2)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93       US$199,995


Senior Managements


Xiaobin Wu                     477,386           June 5, 2024          (1)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93      US$3,099,954
Julia Wang**                   256,659           June 5, 2024          (1)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93      US$1,666,641
Aaron Rosenberg                220,987         August 9, 2024          (1)   US$14.06              –       US$14.08      US$1,666,662
Lai Wang                       318,253           June 5, 2024          (1)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93      US$2,066,608
Chan Lee                       184,795           June 5, 2024          (1)   US$12.23              –       US$11.93      US$1,199,985


Other grantees by category


Employee Participants


In aggregate                 6,018,818      January 24, 2024 –         (1)   US$11.67-             –      US$11.20-     US$40,186,262
                                          December 31, 2024                  US$17.27                      US$16.80


Service Provider                16,380      February 29, 2024          (4)   US$12.74              –       US$13.73         US$99,952


Total                        9,180,301                                                                                  US$60,752,226



210         BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


*     Mr. Donald W. Glazer was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and passed
      away on October 25, 2024.


**    Ms. Julia Wang was the Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as the Chief
      Financial Officer of the Company on July 19, 2024.


(1)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date or, for new employees, the first
      anniversary of the last trading day of the month following the date on which such grantee starts his or her service
      relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries. The remaining 75% become exercisable in 36 equal monthly
      installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month following the vest of the initial
      25%. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination. The exercise
      period for the options is 10 years from the date of grant.


(2)   100% of the options become exercisable on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the
      next annual general meeting. Certain options may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or
      termination. The exercise period for the options is 10 years from the date of grant.


(3)   The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
      preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined using the binomial method, which is
      calculated by a third party. The binomial model uses a number of variables to calculate the fair value, including the
      post-vesting forfeiture rate, the risk-free rate of interest, volatility, contractual life, etc.


(4)   100% of the options shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
      relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date. The exercise period for the options is 10
      years from the date of grant.


Movements of RSUs and PSUs under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had conditionally granted RSUs to 17,828 participants and PSUs to
32 participants under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan. All of the RSUs and PSUs under the 2016
Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan were granted between September 26, 2017 and December 31, 2024 (both
days inclusive).




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             211
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           As of January 1, 2024, 66,401,023 Shares were outstanding pursuant to RSUs granted under the 2016 Plan (no
           PSU granted under the 2016 Plan), and as of December 31, 2024, 83,668,585 Shares and 2,162,082 Shares
           were outstanding pursuant to RSUs and PSUs granted under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan
           respectively. Details of the movements of the unvested RSUs and PSUs are set out below:


                                                                                                                                Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                         Closing price
                                                                                                 Outstanding                                   Cancelled        Lapsed     Outstanding     on the day
                                                                                 Closing price         as of Granted during Vested during      during the     during the         as of         prior to
                                                                      Vesting     on day prior      January the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting      Reporting December 31,     vesting date
Name of grantee       Role                            Date of grant   period      to the grant       1, 2024        Period         Period         Period         Period          2024    during 2024(1)


                      Directors of the Company


John V. Oyler         Executive Director,         June 16, 2021            (6)      US$25.54          73,138                –      36,556                 –                     36,582      US$12.51
                        Chairman and              June 22, 2022            (6)      US$11.74        250,510                 –      83,499                 –                   167,011       US$12.01
                        Chief Executive Officer   June 15, 2023            (6)      US$16.01        355,641                 –      88,907                 –                   266,734       US$12.51
                                                      June 5, 2024         (6)      US$11.93               –       490,464              –                 –                   490,464                –
                                                      June 5, 2024         (9)      US$11.93               –      490,464
                                                                                                                        (10)
                                                                                                                                        –                 –                   490,464                –
Xiaodong Wang         Non-executive Director      June 16, 2021            (6)      US$25.54          19,500                –       9,750                 –                      9,750      US$12.51
                                                  June 22, 2022            (6)      US$11.74          62,634                –      20,865                 –                     41,769      US$12.01
                                                  June 15, 2023            (6)      US$16.01          86,216                –      21,554                 –                     64,662      US$12.51
                                                      June 5, 2024         (6)      US$11.93               –       108,992              –                 –                   108,992                –
Anthony C. Hooper     Independent                 June 22, 2022            (7)      US$11.74          16,692                –      16,692                 –                          –      US$14.14
                        Non-executive Director    June 15, 2023            (7)      US$16.01          12,922                –           –                 –                     12,922               –
                                                      June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                 –                     16,341               –
Olivier Brandicourt   Independent Non-executive       June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                 –                     16,341               –
                        Director
Margaret Han Dugan Independent Non-executive      June 15, 2023            (7)      US$16.01          12,922                –      12,922                 –                          –      US$11.93
                        Director                      June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                 –                     16,341               –
Donald W. Glazer*     Former Independent Non-     June 22, 2022            (7)      US$11.74          16,692                –      16,692                 –                          –      US$14.14
                        executive Director        June 15, 2023            (7)      US$16.01          12,922                –           –                 –                     12,922               –
                                                      June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                 –                     16,341               –




212             BEIGENE, LTD.                     •        2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                        Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                   Closing price
                                                                                          Outstanding                                  Cancelled          Lapsed     Outstanding     on the day
                                                                          Closing price         as of Granted during Vested during     during the       during the         as of         prior to
                                                               Vesting     on day prior      January the Reporting the Reporting       Reporting        Reporting December 31,     vesting date
Name of grantee    Role                        Date of grant   period      to the grant       1, 2024        Period         Period        Period           Period          2024    during 2024(1)


Michael Goller     Independent                June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01          12,922             –         12,922                –                            –      US$11.93
                     Non-executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                –                       16,341               –
Ranjeev Krishana   Independent                June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01          12,922             –         12,922                –                            –      US$11.93
                     Non-executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                –                       16,341               –
Thomas Malley**    Former Independent Non-    June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01          12,922             –              –        12,922                               –               –
                     executive Director
Corazon D. Sanders Independent                June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01          12,922             –         12,922                –                            –               –
                     Non-executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                –                       16,341               –
Alessandro Riva    Independent                June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01          12,922             –         12,922                –                            –               –
                     Non-executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                –                       16,341               –
Shalini Sharp      Independent                September 30,         (7)      US$16.80               –         8,151              –                –                        8,151               –
                     Non-executive Director            2024
Qingqing Yi        Independent                June 15, 2023         (7)      US$16.01          12,922             –         12,922                –                            –               –
                     Non-executive Director    June 5, 2024         (7)      US$11.93               –        16,341              –                –                       16,341               –




                                                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.                  •      2024             ANNUAL REPORT                     213
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                    Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                            Closing
                                                                                                                                                                        price on the
                                                                       Closing price Outstanding     Granted            Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding day prior to
                                                                            on day         as of   during the        during the   during the   during the       as of vesting date
                                                            Vesting        prior to     January    Reporting         Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December         during
Name of grantee Role                    Date of grant       period        the grant      1, 2024      Period            Period       Period       Period     31, 2024        2024(1)


                 Senior Management of
                   the Company


Xiaobin Wu       President, Chief       June 17, 2020            (6)     US$13.33        33,566               –         33,566            –                        –      US$12.01
                   Operating Officer    June 16, 2021            (6)     US$25.54        39,000               –         19,500            –                   19,500      US$12.01
                   and General          June 22, 2022            (6)     US$11.74       140,907               –         46,969            –                   93,938      US$12.51
                   Manager of China     June 15, 2023            (6)     US$16.01       200,447               –         50,102            –                  150,345      US$12.01
                                        June 5, 2024             (6)     US$11.93             –      253,409                 –            –                  253,409              –
                                        June 5, 2024            (11)     US$11.93             –    253,409   (10)
                                                                                                                             –            –                  253,409              –
Julia Wang***    Former Chief           June 30, 2020            (6)     US$14.55        13,819               –         13,819            –                        –      US$11.20
                   Financial Officer    June 16, 2021            (6)     US$25.54        14,352               –         14,352            –                        –      US$14.03
                                        February 28, 2022        (6)     US$16.47        46,319               –         46,319            –                        –      US$14.55
                                        June 22, 2022            (6)     US$11.74        78,286               –         52,182       26,104                        –      US$14.03
                                        June 15, 2023            (6)     US$16.01       107,770               –         53,872       53,898                        –      US$14.03
                                        June 5, 2024             (6)     US$11.93             –      136,240                 –      136,240                        –              –
                                        June 5, 2024            (11)     US$11.93             –    136,240(10)               –      136,240                        –              –
Aaron Rosenberg Chief Financial Officer June 5, 2024             (6)     US$14.08              –     118,547                 –            –                  118,547              –
                                        June 5, 2024            (11)     US$14.08              –   118,547   (10)
                                                                                                                             –            –                  118,547              –
Lai Wang         Global Head of R&D     June 17, 2020            (6)     US$13.33        23,309               –         23,309            –                        –      US$12.51
                                        June 16, 2021            (6)     US$25.54        26,819               –         13,403            –                   13,416      US$12.51
                                        June 22, 2022            (6)     US$11.74        93,951               –         31,304            –                   62,647      US$12.01
                                        June 15, 2023            (6)     US$16.01       133,627               –         33,397            –                  100,230      US$12.51
                                        June 5, 2024             (6)     US$11.93             –      168,935                 –            –                  168,935              –
                                        June 5, 2024            (11)     US$11.93             –    168,935(10)               –            –                  168,935              –
Chan Lee         SVP, General Counsel July 29, 2022              (6)     US$13.45        87,009               –         29,003            –                   58,006      US$12.50
                                        June 15, 2023            (6)     US$16.01        65,585               –         16,393            –                   49,192      US$12.51
                                        June 5, 2024             (6)     US$11.93              –      98,085                 –            –                   98,085              –
                                        June 5, 2024            (11)     US$11.93              –    98,085   (10)
                                                                                                                             –            –                   98,085              –




214          BEIGENE, LTD.              •       2024         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                          Number of RSUs and PSUs
                                                                                                                                                                    Closing
                                                                                                                                                                price on the
                                                                 Closing price Outstanding     Granted        Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding day prior to
                                                                      on day         as of   during the    during the   during the    during the        as of vesting date
                                                      Vesting        prior to     January    Reporting     Reporting    Reporting     Reporting    December          during
Name of grantee Role                Date of grant     period        the grant      1, 2024      Period        Period       Period        Period      31, 2024        2024(1)


                Other Grantees


In Aggregate    Employees           Between January        (6)     US$18.55      8,302,047            –    5,194,956      735,241                   2,371,850             (2)
                  of the Group        31, 2018 to
                                      December 31,
                                      2021
                                    Between January        (6)     US$12.28     23,899,564            –    7,592,481    2,314,780                  13,992,303             (3)
                                      1, 2022 to
                                      December 31,
                                      2022
                                    Between January        (6)     US$15.62     32,088,680            –    7,600,047    3,260,855                  21,227,778             (4)
                                      1, 2023 to
                                      December 29,
                                      2023
                                    Between January        (6)     US$12.21             –    45,741,475        5,811    2,228,564                  43,507,100             (5)
                                      1, 2024 to
                                      December 31,
                                      2024
                                    June 5, 2024          (11)     US$11.93             – 1,140,269(10)            –      107,627                   1,032,642             –
In Aggregate    Service Providers   Between January        (8)     US$13.81          8,645            –        8,645            –                           –
                                      1, 2023 to
                                      December 31,
                                      2023
                                    Between January       (12)     US$13.73              –      16,276             –            –                     16,276
                                      1, 2024 to
                                      December 31,
                                      2024


Total                                                                           66,401,023   49,693,592   21,251,477    9,012,471                  85,830,667




                                                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.               •      2024         ANNUAL REPORT                   215
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Notes:


      *      Mr. Donald W. Glazer was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and passed
             away on October 25, 2024.


      **     Mr. Thomas Malley was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as
             an independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 22, 2024.


      ***    Ms. Julia Wang was the Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as the Chief
             Financial Officer of the Company on July 19, 2024.


      (1)    The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
             day immediately prior to the date which the RSUs were vested.


      (2)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.97 to US$17.27.


      (3)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.97 to US$17.27.


      (4)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.97 to US$16.80.


      (5)    The weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
             to the date which the RSUs vested was ranged from US$10.97 to US$14.75.


      (6)    25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee
             remained in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided,
             however, that certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment,
             if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.


      (7)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual
             general meeting. Certain RSUs may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.
             In connection with Mr. Thomas Malley’s resignation as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
             January 22, 2024, the RSUs granted to Mr. Thomas Malley that have not vested as of such date has automatically
             terminated and been forfeited.


      (8)    100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
             relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying
             Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in such
             grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.




216        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(9)    The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the
       third year is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however,
       that upon a termination without cause or for good reason as defined in the grantee’s employment agreement, the
       PSUs with completed performance periods shall become vested and paid out based on actual performance while the
       awards for incomplete years will be paid out at target as if he had remained employed for an additional 20 months;
       provided further that the PSUs shall become fully vested for underlying shares upon a change in control of the
       Company or death or disability pursuant to the same formula.


(10)   The stated number is upon maximum target vesting of 100%. The relevant performance metric used is yearly total
       revenue, with potential payout of 0-200% of target based on performance versus pre-set revenue goals for each of
       three equally-weighted one-year periods.


(11)   The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the third
       year is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however, that
       the PSUs are subject to accelerated vesting upon termination and/or a change in control.


(12)   100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
       relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT             217
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Further details of the unvested RSUs and PSUs granted during the Reporting Period are as follows:


                                     Number of
                                 RSUs and PSUs                                                                                  Fair value of
                                  granted during                                                            Closing price    RSUs and PSUs
                                   the Reporting                                           Performance     on day prior to     at the date of
Name                                     Period          Date of grant   Vesting period         targets         the grant             grant(3)


Directors
John V. Oyler                           490,464          June 5, 2024                (1)             –          US$11.93       US$5,999,884
                                        490,464          June 5, 2024                (5)             (6)        US$11.93       US$5,999,884
Xiaodong Wang                           108,992          June 5, 2024                (1)             –          US$11.93       US$1,333,308
Anthony C. Hooper                        16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Olivier Brandicourt                      16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Margaret Han Dugan                       16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Donald W. Glazer*                        16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Michael Goller                           16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Ranjeev Krishana                         16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Corazon D. Sanders                       16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Alessandro Riva                          16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901
Shalini Sharp                              8,151   September 30, 2024                (2)             –          US$16.80        US$140,768
Qingqing Yi                              16,341          June 5, 2024                (2)             –          US$11.93        US$199,901


Senior Management
Xiaobin Wu                              253,409          June 5, 2024                (1)             –          US$11.93       US$3,099,972
                                        253,409          June 5, 2024                (7)             (6)        US$11.93       US$3,099,972
Julia Wang**                            136,240          June 5, 2024                (1)             –          US$11.93       US$1,666,634
                                        136,240          June 5, 2024                (7)             (6)        US$11.93       US$1,666,634
Chan Lee                                 98,085          June 5, 2024                (1)             –          US$11.93       US$1,199,881
                                         98,085          June 5, 2024                (7)             (6)        US$11.93       US$1,199,881
Aaron Rosenberg                         118,547        August 9, 2024                (1)             –          US$14.08       US$1,666,588
                                        118,547        August 9, 2024                (7)             (6)        US$14.08       US$1,666,588
Lai Wang                                168,935          June 5, 2024                (1)             –          US$11.93       US$2,066,595
                                        168,935          June 5, 2024                (7)             (6)        US$11.93       US$2,066,595


Other grantees by category


Employee Participants
In aggregate                         45,741,475     January 24, 2024 –               (1)             –          US$15.62     US$573,702,309
                                                   December 31, 2024
                                      1,140,269          June 5, 2024                (7)             (6)        US$11.93      US$13,948,998
Service Providers                        16,276     February 29, 2024                (4)             –          US$13.93        US$219,764


Total                                49,693,592                                                                              US$622,543,364



218         BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2024      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


*     Mr. Donald W. Glazer was an independent non-executive Director of the Company at the time of grants and passed
      away on October 25, 2024.


**    Ms. Julia Wang was the Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the time of grants and resigned as the Chief
      Financial Officer of the Company on July 19, 2024.


(1)   25% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date and each anniversary of such date if the grantee
      remained in a continuous service relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided,
      however, that certain underlying Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment,
      if applicable, as set forth in such grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.


(2)   100% of the Shares shall vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the next annual
      general meeting. Certain RSUs may be subject to accelerated vesting upon change in control and/or termination.


(3)   The fair values of the RSUs are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for
      preparing the Company’s financial statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the closing price of the
      Company’s ADSs on NASDAQ on the date of grant.


(4)   100% of the Shares shall vest on the vesting commencement date if the grantee remained in a continuous service
      relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries through each such date; provided, however, that certain underlying
      Shares shall become vested upon a change of control or termination of employment, if applicable, as set forth in such
      grantee’s employment agreement or offer letter.


(5)   The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the
      third year is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however,
      that upon a termination without cause or for good reason as defined in the grantee’s employment agreement, the
      PSUs with completed performance periods shall become vested and paid out based on actual performance while the
      awards for incomplete years will be paid out at target as if he had remained employed for an additional 20 months;
      provided further that the PSUs shall become fully vested for underlying shares upon a change in control of the
      Company or death or disability pursuant to the same formula.


(6)   The relevant performance metric used is yearly total revenue, with potential payout of 0-200% of target based on
      performance versus pre-set revenue goals for each of three equally-weighted one-year periods.


(7)   The Shares shall cliff vest at the end of the three-year performance period once the total revenue number for the third
      year is finalized to the extent the performance metrics are met, subject to continued service; provided, however, that
      the PSUs are subject to accelerated vesting upon termination and/or a change in control.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT             219
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.    Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (amended as the Fourth
      Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan on June 5, 2024)


      Purpose

      The Amended 2018 ESPP is to provide the participants with opportunities to purchase shares either in the
      form of ordinary shares or ADSs.


      The Amended 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at
      a 15% discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at
      the end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.


      The Amended 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has
      the authority to interpret the provisions of the Amended 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations
      necessary or advisable in administering it.


      Eligible Participants, Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant, Vesting and Exercise Period

      All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who are employed as of the first day of the
      applicable offering and have been employed as of the commencement of the enrollment period for such
      offering are eligible to participate in the Amended 2018 ESPP, other than employees who would own 5% or
      more of the voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to purchase Shares under the Amended
      2018 ESPP.


      To participate in the Amended 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount
      not less than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation,
      including regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our
      Compensation Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards,
      allowances and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or
      gain on the exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.




220    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. For the purpose of disclosure in this annual
report, such offering period is considered to be the vesting period. Any option granted but not exercised by
the end of an offering will automatically lapse.


An eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the Amended 2018 ESPP, following which the
Company will refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full. Partial withdrawals are not
permitted.


Purchase Price and Basis of Determination

Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the
first local business day of the offering period or the last local business day of the offering period, whichever is
lower.


Accordingly, the number of Shares purchased can only be determined after the end of offering period subject
to the determination of the purchase price. If the number of unsold Shares that are available for purchase
under the Amended 2018 ESPP is insufficient to permit exercise of all rights deemed exercised by all
participating employees, a participation adjustment will be made, and the number of Shares purchasable by
all participating employees will be reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a participating employee’s
account after such exercise are refunded to the employee, without interest.


If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
the employee.


In the event of a capitalization issue, rights issue, subdivision of shares, share split, consolidation of shares,
reverse share split, or reduction of the share capital of the Company affecting the Shares, the number of
Shares that may be purchased under the Amended 2018 ESPP shall be equitably or proportionately adjusted
to give proper effect to such event. Any such adjustment will be made in accordance with Rule 17.03(13)
of the HK Listing Rules. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will be assumed or an
equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or substituted, the
offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by setting a new
exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           221
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant

      As at January 1, 2024, 1,941,075 Shares were available for grant under the 2018 ESPP. The aforementioned
      figure had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to the offering period which commenced
      from September 1, 2023 as the relevant number of Shares could not be determined as at January 1, 2024.
      During the period from January 1, 2024 to June 4, 2024, 1,021,397 new Shares were purchased by and
      issued to eligible employees pursuant to the 2018 ESPP. On June 5, 2024, the 2018 ESPP was amended
      and restated as the Amended 2018 ESPP and a new scheme mandate limit, details of which are set out in
      the section headed “Scheme Mandate Limit and Consultant Sublimit” above, was adopted. During the period
      from June 5, 2024 to December 31, 2024, 1,035,996 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible
      employees pursuant to the Amended 2018 ESPP. It follows that, as at December 31, 2024 and April 18, 2025,
      4,953,682 and 3,998,286 Shares were available for grant under the Amended 2018 ESPP, respectively. The
      aforementioned figure as at December 31, 2024 had not taken into account Shares purchased pursuant to
      the offering period which commenced from September 3, 2024 as the relevant number of Shares could not be
      determined as at December 31, 2024.


      Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue

      As at January 1, 2024, 1,941,075 new Shares were available for purchase and issue under the 2018 ESPP.
      During the period from January 1, 2024 to June 4, 2024, 1,021,397 new Shares were purchased by and issued
      to eligible employees pursuant to the 2018 ESPP following the end of the offering period which commenced
      on September 1, 2023. On June 5, 2024, the 2018 ESPP was amended and restated as the Amended 2018
      ESPP and a new scheme mandate limit, details of which are set out in the section headed “Scheme Mandate
      Limit and Consultant Sublimit” above, was adopted. During the period from June 5, 2024 to December 31,
      2024, 1,035,996 new Shares were purchased by and issued to eligible employees pursuant to the Amended
      2018 ESPP following the end of the offering period which commenced on March 1, 2024. It follows that, as
      at December 31, 2024 and April 18, 2025, 4,953,682 and 3,998,286 Shares (being approximately 0.28% of
      the issued share capital of the Company as at April 18, 2025) were available for purchase and issue under the
      Amended 2018 ESPP, respectively.


      Remaining Life of the Amended 2018 ESPP

      The Amended 2018 ESPP was approved by shareholders on June 5, 2024 and shall remain in effect until
      December 7, 2028 unless terminated earlier by the Board. The remaining life of the Amended 2018 ESPP is
      approximately 3.5 years.


      Grants under the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP

      3,039 and 3,188 eligible employees (including senior management members) participated in the 2018 ESPP
      and the Amended 2018 ESPP during the offering periods which commenced on September 1, 2023 and
      March 1, 2024, respectively.




222    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


        Details of the grants under the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP are as follows:


                                                                                            Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                   deduction
                                                                     Purchase price amounts authorized
                                                                    in respect of the         by the eligible
                                                                   Shares purchased     employees at the
                                                                    at the end of the       beginning of the
                                                                      offering period        offering period
                                                                              which                     which             Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                          commenced on           commenced on                purchased during
                             First day of              Vesting/        September 1,            September 1,          the Reporting Period
Name                         offering period     Offering period         2023 (US$)         2023 (US$) Note (1)                (US$) Note (2)


Senior Management


Xiaobin Wu                   September 1, 2023        6 months             US$10.83           US$10,623.30                  US$8,307.35
                                                                                                                        (equivalent to 767
                                                                                                                  Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                      on a purchase price
                                                                                                                            of US$10.83)


Other grantees by category


Employee Participants        September 1, 2023        6 months             US$10.83          US$11,808,235                US$11,054,404
                                                                                                                  (equivalent to 1,020,630
                                                                                                                  Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                      on a purchase price
                                                                                                                            of US$10.83)


Total                                                                                                                     US$11,062,712




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.             •      2024        ANNUAL REPORT             223
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Notes:


      1.     The closing price of the Shares immediately before September 1, 2023 is US$15.97 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$125.26), and the fair value of the Shares at the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$16,414,635
             (equivalent to approximately HK$128,751,148). There are no performance targets attached to the participation in the
             2018 ESPP for the offering period which commenced on September 1, 2023.


      2.     During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at
             the beginning of the offering period which commenced on September 1, 2023 and taking into account any eligible
             employees who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP during such offering period, such relevant amounts of authorized
             payroll reduction were used to purchase an aggregate of 1,021,397 Shares at the purchase price of US$10.83 at
             the end of the offering period (i.e. February 29, 2024). The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately
             before the end of the offering period (i.e. February 29, 2024) is US$12.74 (equivalent to approximately HK$99.71), and
             the fair value of the total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$13,014,955 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$101,865,320).


      3.     The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced
             on September 1, 2023 is US$11,816,543 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is
             1,021,397.


      4.     As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP, following which the Company will refund
             such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible
             employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such final amount of payroll deduction
             authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as practicable after the end of each
             offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end of each offering period.




224        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                  Granted/Payroll
                                                                                                        deduction
                                                                           Purchase price amounts authorized
                                                                          in respect of the         by the eligible
                                                                         Shares purchased     employees at the
                                                                          at the end of the       beginning of the
                                                                            offering period        offering period
                                                                                    which                    which              Vested/Shares
                             Date of grant/                                commenced on           commenced on                purchased during
                             First day of                    Vesting/             March 1,                March 1,         the Reporting Period
Name                         offering period           Offering period         2024 (US$)         2024 (US$) Note (1)                (US$) Note (2)


Senior Management


Xiaobin Wu                   March 1, 2024                  6 months             US$10.79           US$10,623.30                 US$10,520.03
                                                                                                                              (equivalent to 975
                                                                                                                        Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                            on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                  of US$10.79)


Other grantees by category


Employee Participants        March 1, 2024                  6 months             US$10.79          US$11,338,412             US$11,167,637.74
                                                                                                                        (equivalent to 1,035,021
                                                                                                                        Shares purchased based
                                                                                                                            on a purchase price
                                                                                                                                  of US$10.79)


Total                                                                                                                        US$11,178,157.76


        Notes:


        1.     The closing price of the Shares immediately before March 1, 2024 is US$12.74 (equivalent to approximately
               HK$99.71), and the fair value of the Shares at the date of grant (i.e. first day of offering period) is US$13,150,774
               (equivalent to approximately HK$102,939,130). There are no performance targets attached to the participation in the
               2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP for the offering period which commenced on March 1, 2024.


        2.     During the Reporting Period, in respect of the payroll deduction amounts authorized by the eligible employees at the
               beginning of the offering period which commenced on March 1, 2024 and taking into account any eligible employees
               who withdrew from the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP during such offering period, such relevant amounts
               of authorized payroll reduction were used to purchase an aggregate of 1,035,021 Shares at the purchase price of
               US$10.79 at the end of the offering period (i.e. August 30, 2024). The weighted average closing price of the Shares
               immediately before the end of the offering period (i.e. August 30, 2024) is US$15.27 (equivalent to approximately
               HK$119.10), and the fair value of the total Shares purchased on the date of purchase is US$15,283,332 (equivalent to
               approximately HK$119,168,419).




                                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.             •      2024        ANNUAL REPORT             225
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      3.     The final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees for the offering period which commenced
             on March 1, 2024 is US$11,348,932.47 and the number of Shares purchased after the end such offering period is
             1,035,996.


      4.     As an eligible employee may withdraw from participation in the 2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP, following
             which the Company will refund such individual’s authorized payroll deduction in full, the final amount of payroll
             deduction authorized by eligible employees can only be determined after the end of each offering period. Such
             final amount of payroll deduction authorized by eligible employees is used in whole to purchase Shares as soon as
             practicable after the end of each offering period, accordingly there would not be any outstanding grants as of the end
             of each offering period.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS


There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION


The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES


During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any
of the Company’s securities listed on the HKEx or the NASDAQ (including any sale of treasury shares (as defined
under the HK Listing Rules)). As at December 31, 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares (as defined
under the HK Listing Rules).




226        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. As of the date of this
annual report, the Audit Committee consists of four independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Shalini
Sharp, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Ms. Shalini Sharp,
being the chair of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK
Listing Rules. On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation
from the Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee. Effective as of January 23, 2024, the Board
appointed Dr. Olivier Brandicourt as an independent non-executive Director to fill the vacancy arising from the
resignation of Mr. Malley. In connection with his appointment to the Board, effective as of January 23, 2024,
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to serve as a member of the Audit Committee. Effective as of September
27, 2024, the Board changed the size of the Board from 11 to 12 members and appointed Ms. Shalini Sharp to
the Board to fill the vacancy as an independent non-executive Director of the Company. In connection with her
appointment to the Board, effective as of September 27, 2024, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to serve as a
member of the Audit Committee. Effective as of March 1, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp has been appointed as the Chair
of the Audit Committee. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee but remains a
member of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2024. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the
external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HK LISTING RULES


The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the HK Listing
Rules.


PUBLIC FLOAT


As at April 18, 2025 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of
the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the HKEx.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          227
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDITORS


The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEx since August 8, 2018, and there has been
no change in auditors in 2024.


The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting, United States financial
reporting and PRC financial reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP and Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP, respectively. We will ask shareholders to ratify the appointments of Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young
LLP and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP as our independent auditors at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders of
the Company.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 18, 2025




228    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2024.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES


The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to the Company’s shareholders.


The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has applied the principles in the Corporate Governance Code as set out
in Appendix C1 to the HK Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) which are applicable to the Company
and complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code save for the following deviations.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected
to comply with, but may choose to deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and
the Chief Executive Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not
have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles.
Our Board believes that Mr. John V. Oyler is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus
of the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board also believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective
execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. Our
Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a
time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Company as a whole. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure
of the Company based upon its view of what is in the best interest of the Company. Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles or if the
Chairman does not otherwise qualify as independent, the independent Directors may elect a lead director. Mr.
Ranjeev Krishana, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, currently serves as the lead director.
The Board believes our current Board leadership structure will help ensure continuity of strong and effective
leadership. The lead director has responsibilities that are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
including presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of
the independent directors; consulting with management regarding Board meeting schedules, locations, agendas
and materials; and calling meetings of the independent and non-management Directors, when appropriate.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           229
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance
Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Audit Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules and the rules of the
SEC. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to monitor the integrity of our financial
statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements
and accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and review all related
party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions. As of the date of
this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Shalini
Sharp, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Ms. Shalini Sharp,
being the chair of the Audit Committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK
Listing Rules. On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board. In connection with his resignation
from the Board, Mr. Thomas Malley also resigned from the Audit Committee. Effective as of January 23, 2024, the
Board appointed Dr. Olivier Brandicourt as an independent non-executive Director to fill the vacancy arising from
the resignation of Mr. Malley. In connection with his appointment to the Board, effective as of January 23, 2024, Dr.
Olivier Brandicourt has been appointed to serve as a member of the Audit Committee. Effective as of September
27, 2024, the Board changed the size of the Board from 11 to 12 members and appointed Ms. Shalini Sharp to
the Board to fill the vacancy as an independent non-executive Director of the Company. In connection with her
appointment to the Board, effective as of September 27, 2024, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to serve as a
member of the Audit Committee. Effective as of March 1, 2025, Ms. Shalini Sharp has been appointed as the Chair
of the Audit Committee. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper ceased to serve as the Chair of the Audit Committee but remains a
member of the Audit Committee.


Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance
Code. However, the charter of our Compensation Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Compensation Committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to
director compensation, evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer
and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer and review and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the terms of their compensation, and review and approve the compensation of our other executive
officers and senior management, and review and approve matters relating to incentive-based compensation
plans and equity-based plans. As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises three
independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Qingqing Yi.
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee.




230    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code,
except for the terms of reference required by paragraph B.3.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the
charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The
primary duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are to develop and recommend to the
Board criteria for board and committee membership, recommend to the Board the persons to be nominated for
election as directors and to each of the Board’s committees, and develop and recommend to the Board a set
of corporate governance guidelines. During the Reporting Period, our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee complied with Rule 3.27A of the HK Listing Rules, except following the passing away of Mr. Glazer on
October 25, 2024, the chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee fell vacant which did not meet
the requirement under Rule 3.27A of the HK Listing Rules. Effective as of January 16, 2025, the Board appointed
Ms. Shalini Sharp, an independent non-executive director of the Company, as a member of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and appointed Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, an independent non-executive director
of the Company, as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Upon the appointment of
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Company has re-
complied with Rule 3.27A of the HK Listing Rules in respect of the requirement regarding establishing a nomination
committee chaired by the chairman of the board or an independent non-executive director. As of the date of this
annual report, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises four independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Michael Goller, Dr. Alessandro Riva and Ms. Shalini Sharp. Mr.
Anthony C. Hooper is the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.


Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code during the Reporting Period.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS


Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HK Listing Rules regarding the directors’ dealings in
the securities of the Company.


Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code, a director must not deal in any securities of the issuer without first notifying
in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board for the specific purpose and
receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing policies, the General Counsel of
the Company, has been designated as the insider trading compliance officer whom a director who intends to deal
in the Company’s securities must notify. The Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite
not being a member of the Board, is able to carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the
Company’s insider dealing policies, the terms of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model Code.


Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from January 1,
2024 up to the date of this annual report.



                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          231
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board currently comprises eleven members, consisting of one executive Director, one non-executive Director
and nine independent non-executive Directors.


During the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board
comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Director


Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent non-executive Directors*


Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Dr. Alessandro Riva
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders
Ms. Shalini Sharp
Mr. Qingqing Yi

*     On January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned from the Board to devote more time to his other commitments. The
      decision by Mr. Malley to resign was not the result of any disagreement with respect to the operations, policies, or practices
      of the Company. There is no matter in respect of Mr. Malley’s resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of
      shareholders of the Company or the HKEx. In connection with his resignation from the Board, Mr. Malley also resigned from
      the Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee of the Board.


      Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director.


      Effective September 27, 2024, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director.


      On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed away and ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director
      and the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board.




232     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


In 2024, the Board at all times met the requirements of the HK Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their
independence as regards the factors referred to in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the Company considers all
of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2026 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2027 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2025 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.


We undertook to the HKEx to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy to retire and seek re-election at
the next annual general meeting following their appointment. For details, please refer to our Prospectus.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          233
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT


The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.


The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement, views and input on
corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.




234    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD COMMITTEES


The Board has established five committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial and
Medical Affairs Advisory Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the HKEx.


Audit Committee


The Audit Committee’s roles and functions include:


•    appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
     public accounting firms;


•    approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
     independent registered public accounting firms;


•    reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
     management responsible for preparing our financial statements;


•    reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
     annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
     practices used by us;


•    reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;


•    establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
     complaints and concerns;


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEx and
     SSE;


•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
     as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;


•    preparing the Audit Committee report;


•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions;




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT      235
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
      filings with the SEC, HKEx and SSE; and


•     overseeing and managing the use of proceeds from STAR Offering.


As of the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee consists of four members, namely Ms. Shalini Sharp
(appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee effective September
27, 2024 and appointed as the chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025), Dr. Olivier Brandicourt
(appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee effective January 23,
2024), Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (ceased to serve as the chair of the Audit Committee effective March 1, 2025 but
remains as a member of the Audit Committee) and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Effective January 22, 2024,
Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Shalini Sharp, being the chair of
the Audit Committee, Anthony C. Hooper and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders are independent non-executive
Directors appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee held 14 meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024. Individual attendance of
each committee member is set out on page 245 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things,
the Audit Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management
systems of the Group. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards
of the SEC, the NASDAQ and the HKEx. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at
www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEx investors — Governance — Corporate Governance Information”
and the website of the HKEx. During 2024, the Audit Committee’s major work included reviewing the 2023 annual
report as well as the related results announcement, the 2024 interim report and interim results announcement,
and the 2024 quarterly financial reports, reviewing the external auditors’ plans, reports, fees, involvement in non-
audit services and their terms of engagement, and reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting
system, internal control systems and associated procedures.


Compensation Committee


The Compensation Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief
      Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of China, and Chief Financial
      Officer;


•     evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and General
      Manager of China, and Chief Financial Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives, reviewing
      and assessing the results of the most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation and
      recommending to the Board for approval their compensation based on that evaluation and vote results (to the
      extent the Compensation Committee deems appropriate);


•     reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers and key officers;




236    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    developing and implementing our overall management compensation and policy to align the interests of
     management with our shareholders’;


•    overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;


•    evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
     standards;


•    retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;


•    reviewing and approving matters relating to incentive-based compensation plans and equity-based plans;


•    reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;


•    reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;


•    overseeing and administering a compensation recovery policy including, without limitation, a policy designed
     to comply with any rules or regulations adopted by the SEC and NASDAQ pursuant to Section 10D of the
     Exchange Act;


•    periodically reviewing compliance of Directors and officers with the Company’s share ownership guidelines as
     may be in effect from time to time;


•    preparing the compensation committee report; and


•    reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis.


As of the date of this annual report, the Compensation Committee comprises Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Ranjeev
Krishana and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Margaret Han Dugan is the chair of the Compensation Committee.


Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024
are set out in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management ranges from HK$8,000,001 to HK$145,000,000.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           237
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Compensation Committee held eight meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024. Individual
attendance of each committee member is set out on page 245 of this annual report. During the meetings, the
Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on
determining the annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management. The Compensation
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at
www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Governance — Corporate Governance Information”
and the website of the HKEx. During 2024, the Compensation Committee’s major work included reviewing and
recommending to the Board in respect of the compensation policy and structure by benchmarking peer companies
with a similar scale to ensure that the Company’s compensation packages are competitive to recruit the best
talents in the industry and to retain key staff; reviewing and recommending to the Board on the compensation
packages for the directors; assessing performance; reviewing and approving adjustments to the compensation
packages for the senior managements; and reviewing and approving matters relating to incentive-based
compensation plans and equity-based plans (including the grants of share options and awards to employees and
Directors under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan and the purchase of Shares by employees under the
2018 ESPP and the Amended 2018 ESPP, which were made and announced by the Company during the Reporting
Period. In particular, in respect of the grants of share options and RSUs to the Directors and senior management
with vesting periods which may be less than 12 months during the Reporting Period, the Compensation Committee
is of the view that such arrangement is appropriate, in line with the market practice, and aligns with the purpose of
the Independent Director Compensation Policy and the Amended 2016 Plan as the share options and RSUs aim to
retain and motivate the Directors and senior management to provide their opinion and judgment to the Company
in building the strategy and long-term development of the Company. In respect of grants of share options and
RSUs to the Directors and senior management without performance targets and grants of RSUs to the Directors
without a clawback mechanism during the Reporting Period, the Compensation Committee is of the view that such
arrangement is market competitive, consistent with the Company’s remuneration policy and aligns with the purpose
of the Amended 2016 Plan.


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s roles and functions include:


•     developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;


•     establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
      recommended by shareholders;


•     identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;


•     recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
      committees;


•     developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines;




238    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management; and


•    reviewing and discussing with the Board corporate succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other
     key officers.


As of the date of this annual report, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Michael
Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (appointed as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
effective as of January 16, 2025), Dr. Alessandro Riva and Ms. Shalini Sharp (appointed as a member of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee effective as of January 16, 2025). Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the
chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed
away and ceased to serve as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held two meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 245 of this annual report. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available
on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Governance — Corporate Governance
Information” and the website of the HKEx. During 2024, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
members reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board, considered and made recommendations to
the Board on the director appointment, the re-election of the directors at the 2024 annual general meeting and
the board committee membership through acting by written consent. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee has also assessed the independence of the Directors, taking into account of the independence
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and the NASDAQ Listing Rules and reviewed and monitored
policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code.


Scientific Advisory Committee


The Scientific Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s research and development
     plans and programs;


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
     any research or development performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs;
     and


•    assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
     capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key scientific and technical personnel and
     the depth and breadth of the Company’s scientific resources.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         239
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Scientific Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Scientific Advisory
Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024. Individual attendance of each committee
member is set out on page 245 of this annual report. As of the date of this annual report. the Scientific Advisory
Committee comprises Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr.
Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Dr. Alessandro Riva, serve as the co-
chairs of the Scientific Advisory Committee. Effective January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley ceased to serve as a
member of the Scientific Advisory Committee. The Scientific Advisory Committee operates under a written charter
adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors
— Governance — Corporate Governance Information” and the website of the HKEx.


Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s commercial strategy and plans
      and competitiveness of the Company’s commercial programs;


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s medical affairs strategy and
      plans and competitiveness of the Company’s medical affairs programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any commercial and medical affairs performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation
      programs; and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key commercial and medical affairs
      personnel and the depth and breadth of the Company’s commercial and medical affairs resources.


The Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The
Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 245 of this annual report. As of the date of this
annual report, the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee comprises Dr. Olivier Brandicourt (appointed
as a member of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee effective March 19, 2024), Dr. Margaret
Han Dugan, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders. Mr. Anthony C.
Hooper is the chair of the Commercial and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee. The Commercial Medical Affairs
Advisory Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at
www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Governance — Corporate Governance Information” and
the website of the HKEx.




240    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD COMPOSITION POLICY


The Company’s Board Composition Policy sets out the Company’s approach to composition of the Board.
Pursuant to the Board Composition Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews annually
the structure, size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to
the Board. In reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers,
among other characteristics, the expertise, industry and regional experience, social background, tenure on the
Board, stances and other distinctions of board members and nominees. The Board Composition Policy further
provides that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will discuss and, where necessary, agree
on measurable objectives for achieving the right balance of varied skillsets and viewpoints on the Board and
recommend them to the Board for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the factors identified
above and to recruit a Director or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement. The Board has
achieved its goal of recruiting at least one female Director in 2020. In 2022 and 2024, the Board elected three new
female directors respectively. The Board is currently comprised of eleven directors, three of whom are female. The
Board Composition Policy is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors –
Governance — Corporate Governance Information.”


WORKFORCE GENDER DIVERSITY


As of December 31, 2024, the gender ratio of our employee workforce (including senior management) is 58.2%
female and 41.7% male. We support the attraction, retention and development of a strong workforce with a wide
range of skills, experiences, and perspectives in a variety of ways including offering flexible remote, hybrid, and
part-time opportunities where possible. We also maintain a total rewards structure that starts with a competitive
base salary and gives all colleagues opportunities for annual performance bonuses, equity grants, paid leave, and
other benefits, such as healthcare coverage, based on market needs. We continuously seek to expand our well-
being and mental health benefits and evaluate all benefits at least annually to ensure we are providing the best
possible offerings for our colleagues. These reviews help us make sure we are supporting our colleagues in all
life cycle stages and across all demographics and abilities. In our double materiality assessment completed in
December 2024, workforce diversity was not one of the top material issues identified. Going forward, we have since
aligned our responsible business & sustainability goals to reflect only those related to material topics.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT     241
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION POLICY


As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Composition Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria
that it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria
as it deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board for its consideration and approval
criteria for director candidates. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates.
The Board may, however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.


The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board Composition Policy and the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with
the Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director
and to fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party
search firms to identify director candidates. In 2024, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not
engage a third party search firm to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including,
among other things, the skills of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other
background characteristics, his or her independence and the needs of the Board.


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with respect to a fixed set
of specific minimum qualifications for its candidates for membership on the Board. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and Board may therefore consider a broad range of factors relating to the qualifications and
background of nominees, as set forth in the Board Composition Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members is identification of persons who will further the
interests of our shareholders through their established record of professional accomplishment, the ability to
contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board members, knowledge of our business, understanding
of the competitive landscape, and professional and personal experiences and relevant expertise.




242    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY SHAREHOLDERS


Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Articles
and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the
shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is
not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; (c) the candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background,
current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years; (d) a
description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board membership
approved by our Board; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and the
candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular for our next general
meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information regarding the
candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules and HK Listing
Rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or about the
shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including information
about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the candidate
and any such other beneficial owner. However, following the completion of our proposed Continuation, all such
information with respect to director nominations by shareholders should be sent to us at Aeschengraben 27, 21st
Floor, 4051 Basel, Switzerland, Attention: Secretary.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE


The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in
place effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board. The current composition of the Board comprises
nine independent non-executive Directors. The members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are all independent non-executive Directors, exceeding the
independence requirements under the HK Listing Rules. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors
are subject to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and
workload. The independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his/her appointment
and annually.


Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be
considered by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent
professional advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, whenever deemed
necessary. The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the
ability to devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.


The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-
executive Directors can express their views in an open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances
requires.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT      243
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY


The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, by, or of, its Directors, officers,
employees, agents or consultants or any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts
the anti-corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which may lead to or give the
appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct which is
clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary. The Company expects and encourages employees
of the Group and those who deal with the Group (e.g. suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to report to the
Company, in confidence, any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. The Audit
Committee receives quarterly reports on anti-corruption and significant compliance program activities.


The Company also adopts the whistleblowing policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting
possible improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in
the formal system. Any material improprieties related to the Company will be reported to the Audit Committee.


These policies are reviewed from time to time to time ensure their relevance and appropriateness to the Group’s
business, corporate strategy and stakeholder expectations.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing
policies, and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate
Governance Report. The Board has performed the above duties during the year ended December 31, 2024.




244     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS


The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings held
during the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out below.


                                                                        Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                                                        Commercial
                                                                                    Nominating                          and Medical
                                                                                 and Corporate             Scientific        Affairs
                                                        Audit   Compensation       Governance              Advisory        Advisory    Shareholder
Name of Director                          Board     Committee     Committee         Committee             Committee      Committee        Meeting


Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                           8/8          N/A            N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A             1/1
Non-executive Director:
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                           7/8          N/A            N/A                N/A                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt(1)                  8/8         13/14           N/A                N/A                   N/A            4/4            1/1
Dr. Margaret Han Dugan                      8/8          N/A             6/8               N/A                   4/4            4/4            1/1
Mr. Donald W. Glazer            (2)
                                            6/8          N/A            N/A                2/2                   N/A           N/A             1/1
Mr. Michael Goller                          8/8          N/A            N/A                2/2                   3/4           N/A             1/1
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                       8/8         14/14           N/A                2/2                   N/A            4/4            1/1
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                        8/8          N/A             8/8               N/A                   N/A            3/4            1/1
Mr. Thomas Malley         (3)
                                            N/A          1/14           N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A            N/A
Dr. Alessandro Riva                         8/8          N/A            N/A                2/2                   4/4           N/A             1/1
Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders             8/8         14/14           N/A                N/A                   4/4            4/4            0/1
Ms. Shalini Sharp   (4)
                                            1/8          3/14           N/A                N/A                   N/A           N/A            N/A
Mr. Qingqing Yi                             8/8          N/A             8/8               N/A                   2/2           N/A             1/1

Notes:


(1)       Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member
          of the Audit Committee; Effective March 19, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed as a member of the Commercial
          and Medical Affairs Advisory Committee.


(2)       On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed away and ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director
          and the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.


(3)       Effective as of January 22, 2024, Mr. Thomas Malley resigned as an independent non-executive Director and a member of
          the Audit Committee and the Scientific Advisory Committee.


(4)       Effective September 27, 2024, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member
          of the Audit Committee.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.               •      2024          ANNUAL REPORT             245
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with code provision C.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of
the Board and our only executive Director, also held meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors during the year ended December 31, 2024.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024.


The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2024 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS


The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.


The Company arranges a formal and comprehensive induction to a newly appointed Director to ensure that the
Director has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware of the director’s
responsibilities under the HK Listing Rules and SFO, and other legal and regulatory requirements.


The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the HK
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties. The Company also encourages the Directors to attend relevant training
courses provided by legal advisors and/or any appropriate institutions.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, Mr. John V. Oyler, Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Dr. Margaret
Han Dugan, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon
(Corsee) D. Sanders, Ms. Shalini Sharp and Mr. Qingqing Yi all participated in continuing professional development
regarding their duties and responsibilities as a director of a listed company which included reading materials and/or
attending training.




246    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Effective January 23, 2024, Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board. In January 2024, Dr. Olivier
Brandicourt participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, our legal
adviser as to Hong Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the HK Listing Rules and
the SFO. Dr. Olivier Brandicourt confirms that he (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of
the HK Listing Rules on January 12, 2024, and (ii) understands his obligations as a director of a listed issuer under
the HK Listing Rules.


Effective September 27, 2024, Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to the Board. In September 2024, Ms. Shalini
Sharp participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, our legal adviser as
to Hong Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the HK Listing Rules and the SFO.
Ms. Shalini Sharp confirms that she (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the HK Listing
Rules on August 20, 2024, and (ii) understands her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the HK Listing
Rules.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION


The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young, Ernst & Young LLP and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, in respect
of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, is set out below:


Services Category                                                                    Fees paid and payable
                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                     (US$’000)             (US$’000)


Audit services                                                                           8,053                 7,057
Non-audit services                                                                            –                   64


Total                                                                                    8,053                 7,121


Audit services consist of services for the audits of our financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting for SEC filings, quarterly review of financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, services related to the Company’s HKEx filings, services related to the Company’s STAR Market listing,
annual report filings and other statutory and regulatory filings.


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          247
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


Collaboration with Amgen


As disclosed in this annual report, on October 31, 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered into a collaboration agreement with Amgen, which became
effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”) and pursuant to which BeiGene and Amgen
agreed to enter into a strategic collaboration on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA®,
BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® (the “In-Line Products”) in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) and the
global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology
pipeline products (the “Pipeline Products”, together with the In-Line Products, the “Products”). Amgen is a
substantial shareholder holding approximately 17.8% of the issued share capital of the Company and, therefore,
a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. As a result, the transactions
contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s
oncology products XGEVA®, BLINCYTO® and KYPROLIS® in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) for
a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA® commencing following the transition of
operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we have the option to retain
one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties have agreed to
equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization period. After
expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be transitioned back to
Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China of each
product for an additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global development and commercialization of a portfolio of Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-
stage oncology pipeline products.. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we
and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene Switzerland contributing up to US$1.25 billion
worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. BeiGene will be eligible to receive
tiered mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China on a product-by-product and
country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory
exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20
years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.




248    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, BeiGene will have the right to commercialize the product
for seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, BeiGene
will have the right to retain approximately one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than
sotorasib (AMG 510), to commercialize for as long as each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the
seven-year commercialization period, each product will be transitioned back to Amgen and BeiGene will be eligible
to received tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years. The
parties are subject to specified exclusivity requirements in China and the rest of the world.


In connection with our ongoing assessment of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, we
determined that our further investment in the development of AMG 510 was no longer commercially viable for
BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i)
stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of AMG 510 during the period starting January 1, 2023
and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the termination of
AMG 510 from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Under Rule 14A.52 of the HK Listing Rules, the period of an agreement for a continuing connected transaction
must be fixed. However, the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement is for an unspecified term as it will, unless
terminated in accordance with its terms, remain in effect. Under Rule 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, an annual
cap in monetary terms must be set for a continuing connected transaction. The Company applied for, and the HKEx
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rules 14A.52 and 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, subject to the
following conditions:


(a)   the Company will comply with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules if there are any material changes to the terms of the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement;


(b)   the Company’s independent non-executive directors from time to time will ensure that the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement are undertaken in accordance with its terms;


(c)   the Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company will use his best endeavours to supervise
      the compliance with the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreements and applicable HK Listing Rules
      requirements to the extent not waived by the HKEx on a regular basis;


(d)   the independent non-executive directors and the auditors of the Company will review the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement on an annual basis and confirm in the Company’s annual
      reports the matters set out in Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, respectively; and


(e)   in the event of any future amendments to the HK Listing Rules imposing more stringent requirements than
      those as at the date of the announcement published by the Company on November 1, 2019 via the HKEx, the
      Company will take immediate steps to ensure compliance with such new requirements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT       249
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the transaction amounts arising from the costs and revenues of
the commercialization of the products and the royalties to be received by the Company shall be determined in
accordance with the below formulae:


(a)   Caps in relation to the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products


      The Company and Amgen will share equally in the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products
      in China in accordance with the following formula:


      Net profit to be received/net loss to be bore by the Company = 50% x (net revenue of the relevant Product –
      manufacturing actual costs – commercialization and related costs)


(b)   Caps in relation to royalties


      •     Global Ex-China Royalties


            During the applicable Global Pipeline Royalty Term (the period beginning on the first commercial sale
            of a Pipeline Product in a country (other than China) and expiring on the latest of (i) the expiration of
            the last valid patent claim, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or (iii) the earlier of (x) eight years
            after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale or (y) 20 years from the date of first
            commercial sale of the product anywhere in the world), the Company will be eligible to receive tiered
            mid-single digit royalties on global net sales outside of China on a sliding scale for each Pipeline Product
            (other than AMG 510) in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = incremental annual global net revenue of the relevant Pipeline Product outside
            China x the applicable royalty rate


      •     China Royalties


            During the applicable five-year period beginning on the return of a Product to Amgen, the Company will
            be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China on a sliding
            scale for each Product returned to Amgen in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = annual net revenue of the relevant returned Product in China x the applicable
            royalty rate




250       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company will receive from Amgen quarterly financial information
regarding the royalty calculation and the Company is entitled to specified audit right.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company’s payment obligations, whether in cash or in kind,
towards the development of the Pipeline Products shall be subject to an aggregate maximum of US$1.25 billion.
The Company will also share in the costs of developing additional indications for the In-Line products in China,
subject to an annual maximum contribution by the Company of US$12.5 million and an aggregate maximum of
US$37.5 million over the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


Confirmation from Our Independent Non-executive Directors


Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing
Connected Transactions”) contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, and confirmed the Continuing
Connected Transactions have been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b)
on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) the terms of the Continuing Connected Transactions are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of our shareholders as a whole.


Confirmation from Auditor


To comply with Rule 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young (the “Auditor”) to
conduct certain procedures in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2024, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard
on Assurance Engagement 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the HKICPA. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the
Board that, with respect to the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2024: (a) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to
believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions have not been approved by the Board; (b) for transactions
involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes them
to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the
Group; and (c) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Continuing Connected
Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
such transactions.


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


We have entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing
connected transaction, as disclosed in this annual report.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT       251
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Grants of RSUs to Directors


On June 5, 2024, following the approval of the independent shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting, the
Company granted RSUs representing 37,728 ADSs and PSUs representing 37,728 ADSs upon target vesting of
100% (75,456 ADSs upon maximum vesting of 200%) to Mr. John V. Oyler, RSUs representing 8,384 ADSs to Dr.
Xiaodong Wang, and RSUs representing 1,257 ADSs to each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely,
Dr. Olivier Brandicourt, Dr. Margaret Han Dugan, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper,
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Dr. Alessandro Riva, Dr. Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders, and Mr. Qingqing Yi under the 2016
Plan, the total number of such underlying Shares amounting to 1,236,989 Shares. Each grantee was a director of
the Company at the date of the grant, and therefore a connected person of the Company. The awards are granted,
among other terms, for nil consideration, and represents the right to receive one Share on the date it vests. Such
grants are part of the Company’s compensation program and aim to retain and motivate the Directors to participate
in the formulation of strategy and long-term development of the Company.


For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated April 16, 2024 and June 12, 2024 and
the circular of the Company dated April 26, 2024.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


We have established an employee participation program, which allowed certain executive officers and qualified
employees of our PRC subsidiaries to indirectly participate in the STAR Offering and purchase certain RMB Shares
through an asset management plan administrated by China International Capital Corporation Limited (“RMB Shares
Employee Participation Plan”). The RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan participated in the STAR Offering as
a strategic investor and purchased 2,069,546 RMB Shares in the STAR Offering for an aggregate purchase price of
RMB399.43 million pursuant to a strategic investor placement agreement. The RMB Shares Employee Participation
Plan has 137 individual participants, including two of our executive officers, Xiaobin Wu and Lai Wang. Dr. Wu and
Dr. Wang invested RMB15 million and RMB10 million, respectively, in the RMB Shares Employee Participation Plan.


Details of other related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in Note
26 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.


None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the applicable disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.




252    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS


The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.


We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.


We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management and internal control policies in various
aspects.


Financial Reporting Risk Management


As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.


Information System Risk Management


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          253
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Human Resources Risk Management


We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.


In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.


We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy


With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a Board-
approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed annually
by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date have
been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit Committee. There
have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.




254    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:


•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;


•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;


•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and


•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.


We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting annually to ensure
that our internal control system is effective and adequate in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved
in our business operations. We also maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the
effectiveness of internal control and reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies


Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.


Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information
(including inside information). All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of
Conduct. Future Directors, officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning
service at the Company. All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their
review and agreement to comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the
supervision of our Board or a committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the
Code of Conduct, and (ii) when appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of
the Code of Conduct.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT       255
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Handling and Disseminating Inside Information


The Group has adopted adequate and effective internal control measures to regulate dealings with and the
dissemination of inside information. These measures also serve to prohibit the unauthorized access to and use of
inside information, and to ensure that dealings with and the dissemination of inside information by the Group meets
the requirements of the SFO.


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems


For the year ended December 31, 2024, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate. Such review covers
the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of our accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to our ESG performance and reporting, and the
matters covered in code provision D.2.3 of the Corporate Governance Code.


COMPANY SECRETARY


Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial matters
and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s primary
contact person within the Company is Mr. Chan Lee, Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the HK Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders and Putting Forward Proposals at General
Meetings


Pursuant to articles 61 and 62 of our Articles, an extraordinary general meeting of our Company shall be convened
on a members’ requisition put forth by our shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate
not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of such of the issued Shares as at that date of the deposit carries the
right of voting at general meetings of our Company. The requisition must state the object of the meeting, set forth a
form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the meeting and must be signed by the
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit
of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene
a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months after the
expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.




256    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details


The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94
Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.
However, following the completion of the Continuation, all shareholder communication should be sent to us at
Aeschengraben 27, 21st Floor, 4051 Basel, Switzerland, Attention: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.


For a shareholder’s communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the
Board, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail
or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris
Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director]. However,
following the completion of the Continuation, all shareholder communication should be sent to us at Aeschengraben
27, 21st Floor, 4051 Basel, Switzerland, Attention: [Name of Individual Director].


Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements. The Board of Directors has adopted a Securityholder
Communications Policy, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX Investors
— Governance — Corporate Governance Information”.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has established
a range of communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These
include (i) the Company’s securityholder communication policy providing every securityholder the ability to
communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual directors on the Board through an established process
for securityholder communication; (ii) the publication of interim and annual reports and/or dispatching circulars,
notices, and other announcements; (iii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary general meeting providing a
forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views with the Board; (iv) updated and key information
of the Group available on the Company’s website and HKEx’s website; (v) the Company’s share registrar in Hong
Kong serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters; and (vi) convening investor meeting and/
or analyst briefings, which led by our senior managements and investor relations team with existing and potential
investors.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2024   ANNUAL REPORT      257
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of its securityholders’ communication policy
for the year ended 31 December 2024, including the steps taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries
received and the multiple communication channels in place. The Company is of the view that the policy is effective
and has been properly implemented.


With the expansion of paperless listing regime and electronic dissemination of corporate communications
coming into effect on December 31, 2023, the Company will disseminate the future corporate communications
of the Company (“Corporate Communications”) to its shareholders electronically and only send Corporate
Communications in printed form upon request. For details of arrangement for dissemination of Corporate
Communications, please refer to the Company’s Notification Letters filed with HKEx on February 28, 2024 or visit
the Company’s website at www.beigene.com.


Notwithstanding the above, to the extent required under applicable rules, including rules of the SEC, the Company
will mail printed copies of proxy materials for general meetings of shareholders, including Proxy Statement/Circular
and Annual Report on Form 10-K.


The Company endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual
general meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming 2025 annual general meeting, Directors (or their
delegates as appropriate) will be available in person or via teleconference to meet shareholders and answer their
enquiries.


CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS


The Company has not made any changes to its Articles during the Reporting Period. As announced on August
7, 2024, in connection with the Continuation, the Company proposed to adopt the Proposed Swiss Articles in
compliance with the laws of Switzerland to replace the Articles, subject to the conditions precedent set out in the
continuation announcement dated August 7, 2024 and the circular for the EGM dated March 7, 2025.




258    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of BeiGene, Ltd.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 264 to 348, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2024,
and the consolidated statement of operations, the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss, the consolidated
statement of shareholders’ equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes
to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”
or “GAAP”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


Basis for opinion


We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
“Code”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters


Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          259
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters (continued)


 Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Product revenue, net

 The Company recorded revenue rebates and                    Our audit procedures included, among others, the
 sales returns amounting to US$1,007 million in the          following:
 consolidated statement of operations for the year
 ended 31 December 2024, 78% of which was related            We evaluated and tested the design and the operating
 to sales chargebacks, rebates, returns and other            effectiveness of internal controls over the Company’s
 deductions arising from the sale of products in the         process used in determining the measurement and
 United States.                                              completeness of accrued revenue rebates in the
                                                             United States;
 The Company recognizes revenue when the transfer
 of control of goods or services to the customer is          We examined terms and conditions for a sample of
 completed. To determine the appropriate transaction         contracts with the Company’s customers and others
 price at the time revenue is recognized, the                in the distribution channel, tested a sample of credits
 Company estimates variable consideration related to         issued and payments made throughout the year, and
 chargebacks, rebates, trade discounts and allowances,       agreed rebate rates applied to the underlying contract
 and other incentives that will ultimately be due to         terms;
 the customer and others in the distribution channel
 under the terms of their contracts. Where appropriate,      We tested the accuracy and completeness of the
 these estimates take into consideration, among other        underlying data used in determining revenue rebates
 items, the Company’s historical experience, current         and evaluated the assumptions and inputs used by
 contractual and statutory requirements, channel             management.
 inventory levels, and forecasted customer buying
 and payment patterns. The Company recognizes                We performed analytical procedures in combination
 revenue related to variable consideration to the extent     with confirmations of a sample of the inventory
 it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will     remained in the distribution channel at the year end;
 not occur and estimates variable consideration from
 rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,       We performed lookback analysis to evaluate the
 and other incentives using the expected value method.       historical accuracy of the accrued revenue rebates
                                                             estimates by comparing prior period accrued revenue
 Auditing the Company’s accrued revenue rebates and          rebates to the amount of actual payments made in
 sales returns in the United States is challenging due       subsequent periods;
 to the extent of effort required to audit the significant
 number of United States-based rebate programs,              We checked the invoices received subsequently and
 as the terms vary by program and by customer.               compared with the accrued revenue rebates at the
 Additionally, due to the volume of rebates and third-       year end;
 party processes and the timing of invoicing received
 from vendors, the actual amounts incurred for all           We performed substantive analytical procedures on the
 programs are not known at the time the financial            revenue rebate accruals using actual rebate invoicing
 statements are prepared. Therefore, we considered           and executed third-party contracts and assessed
 this as a key audit matter.                                 forecasted customer buying and payment patterns
                                                             based on historical trends.
 Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial
 statements under the caption “Revenue Recognition”          We reviewed the sufficiency and completeness of the
 for accounting policies and note 15 for the disclosures     disclosures of revenue recognition in the notes to the
 related to revenue recognition.                             consolidated financial statements.


260    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Other information included in the Annual Report


The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT       261
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements


Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
      that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




262    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
     information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
     consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
     work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit.




Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
March 27, 2025




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          263
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                         Note       2024                2023
                                                                 US$’000              US$’000


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                     2,627,410         3,171,800
  Accounts receivable, net                                6      676,278              358,027
  Inventories, net                                        7      494,986              416,122
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets              12      192,919              257,465


Total current assets                                            3,991,593         4,203,414


Non-current assets:
  Property, plant and equipment, net                      9     1,578,423         1,324,154
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                     8      139,309               95,207
  Intangible assets, net                                 10       51,095               57,138
  Other non-current assets                               12      160,490              125,362


Total non-current assets                                        1,929,317         1,601,861


Total assets                                                    5,920,910         5,805,275


Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                       13      404,997              315,111
  Accrued expenses and other payables                    12      803,713              693,731
  Tax payable                                            11       25,930               22,951
  Operating lease liabilities, current portion            8       17,576               21,950
  Research and development cost share liability,
      current portion                                     3      111,154               68,004
  Short-term debt                                        14      851,529              688,366


Total current liabilities                                       2,214,899         1,810,113




264      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)


                                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                  Note                    2024                 2023
                                                                                     US$’000               US$’000


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term debt                                                   14                  166,484              197,618
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                 8                    44,277               22,251
  Deferred tax liabilities                                         11                   42,007               16,494
  Research and development cost share liability,
     non-current portion                                           3                    54,286              170,662
  Other long-term liabilities                                      12                   66,735               50,810


Total non-current liabilities                                                          373,789              457,835


Total liabilities                                                                  2,588,688              2,267,948


Commitments and contingencies                                      23


Shareholders’ equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
     9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,387,367,704
     and 1,359,513,224 shares issued and outstanding
     as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively                                        138                  135
  Additional paid-in capital                                                      12,087,908          11,598,688
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                             19                (148,988)               (99,446)
  Accumulated deficit                                                              (8,606,836)            (7,962,050)


Total shareholders’ equity                                                         3,332,222              3,537,327


Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                         5,920,910              5,805,275




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2024      ANNUAL REPORT         265
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                    2024             2023
                                                                                    US$’000             US$’000


Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                             15              3,779,546          2,189,852
  Collaboration revenue                                            3                  30,695            268,927


Total revenues                                                                     3,810,241          2,458,779


Cost of sales – product                                                              594,089            379,920


Gross profit                                                                       3,216,152          2,078,859
Operating expenses
  Research and development                                                         1,953,295          1,778,594
  Selling, general and administrative                                              1,831,056          1,508,001


  Total operating expenses                                                         3,784,351          3,286,595


Loss from operations                                                                (568,199)         (1,207,736)
  Interest income, net                                                                47,836             74,009
  Other (expense) income, net                                      5                 (12,638)           307,891


Loss before income taxes                                                            (533,001)           (825,836)
  Income tax expense                                               11                111,785             55,872


Net loss                                                                            (644,786)           (881,708)


Net loss per share (in US$)                                        17                     (0.47)           (0.65)


Weighted-average shares outstanding – basic and diluted            17          1,368,746,793       1,357,034,547


Net loss per American Depositary Share (“ADS”) (in US$)                                   (6.12)           (8.45)


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding – basic and diluted                           105,288,215         104,387,273




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



266    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                     2024             2023
                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000


Net loss                                                                             (644,786)        (881,708)
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax of nil:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments                         19                  (47,565)           (25,464)
  Pension liability adjustments, net                               22                     (1,942)          (5,611)
  Unrealized holding (loss) gain, net                              19                        (35)          9,046


Comprehensive loss                                                                   (694,328)        (903,737)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024      ANNUAL REPORT      267
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                             Note         2024                 2023
                                                                      US$’000           US$’000


Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss                                                            (644,786)         (881,708)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used
  in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                171,762            87,675
  Share-based compensation expense                           18        441,618           367,618
  Acquired in-process research and development                3         60,000            46,800
  Amortization of research and development cost
      share liability                                         3        (73,226)           (55,294)
  Unrealized losses on long-term investments                  5         24,022            16,221
  Deferred income tax expense                                           25,983                  689
  Gain on BMS termination settlement                                          –         (362,917)
  Other items, net                                                      11,163                (5,998)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                 (329,443)         (188,306)
  Inventories                                                          (91,496)         (140,948)
  Other assets                                                          45,126            12,120
  Accounts payable                                                     121,497            21,484
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                  111,354           180,111
  Deferred revenue                                                         633          (255,587)
  Other liabilities                                                    (14,838)                 587


Net cash used in operating activities                                 (140,631)        (1,157,453)


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment                          (492,663)         (561,896)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of short-term investments               2,655           673,240
  Purchase of in-process research and development                      (31,800)           (15,000)
  Purchase of intangible assets                              10          (4,674)          (19,365)
  Purchase of long-term investments                           5        (19,006)           (14,900)
  Other investing activities                                             (2,862)              (2,075)


Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                   (548,350)           60,004




268      BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  Note                    2024              2023
                                                                                    US$’000           US$’000


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from long-term loan                                     14                     9,053           22,502
  Repayment of long-term loan                                      14                  (28,031)           (13,690)
  Proceeds from short-term loans                                   14                  868,270        661,530
  Repayment of short-term loans                                    14               (704,216)         (309,576)
  Proceeds from option exercises and employee share
    purchase plan                                                                       45,373            55,712
  Other financing activities                                                              3,000                 –


Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                    193,449        416,478


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                           (51,705)            (8,082)


Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                         (547,237)         (689,053)


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                     3,185,984         3,875,037


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                           2,638,747         3,185,984


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                        2,627,410         3,171,800
  Short-term restricted cash                                                              9,312           11,473
  Long-term restricted cash                                                               2,025            2,711
  Income taxes paid                                                                     69,430            56,003
  Interest paid                                                                         51,175            19,753


Supplemental non-cash activities:
  Accruals for capital expenditures                                                     70,314            91,804
  Purchase of in-process research and development included
    in accounts payable                                                                 60,000            31,800




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024      ANNUAL REPORT      269
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY



                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                  Additional            Other
                                                                     Ordinary Shares                 Paid-In    Comprehensive     Accumulated
                                                                    Shares             Amount        Capital             Loss          Deficit        Total
                                                                                       US$’000      US$’000           US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


Balance at December 31, 2022                                  1,356,140,180               135     11,540,979           (77,417)     (7,080,342)   4,383,355


Issuance of shares reserved for share option exercises              84,227                   –             –                 –               –            –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs                   26,561,925                  2        53,006                  –               –      53,008
Cancellation of ordinary shares                                 (23,273,108)                (2)     (362,915)                –               –     (362,917)
Share-based compensation                                                  –                  –      367,618                  –               –     367,618
Other comprehensive loss                                                  –                  –             –           (22,029)              –      (22,029)
Net loss                                                                  –                  –             –                 –        (881,708)    (881,708)


Balance at December 31, 2023                                  1,359,513,224               135     11,598,688           (99,446)     (7,962,050)   3,537,327


Use of shares reserved for share option exercises                (2,258,161)                 –             –                 –               –            –
Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs                   30,112,641                  3        45,550                  –               –      45,553
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary                                           –                  –         2,052                 –               –       2,052
Share-based compensation                                                  –                  –      441,618                  –               –     441,618
Other comprehensive loss                                                  –                  –             –           (49,542)              –      (49,542)
Net loss                                                                  –                  –             –                 –        (644,786)    (644,786)


Balance at December 31, 2024                                  1,387,367,704               138     12,087,908          (148,988)     (8,606,836)   3,332,222




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



270         BEIGENE, LTD.                  •        2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS


     BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”, “BeiGene”, “it”, “its”) is a leading global oncology company discovering and
     developing innovative treatments that are more accessible and affordable to cancer patients worldwide. In
     2024, the Company generated total global revenue of approximately US$3.8 billion, increasing revenue by
     approximately US$1.4 billion from the prior year, while reducing its operating loss from the prior year by
     approximately US$0.6 billion.


     Since its inception in 2010, the Company has become a fully integrated global organization with more than
     11,000 employees worldwide.


     As of December 31, 2024, the Company had the following principal subsidiaries:


                                                                           Particulars of   Percentage of
                                                                          issued/paid-in    Ownership by
     Name of Company                      Place of Incorporation                 capital    the Company     Principal Activities and Place of Operation


     BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd.          PRC*                         RMB2,722,787,023            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                              development, PRC
     BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics          PRC*                        RMB15,913,108,600            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
         Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                                                              and development, manufacturing and
         (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”)                                                                        commercialization, PRC
     BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.         PRC*                         RMB1,434,344,310            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                              development, PRC
     BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.           PRC*                         RMB4,273,218,389            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                              manufacturing and commercialization, PRC
     BeiGene (Shanghai) Research &        PRC*                          RMB620,000,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                development, PRC
     BeiGene USA, Inc.)                   Delaware, United States                 USD1             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                              and commercialization, U.S.
     BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd                  Australia                      USD56,947,230             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
                                                                                                              and commercialization, Australia
     BeiGene Switzerland GmbH             Switzerland                        CHF20,000             100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and development
         (“BeiGene Switzerland”)                                                                              and commercialization, Switzerland
     BeiGene Hopewell                     New Jersey, United States     USD683,693,128             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research and
         Urban Renewal, LLC                                                                                   development and manufacturing, U.S.

     *         Limited liability company established in PRC


     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
     affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Company. To give
     details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.             •     2024       ANNUAL REPORT                      271
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


      Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation


      The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All
      significant intercompany transactions and balances between the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
      are eliminated upon consolidation.


      Use of Estimates


      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures
      of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
      revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include, but
      are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration in product
      sales and collaboration revenue arrangements, identifying separate accounting units and the standalone
      selling price of each performance obligation in the Company’s revenue arrangements, assessing the
      impairment of long-lived assets, valuation and recognition of share-based compensation expenses, estimating
      uncertain tax positions, valuation of inventory, estimating the allowance for credit losses, determining defined
      benefit pension plan obligations, measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and the fair value
      of financial instruments. Management bases the estimates on historical experience, known trends and
      various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
      judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency and foreign currency gains and losses

      The Company uses the U.S. dollar (“US$” or U.S. dollar) as its reporting currency. Transactions in subsidiaries
      are recorded in the functional currency of the respective subsidiary and such transactions denominated
      in currencies other than the functional currency give rise to foreign exchange remeasurement (monetary
      assets and liabilities) and related gains and losses that are classified in other (expense) income, net in the
      consolidated statement of operations. The determination of functional currency is based on the criteria of
      Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters . For those periods presented,
      the Company has not entered into any foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge its foreign currency
      positions.




272    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation (Continued)


     Foreign currency translation

     For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
     rate for the period and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date to translate the operating results and
     financial position to the U.S. dollar, which is the Company’s reporting currency. Translation differences are
     recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity.


     Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
     withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
     three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
     of money market funds are stated at fair value.


     Restricted cash

     Restricted cash primarily consists of RMB-denominated cash deposits pledged in designated bank accounts
     as collateral for bank loans and letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-
     current based on the term of the restriction.


     In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
     the proceeds from the STAR offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
     offering prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved by
     its board of directors.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         273
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses


      Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of trade discounts and allowances
      as well as an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses reflects the Company’s current
      estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the receivables. The Company considers
      various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for credit losses including the aging
      of receivables and aging trends, customer creditworthiness and specific exposures related to particular
      customers. The Company also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country
      specific risks and economic factors that may affect a customer’s ability to pay in establishing and adjusting its
      allowance for credit losses. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection efforts have ceased.


      Inventory


      Prior to the regulatory approval of product candidates, the Company may incur costs for the manufacture
      of drug product to support the commercial launch of those products. Until the date at which regulatory
      approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, all such costs are recorded as research and
      development expenses as incurred.


      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost determined in a manner that
      approximates weighted average cost. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes
      down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable
      value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The determination of
      whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates of future prices by management. If actual market
      conditions are less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be
      required, which would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.


      Investments


      The Company’s investments consist of available-for-sale debt securities, convertible note instruments, public
      equity securities with readily determinable fair values, private equity securities without readily determinable
      fair values, and equity-method investments. The classification of an investment is determined based on the
      nature of the investment, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the investment, and the degree to which the
      Company may exercise influence over the investee.




274    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Investments (Continued)


     •    Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net
          of tax, reported in other comprehensive loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified as
          available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such
          amortization is computed using the effective interest method and included in interest income. Interest
          and dividends are included in interest income. Available-for-sale debt securities with original maturities
          greater than three months at the date of purchase and less than one year from the date of the balance
          sheet are classified as short-term. Available-for-sale debt securities with maturities beyond one year
          may be classified as short-term marketable securities due to their highly liquid nature and because they
          represent the Company’s investments that are available for current operations.


     •    Convertible note instruments are recorded using the fair value option method of accounting.
          Accordingly, convertible note instruments are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis, with any
          changes in the fair value option recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Public equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded at fair value. Subsequent
          changes in fair value are recorded in other (expense) income, net. Derivative financial instruments
          to purchase public equity securities are recorded at fair value. The estimated fair value of derivative
          financial instruments is determined based on the Black-Scholes valuation model. Changes in fair value
          of derivative instruments are recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Private equity securities without readily determinable fair values and where the Company does not have
          significant influence are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting
          from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the
          same issuer. Adjustments to private equity securities are recorded in other (expense) income, net.


     •    Equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock where the Company has significant
          influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee are accounted for as equity-method
          investments. Equity-method investments are initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted
          based on the Company’s percentage ownership in the investee’s income and expenses, as well as
          dividends, if any. The Company records its share of the investee’s results of operations in other (expense)
          income, net. The Company records impairment losses on our equity method investments if it deems
          the impairment to be other-than-temporary. The Company deems an impairment to be other-than-
          temporary based on various factors, including but not limited to, the length of time the fair value is below
          the carrying value and ability to retain the investment to allow for a recovery in fair value.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT        275
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Investments (Continued)


      Realized gains or losses on sales of investments are determined based on the specific identification method.


      The Company regularly evaluates its investments in debt and equity for impairment. The Company recognizes
      an allowance on available-for-sale debt securities when a portion of the unrealized loss is attributable to a
      credit loss and a corresponding credit loss in net income. No allowance for credit losses were recorded for
      any periods presented. The Company recognized an impairment loss of US$7,635,000 and US$7,529,000
      related to its investments in equity during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.


      Property, Plant and Equipment


      Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property,
      plant and equipment, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated using the straight-line
      method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                                         Useful Lives


      Building                                                                                                20 years
      Manufacturing equipment                                                                            3 to 10 years
      Laboratory Equipment                                                                                3 to 5 years
      Software, Electronic and Office Equipment                                                           3 to 5 years
      Leasehold Improvements                                                        Lesser of useful life or lease term


      The Company periodically evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the
      estimated useful lives of its long-lived assets may require reassessment.


      Leases


      The Company applies ASC, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) to account for its leases. The Company
      determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-
      lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component based on the Company’s policy
      election to combine lease and non-lease components for its leases. Leases are classified as operating or
      finance leases in accordance with the recognition criteria in ASC 842-20-25. The Company’s lease portfolio
      consists entirely of operating leases as of December 31, 2024. The Company’s leases do not contain any
      material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.




276    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Leases (Continued)


     At the commencement date of a lease, the Company determines the classification of the lease based on the
     relevant factors present and records a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and lease liability. ROU assets represent
     the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make
     lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are calculated as the present value
     of the lease payments not yet paid. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded
     from the ROU asset and lease liability calculations and are recognized in expense in the period which the
     obligation for those payments is incurred. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not typically readily
     available, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
     commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This incremental borrowing rate
     reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease
     payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. ROU assets include
     any lease prepayments and are reduced by lease incentives. Operating lease expense for lease payments is
     recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease terms are based on the non-cancelable term
     of the lease and may contain options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will
     exercise that option.


     Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities on the
     consolidated balance sheet. Lease liabilities that become due within one year of the balance sheet date are
     classified as current liabilities.


     Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
     Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


     Land Use Right, Net


     All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for
     a specified period of time. Land use rights represent operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. The
     purchase price of land use rights represents lease prepayments to the PRC government and is recorded as an
     operating lease ROU asset on the balance sheet. The ROU asset is amortized over the remaining lease term.
     As of December 31, 2024, the Company held land use rights in the following regions:


                                                                                                              Terms


     Guangzhou                                                                                              50 years
     Beijing                                                                                                36 years
     Suzhou                                                                                                 30 years
     Shanghai                                                                                               47 years




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          277
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Intangible Assets


      Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
      and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
      business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on their
      relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Intangible assets associated with milestone payments
      made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are recorded at cost. Identifiable intangible assets
      consist of post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization agreements, that are
      amortized over the remainder of the product patent or the term of the commercialization agreements; and
      trading licenses that are amortized over the initial license term.


      Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
      could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
      Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
      assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
      disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets,
      the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over
      their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be generated
      by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and
      2023, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its other intangible assets.


      Impairment of Long-Lived Assets


      Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
      disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
      indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
      carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, there was
      no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.




278    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements


     Fair value of financial instruments

     The Company applies ASC topic 820 (“ASC 820”), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, in measuring
     fair value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires
     disclosures to be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
     which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


     Level 1 — Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
                markets.


     Level 2 — Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


     Level 3 — Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


     ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1) market
     approach; (2) income approach; and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
     information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
     income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
     measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
     The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          279
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

      The following tables set forth assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2024 and
      2023:


                                                                    Quoted Price       Significant
                                                                         in Active          Other        Significant
                                                                       Market for     Observable      Unobservable
                                                                  Identical Assets          Inputs           Inputs
      As of December 31, 2024                                            (Level 1)       (Level 2)         (Level 3)
                                                                         US$’000         US$’000           US$’000


      Cash equivalents:
        Money market funds                                                950,704                –                –
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets:
        Convertible debt instrument                                             –                –              618
      Other non-current assets:
        Equity securities with readily determinable fair values             2,113              168                –
        Convertible debt instrument                                             –                –            4,616


      Total                                                               952,817              168            5,234


                                                                     Quoted Price       Significant
                                                                         in Active           Other       Significant
                                                                       Market for      Observable     Unobservable
                                                                  Identical Assets          Inputs           Inputs
      As of December 31, 2023                                            (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)
                                                                         US$’000         US$’000           US$’000


      Cash equivalents
        Money market funds                                              1,052,149                –                –
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets:
        U.S. Treasury securities                                            2,600                –                –
        Convertible debt instrument                                             –                –            4,668
      Other non-current assets:
        Equity securities with readily determinable fair values             3,046              542                –
        Convertible debt instrument                                             –                –            4,215


      Total                                                             1,057,795              542            8,883



280     BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


     Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

     The Company’s cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with original maturities of 3 months or less. The
     Company’s investments in U.S. Treasury securities are classified as available-for-sale debt securities. The
     Company determines the fair value of cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities using a market
     approach based on quoted prices in active markets.


     The Company’s equity securities carried at fair value consist of holdings in common stock and warrants
     to purchase additional shares of common stock of Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (“Leap”), a publicly-traded
     biotechnology company. The common stock investment is measured and carried at fair value and classified
     as a Level 1 investment. The warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock are measured using
     the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model and classified as a Level 2 investment. Refer to Note 5,
     Investments for details of the determination of the carrying amount of private equity investments without
     readily determinable fair values and equity method investments.


     The Company holds convertible notes issued by private biotech companies. The Company has elected
     the fair value option method of accounting for the convertible notes. Accordingly, the convertible notes
     are remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs, with any changes in the fair value
     option recorded in other (expense) income, net. The Company recorded losses on fair value adjustments of
     US$4,842,000 and US$1,492,000 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.


     There were no transfers of instruments between levels of valuation categories during the years ended
     December 31, 2024 and 2023.


     As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company held time deposits of nil and US$42,852,000, respectively,
     that were classified as cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair values of cash and cash
     equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and short-term debt approximated their
     carrying values due to their short-term nature. Long-term debt approximates its fair value due to the fact
     that the related interest rates approximate the rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt
     instrument of comparable maturities.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          281
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Revenue Recognition


      The Company applies ASC, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”) to account for
      its revenue transactions.


      Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
      services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
      goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
      the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
      (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
      consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
      (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
      the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
      entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.


      Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
      the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
      obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
      allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


      Product Revenue

      In the U.S. and EU, the Company generates product revenues from the sale of BRUKINSA® and TEVIMBRA®.
      In China, the Company generates product revenues from the sale of its internally developed drugs TEVIMBRA,
      BRUKINSA and PARTRUVIX®, and the sale of in-licensed products through its agreements with Amgen,
      BMS, Bio-Thera, EUSA Pharma and Luye Pharmaceutical. Under the commercial profit share arrangement
      with Amgen, the Company is the principal for in-licensed product sales to customers in China during the
      commercialization period and recognizes 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to
      Amgen for its portion of net product sales are recorded as cost of sales.


      In the U.S., the Company distributes its products through specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors. The
      specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors subsequently resell the product to health care providers and
      patients. In the EU, the Company distributes its products through distributors or directly to hospitals. In China,
      the Company sells its internally developed products to multiple distributors, who in turn sell the product
      to hospitals or pharmacies within their authorized territories to be sold ultimately to patients. In-licensed
      products are sold to a first tier distributor who subsequently resells the products to second tier distributors
      who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients.




282    BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition (Continued)


     Product Revenue (Continued)

     The Company is the principal under the product sales as the Company controls the products with the ability
     to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the products before they are sold
     to the customer. For product sales transactions, the Company has a single performance obligation which is
     to sell the products to its customer. The Company includes variable consideration in the transaction price
     to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and estimates variable consideration
     from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives
     using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when the
     single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the customer. The Company’s payment terms
     are approximately 30-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the
     Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual
     results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which
     would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


     Estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale include government
     and commercial rebates, provisions for acceptance of National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) pricing in
     the PRC, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives that
     are offered within contracts between the Company and its customers, health care providers and other indirect
     customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible outcomes that
     are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as the Company’s historical experience, current contractual
     and statutory requirements, channel inventory levels, specific known market events and trends, industry data
     and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. The Company bases its sales returns allowance on
     estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by third-party sources, and actual returns
     history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. To date, sales returns have not been significant.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT        283
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Revenue Recognition (Continued)


      Collaboration Revenue

      At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
      the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements
      involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
      exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
      collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
      determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
      are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
      of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
      is determined and applied consistently.


      In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
      agreements, the Company performs the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.


      The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
      obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
      development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
      return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
      assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
      identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
      Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
      of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
      each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
      good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
      received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
      customers.


      Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
      property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
      in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from non-
      refundable up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
      licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.


      Options to License Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for options to license the
      Company’s intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the option represents a material right and is
      distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For options determined to be
      a material right and distinct, the Company defers the non-refundable up-front fees allocated to the option
      and recognizes revenues at a point in time, at the earlier of when the option is exercised or the option period
      expires.



284    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition (Continued)


     Collaboration Revenue (Continued)

     Right to Access Intellectual Property during the Option Period: The portion of a transaction price allocated
     to the other parties right to access the Company’s intellectual property to generate their own data during an
     option period is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over the option period on a straight-line
     basis as the right to use the intellectual property is provided and the data generated.


     Research and Development Services: The portion of a transaction price allocated to research and
     development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
     as delivery or performance of such services occurs.


     Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
     the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
     amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
     significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
     price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
     phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
     generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
     is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
     Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
     included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
     and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
     period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
     process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
     obtained.


     Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
     the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
     Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
     obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT             285
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Research and Development Expenses


      Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development
      activities, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and activities related to regulatory filings, which
      primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
      and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
      technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
      supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
      provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
      research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
      incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
      alternative future uses.


      Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
      Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
      of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
      clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
      parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
      in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
      accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
      in which the facts that give rise to the revision become probable.


      Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


      The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments that
      relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments (prior to
      government approval), are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the
      period in which they are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or
      activities that would constitute a “business” as defined under U.S.GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory
      approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use.
      Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible
      assets and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales
      of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are
      recognized.




286    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Government Grants


     Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
     Company are recognized as other income upon receipt. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and
     2023, the Company recognized other income of US$22,326,000 and US$23,989,000, respectively, for
     government grants received after the related expenses have been incurred.


     In the event government grants or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company will
     capitalize the payment as a liability and recognize the same financial statement caption as the performance
     obligation relates over the performance period. The Company received government assistance in the form
     of cash primarily to support the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out and research and development
     programs.


     Government assistance received to support the Guangzhou manufacturing facility build-out is recognized
     as other long-term liabilities and amortized over the same useful lives of the related assets as depreciation
     expense. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, other long-term liabilities related to the Guangzhou
     manufacturing facility build-out totaled US$30,235,000 and US$34,084,000, respectively. For the years
     ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense is presented net of amortization of government
     assistance of US$3,053,000 and US$2,938,000, respectively.


     Government assistance received to support research and development programs is recorded as other long-
     term liabilities upon receipt and recognized as other income when the associated research and development
     programs are completed. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, other long-term liabilities related to research
     and development programs totaled US$89,000 and US$120,000, respectively. No income was recognized
     during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 related to grants received for research and development
     programs.


     Comprehensive Loss


     Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions
     and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and
     distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income , requires that all items
     that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss
     be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
     For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency
     translation adjustments, pension liability adjustments and unrealized holding gains/losses associated with the
     available-for-sale debt securities, and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT             287
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Share-Based Compensation


      Awards granted to employees

      The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”), to account for its
      employee share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award
      should be classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-
      based awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements
      based on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using
      an option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
      market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has
      elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards
      granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost
      recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at
      that date. The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on
      performance conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of
      the share-based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.


      ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
      period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates. Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and
      future expectations of employee turnover rates and are adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances
      and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that
      expense is recorded only for those share-based awards that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company
      revises these estimates in the future, the share-based payments could be materially impacted in the period
      of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company, with the assistance of an independent third-party
      valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the stock options granted to employees using the
      binomial option pricing model.


      Awards granted to non-employees

      The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
      provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity . All transactions in which goods or services are received in
      exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or
      the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The grant date is the
      measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued. The expense is recognized in the same
      manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance
      with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments to non-employees . The Company estimated the fair value of share
      options granted to non-employees using the same method as employees.




288    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


     Modification of awards

     A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
     Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
     the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
     value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
     recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
     Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
     cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
     If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
     modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.


     Income Taxes


     The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
     assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
     bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
     differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
     some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


     The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which
     prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
     financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
     “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
     assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
     threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
     has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
     recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
     expense.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT         289
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Loss Per Share


      Basic loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . Basic loss per ordinary
      share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number
      of ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the two-class method,
      net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities based on dividends declared (or
      accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if all the earnings for the reporting period
      had been distributed.


      Diluted loss per share, when required, is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
      as adjusted for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number of
      ordinary and dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares
      consist of the ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares,
      if any, using the if-converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the share options,
      and unvested restricted shares units and performance-based restricted shares units (“PSUs”), using the
      treasury stock method. The dilutive effects of PSUs are included in the weighted average common share
      calculation based on the cumulative achievement against the performance targets only when the performance
      targets have been achieved as of the end of the reporting period.


      Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
      be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Company’s consolidated
      statements of operations.


      Segment Information


      In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
      Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
      and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
      segment: pharmaceutical products.




290    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks


     Concentration of cash and credit risk

     Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and
     accounts receivable.


     As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, US$2,627,410,000 and US$3,171,800,000 were deposited with various
     major reputable financial institutions located in the U.S., PRC and other international financial institutions. The
     deposits placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event
     of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Company may be unable to claim its deposits back in
     full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality and continually monitors
     the credit worthiness of these financial institutions.


     As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts receivable, net of US$676,278,000 and
     US$358,027,000, respectively. Accounts receivable, net represent amounts arising from product sales. The
     Company monitors economic conditions to identify facts or circumstances that may indicate receivables are
     at risk of collection.


     Customer concentration risk

     For the year ended December 31, 2024, sales to the Company’s three largest product distributors, ASD
     Specialty Healthcare, McKesson and Shanghai Pharmaceutical represented approximately 18.0%, 16.9% and
     11.1% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately 51.0% of trade accounts
     receivable as of December 31, 2024.


     For the year ended December 31, 2023, sales to the Company’s four largest product distributors, Sinopharm,
     Shanghai Pharmaceutical, ASD Specialty Healthcare and China Resources represented approximately 16.0%,
     14.2%, 12.4% and 11.4% of product revenue, respectively, and collectively, represented approximately
     53.2% of trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023,
     the Company’s collaboration revenue consisted entirely of revenue recognized under its out-licensing
     collaboration agreements with Novartis.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT           291
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Recent Accounting Pronouncements


      New accounting standards which have been adopted

      In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-07, Segment Reporting
      (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. This update requires disclosure of incremental
      segment information on an annual and interim basis. This update is effective for annual periods beginning
      after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early
      adoption is permitted. This guidance should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the
      financial statements. The Company operates in one segment. Its chief operating decision maker is the Chief
      Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a
      consolidated basis. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 effective December 31, 2024. Refer to Footnote 27
      for segment related disclosures.


      New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted

      In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income
      – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.
      This update requires that at each interim and annual reporting period public entities disclose (1) the amounts
      of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, amortization, and depletion) in commonly
      presented expense captions; (2) certain amounts that are already required to be disclosed under current
      U.S.GAAP in the same disclosure as the other disaggregation requirements; (3) a qualitative description of
      the amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively; and
      (4) the total amount of selling expenses and, in annual reporting periods, the definition of selling expenses.
      In January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income –
      Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date. This update clarifies that
      ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods
      within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
      is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.


      In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
      Disclosures. This update requires that public entities on an annual basis, (1) in the rate reconciliation, disclose
      specific categories and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold;
      (2) about income taxes paid, disclose the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated
      by federal, state, and foreign taxes and by individual jurisdiction in which income taxes paid (net of refunds
      received) is equal to or greater than 5 percent of total income taxes paid (net of refunds received); and (3)
      disclose income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated
      between domestic and foreign and income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated by federal, state, and
      foreign. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is
      permitted. This guidance should be applied on a prospective basis. Retrospective application is permitted.
      The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.




292     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS


     The Company enters into collaborative arrangements for the research and development, manufacture and/
     or commercialization of drug products and drug candidates. To date, these collaborative arrangements have
     included out-licenses of and options to out-license internally developed products and drug candidates to
     other parties, in-licenses of products and drug candidates from other parties, and profit – and cost-sharing
     arrangements. These arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations
     for potential development, regulatory and commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing and
     reimbursement arrangements, royalty payments, and profit sharing.


     Out-Licensing Arrangements


     During the two years ended December 31, 2024, the Company’s collaboration revenue related to its out-
     licensing collaborative agreements has consisted of research and development services revenue and right to
     access intellectual property revenue from its former collaboration agreements with Novartis for tislelizumab
     and ociperlimab. Other collaboration revenue consists primarily of revenue under the Novartis broad markets
     agreement and, beginning in 2024, royalty revenue under the Amgen collaboration agreement.


     The following table summarizes total collaboration revenue recognized for the years ended December 31,
     2024 and 2023:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
     Revenue from Collaborators                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                       US$’000          US$’000


     Research and development service revenue                                                 –           79,431
     Right to access intellectual property revenue                                            –          104,477
     Material rights revenue                                                                  –           71,980
     Other                                                                              30,695            13,039


     Total                                                                              30,695           268,927




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT         293
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Novartis

      Tislelizumab Collaboration and License


      In January 2021, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, granting
      Novartis rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab in North America, Europe, and
      Japan (the “Novartis Territory”). The Company and Novartis agreed to jointly develop tislelizumab in these
      licensed countries, with Novartis responsible for regulatory submissions after a transition period and for
      commercialization upon regulatory approvals. In addition, both companies had the ability to conduct clinical
      trials globally to explore combinations of tislelizumab with other cancer treatments, and the Company has an
      option to co-detail the product in North America, funded in part by Novartis.


      Under the agreement the Company received an upfront cash payment of US$650,000,000 from Novartis. A
      portion of the transaction price was allocated to the R&D services to be performed under the agreement and
      deferred and was being recognized as collaboration revenue as the R&D services were performed using a
      percentage-of-completion method.


      In September 2023, the Company and Novartis agreed to mutually terminate the collaboration and license
      agreement, effective immediately. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company regained full, global
      rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize tislelizumab with no royalty payments due to Novartis.
      Novartis may continue its ongoing clinical trials and has the ability to conduct future combination trials
      with tislelizumab subject to BeiGene’s approval. BeiGene agreed to provide Novartis with ongoing clinical
      supply of tislelizumab to support its clinical trials. Pursuant to the termination agreement, Novartis agreed
      to provide transition services to the Company to enable key aspects of the tislelizumab development and
      commercialization plan to proceed without disruption, including manufacturing, regulatory, safety and
      clinical support. Upon termination of the agreement in September 2023, there were no further performance
      obligations, and the remaining deferred revenue balance associated with the tislelizumab R&D services was
      recognized in full.




294    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Novartis (Continued)

     Tislelizumab Collaboration and License (Continued)


     The following table summarizes collaboration revenue recognized in connection with the tislelizumab
     collaboration and license agreement for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                             US$’000         US$’000


     Research and development service revenue                                                      –           72,278
     Other   1
                                                                                               2,113            5,067


     Total                                                                                     2,113           77,345

     1
             Represents revenue recognized on sale of tislelizumab clinical supply to Novartis in conjunction with the
             collaboration.


     Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
     Agreement

     In December 2021, the Company expanded its collaboration with Novartis by entering into an option,
     collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Company’s
     investigational TIGIT inhibitor ociperlimab in the Novartis Territory. In addition, the Company and Novartis
     entered into an agreement granting the Company rights to market, promote and detail five approved Novartis
     oncology products, TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib), MEKINIST® (trametinib), VOTRIENT® (pazopanib), AFINITOR®
     (everolimus), and ZYKADIA® (ceritinib), across designated regions of China referred to as “broad markets”. In
     the first quarter of 2022, the Company initiated marketing and promotion of these five products.


     Under the terms of the option, collaboration and license agreement, the Company received an upfront cash
     payment of US$300,000,000. At inception, a portion of the upfront cash payment was deferred related to
     performance obligations to be satisfied at a later point in time or over time.


     In July 2023, the Company and Novartis mutually agreed to terminate the ociperlimab option, collaboration
     and license agreement, effective immediately. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company regained
     full, global rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize ociperlimab. Upon termination the Company
     had no further performance obligations under the collaboration, and all remaining deferred revenue balances
     were recognized in full. The China broad markets agreement remains in place.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT       295
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Ociperlimab Option, Collaboration and License Agreement and China Broad Market Development
      Agreement (Continued)

      The following table summarizes collaboration revenue recognized in connection with the ociperlimab option,
      collaboration and license agreement for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                US$’000           US$’000


      Research and development service revenue                                                          –             7,153
      Right to access intellectual property revenue                                                     –          104,477
      Material rights revenue                                                                           –           71,980
      Other2                                                                                      18,259              8,859


      Total                                                                                       18,259           192,469

      2
              Represents revenue generated under the broad markets marketing and promotion agreement in conjunction with the
              collaboration.


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial


      Amgen

      In October 2019, the Company entered into a global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen (“Amgen
      Collaboration Agreement”) for the commercialization and development in China, excluding Hong Kong,
      Taiwan and Macau, of Amgen’s XGEVA®, KYPROLIS®, and BLINCYTO®, and the joint global development
      of a portfolio of oncology assets in Amgen’s pipeline, with BeiGene responsible for development and
      commercialization in China. The agreement became effective on January 2, 2020, following approval by the
      Company’s shareholders and satisfaction of other closing conditions.


      Under the agreement, the Company is responsible for the commercialization of XGEVA, KYPROLIS and
      BLINCYTO in China for five or seven years. Amgen is responsible for manufacturing the products globally and
      supplying the products to the Company at an agreed upon price. The Company and Amgen share equally in
      the China commercial profits and losses during the commercialization period. Following the commercialization
      period, the Company has the right to retain one product and is entitled to receive royalties on sales in China
      for an additional five years on the products not retained.




296       BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     Amgen and the Company are also jointly developing a portfolio of Amgen oncology pipeline assets under
     the collaboration. The Company is responsible for conducting clinical development activities in China and
     co-funding global development costs by contributing cash and development services up to a total cap of
     US$1,250,000,000. Amgen is responsible for all development, regulatory and commercial activities outside
     of China. For each pipeline asset that is approved in China, the Company will receive commercial rights
     for seven years from approval. The Company has the right to retain approximately one out of every three
     approved pipeline assets, other than LUMAKRAS (sotorasib) (“AMG 510”), Amgen’s KRAS G12C inhibitor,
     for commercialization in China. The Company and Amgen will share equally in the China commercial profits
     and losses during the commercialization period. The Company is entitled to receive royalties from sales in
     China for pipeline assets returned to Amgen for five years after the seven-year commercialization period. The
     Company is also entitled to receive royalties from global sales of each product outside of China (with the
     exception of AMG 510).


     On April 20, 2022, the parties entered into the First Amendment to Amgen Collaboration Agreement, which
     amends certain terms and conditions relating to the financial responsibilities of the parties in connections with
     the development and commercialization of certain Amgen proprietary products for the treatment of oncology-
     related diseases and conditions. In connection with the Company’s ongoing assessment of the Amgen
     Collaboration Agreement cost-share contributions, the Company determined that further investment in the
     development of LUMAKRAS was no longer commercially viable for BeiGene. As a result, in February 2023,
     the Company and Amgen entered into the Second Amendment to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement to (i)
     stop sharing costs with Amgen for the further development of LUMAKRAS during the period starting January
     1, 2023 and ending August 31, 2023; and (ii) cooperate in good faith to prepare a transition plan with the
     termination of LUMAKRAS from the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


     The Amgen Collaboration Agreement is within the scope of ASC 808, as both parties are active participants
     and are exposed to the risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities performed
     under the agreement. The Company is the principal for product sales to customers in China during the
     commercialization period and will recognize 100% of net product revenue on these sales. Amounts due to
     Amgen for its portion of net product sales will be recorded as cost of sales. Cost reimbursements due to
     or from Amgen under the profit share will be recognized as incurred and recorded to cost of sales; selling,
     general and administrative expense; or research and development expense, based on the underlying nature
     of the related activity subject to reimbursement. Costs incurred for the Company’s portion of the global co-
     development funding are recorded to research and development expense as incurred.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement (“Amgen SPA”) was
      entered into by the parties on October 31, 2019. On January 2, 2020, the closing date of the transaction,
      Amgen purchased 15,895,001 of the Company’s ADSs for US$174.85 per ADS, representing a 20.5%
      ownership stake in the Company. Per the Amgen SPA, the cash proceeds shall be used as necessary to fund
      the Company’s development obligations under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Amgen
      SPA, Amgen also received the right to designate one member of the Board, and Anthony Hooper joined the
      Board as the Amgen designee in January 2020. Amgen relinquished its right to appoint a designated director
      to the Board in January 2023.


      In determining the fair value of the common stock at closing, the Company considered the closing price
      of the common stock on the closing date of the transaction and included a lack of marketability discount
      because the shares are subject to certain restrictions. The fair value of the shares on the closing date was
      determined to be US$132.74 per ADS, or US$2,109,902,000 in the aggregate. The Company determined that
      the premium paid by Amgen on the share purchase represents a cost share liability due to the Company’s
      co-development obligations. The fair value of the cost share liability on the closing date was determined
      to be US$601,857,000 based on the Company’s discounted estimated future cash flows related to the
      pipeline assets. The estimation of future cash flows involved management assumptions of revenue growth
      rates and probability of technical and regulatory success of the pipeline assets. The total cash proceeds of
      US$2,779,241,000 were allocated based on the relative fair value method, with US$2,162,407,000 recorded
      to equity and US$616,834,000 recorded as a research and development cost share liability. The cost share
      liability is being amortized proportionately as the Company contributes cash and development services to its
      total co-development funding cap.




298    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


     Amgen (Continued)

     Amounts recorded related to the Company’s portion of the co-development funding on the pipeline assets for
     the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      US$’000         US$’000


     BeiGene’s portion of the development funding                                     148,391          108,608
     Less: Amortization of research and development cost share liability               73,226           55,294


     Research and development expense                                                  75,165           53,314


                                                                                                           As of
                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                      US$’000


     Remaining portion of development funding cap                                                      335,261


     As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the research and development cost share liability recorded in the
     Company’s balance sheet was as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      US$’000         US$’000


     Research and development cost share liability, current portion                   111,154           68,004
     Research and development cost share liability, non-current portion                54,286          170,662


     Total research and development cost share liability                              165,440          238,666




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT         299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial (Continued)


      Amgen (Continued)

      The net reimbursement paid under the commercial profit-sharing agreement for in-line product sales is
      classified in the consolidated statements of operations for the two years ended December 31, 2024 as
      follows:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                       US$’000          US$’000


      Cost of sales – product                                                            37,150            8,358
      Selling, general and administrative                                               (83,674)         (60,917)
      Research and development                                                           (2,438)           1,688


      Total                                                                             (48,962)         (50,871)


      The Company purchases commercial inventory from Amgen to distribute in China. Total inventory purchases
      amounted to US$247,655,000 and US$108,691,000, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2024
      and 2023. Net amounts payable to Amgen as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 were US$116,563,000 and
      US$55,474,000, respectively.


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development


      The Company has in-licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and, if approved, commercialize multiple
      development stage drug candidates globally or in specific territories. These arrangements typically include
      non-refundable upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory and
      commercial performance milestone payments, cost-sharing arrangements, royalty payments, and profit
      sharing.




300    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     Upfront and milestone payments made under these arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2024
     and 2023 are set forth below. All upfront and development milestones were expensed to research and
     development expense. All regulatory and commercial milestones were capitalized as intangible assets and
     are being amortized over the remainder of the respective product patent or the term of the commercialization
     agreements.


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2024           2023
     Payments due to collaboration partners     Classification                              US$’000       US$’000


     Upfront payments                           Research and development expense              60,027        46,800
     Development milestone payments             Research and development expense              54,000             –
     Regulatory and commercial
       milestone payments                       Intangible asset                                   –        24,365


     Total                                                                                  114,027         71,165


     The Company has entered into a number of in-licensing collaborative arrangements during the years ended
     December 31, 2024 and 2023. A summary of amounts incurred under these arrangements is included above.
     The Company may be required to pay additional amounts upon the achievement of various development
     and commercial milestones under these agreements. The Company may also incur significant research and
     development costs if the related product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition,
     if any products related to these collaborations are approved for sale, the Company may be required to pay
     significant milestones upon approval and milestones and/or royalties on future sales. The payment of these
     amounts, however, is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of
     uncertainty of occurrence.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    RESTRICTED CASH


      The Company’s restricted cash primarily consist of RMB-denominated cash deposits held in designated bank
      accounts for collateral for letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current
      based on term of restriction. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was as follows:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


      Short-term restricted cash                                                             9,312            11,473
      Long-term restricted cash                                                              2,025             2,711


      Total                                                                                 11,337            14,184


      In addition to the restricted cash balances above, the Company is required by the PRC securities law to use
      the proceeds from the STAR Offering in strict compliance with the planned uses as disclosed in the PRC
      offering prospectus as well as those disclosed in the Company’s proceeds management policy approved
      by the Board. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had cash remaining related to the STAR Offering
      proceeds of US$588,235,000.




302    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.   INVESTMENTS


     The following table summarizes the Company’s investments in equity securities:


                                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000


     Equity securities with readily determinable fair values1
         Fair value of Leap common stock                                                                  2,113               3,046
         Fair value of Leap warrants                                                                        168                 542
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair values
         Pi Health, Inc.2                                                                               40,798                     –
         Other                                                                                          48,157               55,860
     Equity-method investments                                                                          33,081               25,981


     Total                                                                                             124,317               85,429

     1
             Represents common stock and warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock of Leap. The Company
             measures the investment in the common stock and warrants at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded to other
             (expense) income, net.

     2
             In the first quarter of 2024, the Company divested the net assets comprising substantially all of its Pi Health business
             with a carrying value of US$38,063,000. The consideration received for the divestiture consisted of preferred stock
             in a newly formed entity, Pi Health, Inc., with a fair value of US$40,798,000 and cash consideration of US$1,000,000.
             The transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of US$3,735,000 recorded within other (expense) income, net during
             year ended December 31, 2024. The Company will account for its investment prospectively as a private equity
             security without a readily determinable fair value and the divestiture is not treated as a discontinued operation in the
             Statement of Operations and therefore the historical results of operations of the Pi Health business will remain in the
             Company’s continuing operations.


     The following table summarizes unrealized losses related to investments in equity securities recorded in other
     (expense) income, net:


                                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000


     Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                                             (1,307)               (425)
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair values                                          (7,596)             (6,448)
     Equity-method investments                                                                          (10,275)             (7,856)




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT             303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Accounts receivable                                                                  677,270           360,053
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                        (992)              (2,026)


      Total                                                                                676,278           358,027


      The Company’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit periods generally
      range from 30 to 120 days. The Company seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
      and overdue balances are regularly reviewed. The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit
      enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivable are non-interest-bearing. An aging
      analysis of the accounts receivable, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Within 6 months                                                                      674,633           356,243
      6 months to 12 months                                                                   1,645               1,784


      Total                                                                                676,278           358,027


      Changes in the allowance for credit losses related to trade accounts receivable consist of the following:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                      2,026                 211
      (Reversal)/provision for expected credit losses                                        (1,034)              1,861
      Written-off                                                                                 (1)                (43)
      Exchange rate changes                                                                       1                   (3)


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                         992               2,026




304    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024      ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.   INVENTORIES, NET


     The Company’s inventories, net consisted of the following:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                       US$’000          US$’000


     Raw materials                                                                     170,584           148,772
     Work in process                                                                    60,118            39,098
     Finished goods                                                                    264,284           228,252


     Total inventories, net                                                            494,986           416,122


8.   LEASES


     The Company has operating leases for office and manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Switzerland, and
     China. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to six years, some of which include options to extend
     the leases that have not been included in the calculation of the Company’s lease liabilities and ROU assets.
     The Company has land use rights, which represent land acquired for the biologics manufacturing facility in
     Guangzhou, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and office facility in Changping,
     Beijing, the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and manufacturing facility in Suzhou,
     and the land acquired for the Company’s research and development facility in Shanghai. The Company also
     has certain leases with terms of 12 months or less for certain equipment, office and lab space, which are
     expensed and not recorded on the balance sheet.


     The components of lease expense were as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                       US$’000          US$’000


     Operating lease cost                                                               26,575            25,978
     Variable lease cost                                                                  4,580             6,101
     Short-term lease cost                                                                2,897             1,683


     Total lease cost                                                                   34,052            33,762




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          305
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.    LEASES (Continued)


      Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                 US$’000        US$’000


      Operating lease right-of-use assets                                         60,639          43,490
      Land use rights, net                                                        78,670          51,717


      Total operating lease right-of-use assets                                  139,309          95,207


      Current portion of operating lease liabilities                              17,576          21,950
      Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                            44,277          22,251


      Total lease liabilities                                                     61,853          44,201


      Maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                US$’000


      Year ending December 31, 2025                                                               19,824
      Year ending December 31, 2026                                                               13,279
      Year ending December 31, 2027                                                               12,583
      Year ending December 31, 2028                                                               11,738
      Year ending December 31, 2029                                                                   7,188
      Thereafter                                                                                      3,922


      Total lease payments                                                                        68,534
      Less: imputed interest                                                                      (6,681)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                                          61,853




306     BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.   LEASES (Continued)


     Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized below:


                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


     Operating cash flows used in operating leases                                        56,005          27,985
     ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities                  47,066          11,854


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2024              2023


     Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                              4                3
     Weighted-average discount rate                                                        5.23%          7.22%


9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET


     Property, plant and equipment, net are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and consisted of the
     following:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


     Land                                                                                 65,485          65,485
     Building                                                                            607,857         231,656
     Manufacturing equipment                                                             244,255         186,856
     Laboratory equipment                                                                240,885         205,349
     Software, electronics and office equipment                                          100,348          83,281
     Leasehold improvements                                                               64,680          60,124


     Property, plant and equipment, at cost                                             1,323,510        832,751
     Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                      (399,105)      (249,212)
     Construction in progress                                                            654,018         740,615


     Property, plant and equipment, net                                                 1,578,423      1,324,154




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT         307
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Continued)


      The Company has made a significant investment in its newly opened manufacturing and R&D center in
      Hopewell, New Jersey. In the year ended December 31, 2024, US$272,670,000 of assets were placed into
      service. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had construction in progress of US$500,900,000 related to
      the Hopewell facility, the majority of which will be put into service in 2025.


      In March 2024, the Company acquired a land use right and the facility currently being constructed on the land
      for US$73,054,000. The Company plans to complete the construction of the facility and build a research and
      development center on the land. Based on the relative fair values of the land use right and construction in
      progress, US$29,431,000 of the total purchase price was allocated to the land use right and US$43,623,000
      was allocated to the construction in progress. In May 2024, the Company acquired additional construction in
      progress in connection with the properties for US$22,538,000.


      Construction in progress (“CIP”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 primarily related to the Hopewell facility,
      the new research and development facility acquired in 2024, a new building for Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co.,
      Ltd., and additional capacity at the Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities. CIP by fixed asset class
      are summarized as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000


      Building                                                                           528,629          579,649
      Manufacturing equipment                                                             89,897          119,380
      Laboratory equipment                                                                 9,805            16,135
      Other                                                                               25,687            25,451


      Total                                                                              654,018          740,615


      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were US$166,938,000 and
      US$80,436,000, respectively. Included within depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2024 is
      US$59,792,000 of accelerated depreciation expense resulting from the move of production to more efficient,
      larger scale equipment for tislelizumab.




308    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET


   Intangible assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are summarized as follows:


                                                             December 31, 2024                              December 31, 2023
                                                    Gross                                          Gross
                                                  carrying     Accumulated        Intangible     carrying     Accumulated        Intangible
                                                  amount        amortization     assets, net     amount        amortization     assets, net
                                                 US$’000           US$’000         US$’000      US$’000           US$’000         US$’000


   Finite-lived intangible assets:
   Developed products                              62,889            (12,370)        50,519       64,274              (7,807)       56,467
   Other                                            8,987             (8,411)           576        8,987              (8,316)          671


   Total finite-lived intangible assets            71,876            (20,781)        51,095       73,261           (16,123)         57,138


   Developed products represent post-approval milestone payments under license and commercialization
   agreements. The Company is amortizing the developed products over the remainder of the respective product
   patent or the term of the commercialization agreements.


   Amortization expense for developed products is included in cost of sales-product in the accompanying
   consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense for other intangible assets is included in
   selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
   weighted-average life for each finite-lived intangible assets is approximately 11 years. Amortization expense is
   as follows:


                                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000


   Amortization expense – Cost of sales – product                                                             4,729                3,739
   Amortization expense – Selling, general and administrative                                                    95                3,500


   Total                                                                                                      4,824                7,239




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.           •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT                 309
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (Continued)


      Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years and thereafter, as of December 31,
      2024 is as follows:


                                                                                       Selling,
                                                                                   General and
                                                               Cost of Sales –   Administrative
      Year Ending December 31,                                        Product         Expense           Total
                                                                     US$’000          US$’000       US$’000
      2025                                                              4,682               67         4,749
      2026                                                              4,682               67         4,749
      2027                                                              4,682               67         4,749
      2028                                                              4,682               67         4,749
      2029                                                              4,682               67         4,749
      2030 and thereafter                                              27,109              241        27,350


      Total                                                            50,519              576        51,095


11. INCOME TAXES


      The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024          2023
                                                                                      US$’000       US$’000


      U.S.                                                                             201,516       117,446
      PRC                                                                             (263,159)     (315,852)
      Other                                                                           (471,358)     (627,430)


      Total                                                                           (533,001)     (825,836)




310    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    The current and deferred components of the income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations are as
    follows:


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                   US$’000          US$’000


    Current tax expense (benefit)
    U.S.                                                                             57,222           25,170
    PRC                                                                              12,331           24,956
    Other                                                                            16,225            5,059


    Total                                                                            85,778           55,185


    Deferred tax expense (benefit)
    U.S.                                                                             23,556                –
    PRC                                                                                 180              687
    Other                                                                             2,271                –


    Total                                                                            26,007              687


    Income tax expense (benefit)                                                    111,785           55,872




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT         311
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follow:


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2024        2023
                                                                                              US$’000         US$’000


      Loss before tax                                                                         (533,001)       (825,836)
      U.S. statutory tax rate                                                                        21%         21%
      Expected taxation at U.S. statutory tax rate                                            (111,930)       (173,426)


      Foreign and preferential tax rate differential                                            93,741        144,310
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                       1,130      19,134
      Stock compensation expenses                                                               53,446         32,581
      State tax benefit                                                                             (7,988)     (5,872)
      Change in valuation allowance                                                            157,286        845,811
      Tax relief credits                                                                                 –    (704,928)
      Research tax credits and incentives                                                       (43,602)       (64,343)
      Deductible research expenses                                                              (13,644)             –
      Tax on unremitted earnings                                                                23,743               –
      Foreign-derived intangible income                                                         (40,397)       (37,395)


      Taxation for the year                                                                    111,785         55,872


      Effective tax rate                                                                       (21.0)%          (6.8)%




312    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2024          2023
                                                                                          US$’000       US$’000


    Accruals and reserves                                                                  121,549       106,708
    Net operating losses carryforward                                                    1,137,890       996,588
    Stock-based compensation                                                                38,397        26,687
    Research tax credits                                                                    34,561        68,117
    Tax relief credits                                                                     704,928       704,928
    Intangible asset amortization                                                        1,081,442       699,974
    Lease liability obligation                                                              11,882         7,893
    R&D and other capitalized costs                                                        277,061       164,190


    Total gross deferred tax assets                                                      3,407,710     2,775,085
    Less: valuation allowance                                                            (3,403,505)   (2,771,470)


    Net deferred tax assets                                                                  4,205         3,615


    Property, plant and equipment, net                                                      (10,795)      (12,374)
    Tax on unremitted earnings                                                              (23,735)            –
    Right-of-use asset                                                                      (11,682)       (7,735)


    Total gross deferred tax liabilities                                                    (46,212)      (20,109)


    Net deferred tax liabilities                                                            (42,007)      (16,494)


    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes
    that as of December 31, 2024, it is more likely than not that net deferred tax assets will not be realized.
    Adjustments may be required in the future if the Company estimates that the amount of deferred tax assets to
    be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT      313
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The valuation allowances for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                            US$’000           US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                   2,771,470         1,943,775
      Additions charged to income tax provision                                              157,286           845,811
      Additions charged to equity                                                            497,823                     –
      Currency translation and other                                                         (23,074)              (18,116)


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                    3,403,505         2,771,470


      As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had net operating losses of approximately
      US$6,720,659,000 and US$5,945,753,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, net operating losses were
      primarily comprised of: US$2,185,546,000 from entities in the PRC which expire in years 2025 through 2034;
      and US$4,526,020,000 derived from Switzerland which expires in years 2025 through 2031. The Company
      has approximately US$43,677,000 of U.S. research tax credits which will expire between 2036 and 2044 and
      approximately US$704,928,000 of Switzerland tax relief credits which will expire in 2028, if not utilized.


      The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                            US$’000           US$’000


      Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                        14,264             11,555
      Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                           2,975              2,709


      Ending balance, as of December 31                                                         17,239             14,264


      Current and prior year additions include assessment of U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives. As
      of December 31, 2024, the Company had US$17,239,000 of unrecognized tax benefits substantially all of
      which, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of
      existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months.




314    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of
    income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company’s accrued interest and
    penalties, where applicable, related to uncertain tax positions were not material.


    The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
    tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2024, Australia tax matters are open to
    examination for the years 2013 through 2024, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2014
    through 2024, Switzerland tax matters are open to examination for the years 2021 through 2024, and U.S.
    federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2015 through 2024. Various U.S. states and other non-
    US tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination for 2014 through 2024.


    The Company qualifies for the Technology Advanced Service Enterprises and High and New Technology
    Enterprise status for certain subsidiaries in China, which begin to expire at the end of 2025. The income tax
    benefits attributable to this status for the year ended December 31, 2024 is approximately US$4,631,000, or
    less than US$0.01 per share outstanding.


    During 2024, the Company concluded that a portion of earnings from certain subsidiaries, primarily in the U.S.
    and Canada, are no longer indefinitely reinvested. As a result, the Company recognized a deferred tax liability
    of US$23,735,000. The Company continues to assert that earnings in other jurisdictions remain permanently
    reinvested.


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION


    Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000


    Prepaid research and development costs                                                64,277            60,476
    Prepaid taxes                                                                         23,792            37,320
    Other receivables                                                                     32,828            37,859
    Prepaid general and administrative expenses                                           21,253            14,619
    Prepaid manufacturing cost                                                            19,333            42,066
    Short-term restricted cash                                                             9,312            11,473
    Prepaid insurance                                                                      6,242              8,872
    Other current assets                                                                  15,882            44,780


    Total                                                                                192,919          257,465




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         315
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


      Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


      Long-term investments                                             128,933          89,644
      Prepaid supply cost                                                12,249          18,122
      Rental deposits and other                                           8,481              8,195
      Prepayment of property and equipment                                5,927              4,144
      Prepaid VAT                                                         2,875              2,546
      Long-term restricted cash                                           2,025              2,711


      Total                                                             160,490         125,362


      Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:


                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000


      Compensation related                                              248,348         217,803
      Sales rebates and returns related                                 235,600         139,936
      External research and development activities related              154,269         162,969
      Commercial activities                                              77,530          87,572
      Accrued general and administrative expenses                        31,106          36,203
      Individual income tax and other taxes                              34,904          30,083
      Other                                                              21,956          19,165


      Total                                                             803,713         693,731




316    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


   Other long-term liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


   Deferred government grant income                                                    30,324          34,204
   Pension liability                                                                   16,405          14,995
   Asset retirement obligation                                                          3,794              1,127
   Other                                                                               16,212               484


   Total                                                                               66,735          50,810


13. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE


   An aging analysis of the accounts payables as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, based on the invoice date, is
   as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000


   Within 3 months                                                                    401,252         302,310
   3 to 6 months                                                                          871              8,205
   6 months to 1 year                                                                   2,615              4,551
   Over 1 year                                                                            259                45


   Total                                                                              404,997         315,111


   The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
   demand.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT         317
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT


      The following table summarizes the Company’s short-term and long-term debt obligations as of December
      31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                                                                         As of December 31,
      Lender                  Borrower                        Line of Credit   Term      Maturity Date       Interest Rate          2024                    2023
                                                          US$’000/RMB’000                                                    US$’000     RMB’000     US$’000     RMB’000

      China Construction      BeiGene Guangzhou                RMB580,000      9-year    June 11, 2027                  1     16,440     120,000       14,089      100,000
        Bank                    Biologics Manufacturing
                                Co., Ltd.
      China Merchants         BeiGene Guangzhou                RMB350,000      9-year    January 20, 2029               2      8,611      62,857        8,856       62,857
        Bank                    Biologics Manufacturing
                                Co., Ltd.
      China Merchants         BeiGene Guangzhou                RMB378,000      9-year    November 8, 2029               3      8,148      59,475        5,636       40,000
        Bank                    Biologics Manufacturing
                                Co., Ltd.
      China CITIC Bank        BeiGene (Suzhou)                 RMB480,000      10-year   July 28, 2032                  4      1,384      10,100              –          –
                                Co., Ltd.
      China Merchants         BeiGene, Ltd.                     US$380,000     1-year    5                                   380,000    2,773,723     300,000     2,129,321
        Bank
      China Minsheng Bank BeiGene, Ltd.                        US$150,000      1-year December 16, 2025             6.8%     150,000    1,094,891     150,000     1,064,660
      China Industrial Bank BeiGene, Ltd.                      RMB675,000      364-days March 27, 2025                 6      92,475      675,000           –             –
      China Merchants Bank BeiGene Guangzhou                   RMB400,000      1-year June 5, 2025                  3.0%      54,800      400,000      56,356       400,000
                              Biologics Manufacturing
                              Co., Ltd.
      HSBC Bank             BeiGene, Ltd.                      RMB340,000      1-year    May 5, 2025                   7      46,580     340,000       47,903      340,000
      China Industrial Bank BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.         RMB200,000      1-year    May 29, 2024               2.8%           –           –       28,177      200,000
      Shanghai Pudong       BeiGene, Ltd.                      RMB700,000      1-year    November 24, 2025          2.9%      93,091     679,492       49,312      350,000
        Development Bank
      China Merchants Bank BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.          RMB200,000      1-year    May 24, 2024               3.2%           –           –       28,037      199,000


      Total short-term debt                                                                                                  851,529    6,215,538     688,366     4,885,838


      China Construction   BeiGene Guangzhou                   RMB580,000      9-year    June 11, 2027                  1     41,100     300,000       59,174      420,000
        Bank                 Biologics Manufacturing
                             Co., Ltd.
      China Merchants Bank BeiGene Guangzhou                   RMB350,000      9-year    January 20, 2029               2     27,987     204,286       37,638      267,143
                             Biologics Manufacturing
                             Co., Ltd.
      China Merchants Bank BeiGene Guangzhou                   RMB378,000      9-year    November 8, 2029               3     33,020     241,025       42,337      300,500
                             Biologics Manufacturing
                             Co., Ltd.
      China CITIC Bank     BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.          RMB480,000      10-year   July 28, 2032                  4     64,377     469,900       58,469      415,000


      Total long-term debt                                                                                                   166,484    1,215,211     197,618     1,402,643




318     BEIGENE, LTD.                 •      2024         ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)

    1.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 4.2% as of December 31, 2024. The Company repaid US$13,739,000
         (RMB100,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2024. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics
         Manufacturing Co., Ltd.’s property ownership certificate and fixed assets.


    2.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.7% as of December 31, 2024. The Company repaid US$8,730,000
         (RMB62,857,000) during the year ended December 31, 2024. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s
         second land use right and certain fixed assets.


    3.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 3.8% as of December 31, 2024. The Company repaid US$5,562,000
         (RMB40,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2024. The loan is secured by fixed assets that will be placed
         into service upon completion of the third phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility’s build out.


    4.   The outstanding borrowings bear a floating interest rate benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of certain
         PRC financial institutions. The loan interest rate was 3.7% as of December 31, 2024. The Company drew down
         US$9,053,000 (RMB65,000,000) during the year ended December 31, 2024. The loan is secured by BeiGene (Suzhou)
         Co., Ltd.’s property ownership certificate of the small molecule manufacturing campus in Suzhou, China.


    5.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking the secured overnight financing rate. The loan
         interest rate was 6.2% as of December 31, 2024. US$80,000,000 of the borrowing matures on January 27, 2025, and
         US$300,000,000 matures on December 17, 2025.


    6.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions
         in the PRC. The loan interest rate was 2.6% as of December 31, 2024.


    7.   The outstanding borrowings bear floating interest rates benchmarking Hong Kong interbank market rate for RMB. The
         loan interest rate was 4.4% as of December 31, 2024.


    The Company has numerous financial and non-financial covenants on its debt obligations with various
    banks and other lenders. Some of these covenants include default and/or cross-default provisions that could
    require acceleration of repayment of loans in the event of default. However, the Company’s debt is primarily
    short-term in nature. Any acceleration would be a matter of months but may impact the Company’s ability
    to refinance debt obligations if an event of default occurs. As of December 31, 2024, the Company is in
    compliance with all covenants of our material debt agreements.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT             319
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. DEBT (Continued)


      Contractual Maturities of Debt Obligations


      The aggregate contractual maturities of all borrowings due subsequent to December 31, 2024 are as follows:


      Maturity dates                                                                                          Amounts
                                                                                                               US$’000


      Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                            851,529
      Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                             46,207
      Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                             46,207
      Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                             25,657
      Year ending December 31, 2029                                                                             19,657
      Thereafter                                                                                                28,756


      Total                                                                                                  1,018,013


      Interest Expense


      Interest on bank loans is paid quarterly until the respective loans are fully settled. Interest expense recognized
      for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 amounted to US$46,894,000 and US$20,800,000,
      respectively, among which, US$32,158,000 and US$16,571,000 was capitalized, respectively. Interest paid for
      the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, net of amounts capitalized, amounted to US$19,723,000 and
      US$3,484,000, respectively.


15. PRODUCT REVENUE


      The Company’s product revenue is primarily derived from the sale of its internally developed products
      BRUKINSA and TEVIMBRA in the U.S., China, and other regions; XGEVA, BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS in China
      under a license from Amgen; REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® in China under a license from BMS; and POBEVCY® in
      China under a license from Bio-Thera.


      The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                            US$’000            US$’000


      Product revenue – gross                                                              4,786,744         2,718,969
      Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                     (1,007,198)          (529,117)


      Product revenue – net                                                                3,779,546         2,189,852



320    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15. PRODUCT REVENUE (Continued)


    The following table disaggregates net product revenue by product for the years ended December 31, 2024
    and 2023.


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024          2023
                                                                                       US$’000      US$’000


    BRUKINSA®                                                                         2,644,226    1,290,396
    Tislelizumab                                                                        620,836     536,620
    XGEVA   ®
                                                                                        224,403        92,828
    BLINCYTO®                                                                            74,331        54,342
    KYPROLIS®                                                                            66,171        39,799
    POBEVCY®                                                                             53,509        56,547
    REVLIMID    ®
                                                                                         36,028        76,018
    Other                                                                                60,042        43,302


    Total product revenue – net                                                       3,779,546    2,189,852


    The following table presents the roll-forward of accrued sales chargebacks, rebates, returns and other
    deductions for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.


                                                                   Rebates,
                                                                    Returns
                                                                  and Other           Contra AR
                                                                 Deductions            Accruals         Total
                                                                   US$’000             US$’000      US$’000


    Balance at December 31, 2022                                     41,817               8,580        50,397
      Amounts charged against product revenue                       275,031             254,086     529,117
      Payments and credits                                         (176,912)           (232,231)    (409,143)


    Balance at December 31, 2023                                    139,936              30,435     170,371
      Amounts charged against product revenue                       491,756             515,442    1,007,198
      Payments and credits                                         (396,092)           (495,178)    (891,270)


    Balance at December 31, 2024                                    235,600              50,699     286,299




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.      •       2024    ANNUAL REPORT     321
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE


      The Company’s loss before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          Note                 2024        2023
                                                                                         US$’000        US$’000


      Cost of inventories sold                                                            594,089       379,920
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                         9             166,938        80,436
      Research and development costs (note)                                             1,953,295      1,778,594
      Operating lease cost                                                  8              26,575        25,978
      Amortization of license rights                                       10                  4,824      7,239
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   8,053      7,121
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
        Wages, salaries and other benefits                                              1,305,147      1,120,403
        Share-based compensation expenses                                  18             441,793       367,588
        Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                         74,098        62,092


                                                                                        1,821,038      1,550,083


      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                    15,986        64,760
      Expected credit losses                                                6              (1,034)        1,861
      Impairment of inventories                                                                4,066      2,964
      Bank interest income                                                                (69,641)       (78,373)

      Note: During the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, research and development costs of approximately
            US$779,306,000 and US$699,289,000 were also included in employee benefit expense.




322    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17. LOSS PER SHARE


   Loss per share was calculated as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000
   Numerator:
     Net loss                                                                         (644,786)         (881,708)


   Denominator:
     Weighted average shares outstanding for
       computing basic and diluted loss per share                                1,368,746,793     1,357,034,547


   Loss per share (in US$)                                                                (0.47)            (0.65)


   For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-
   class method was not applicable, as the Company was in a net loss position.


   The effects of all share options and restricted share units were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
   per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         323
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      In January 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the Board and shareholders of the Company approved
      the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective in February 2016. The
      Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the 2016 Plan,
      plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any outstanding
      options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the 2011 Plan
      that are cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2024, ordinary shares
      cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled 5,166,900. The
      2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added on the first day of
      each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5%) of the outstanding
      shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or (ii) such
      number of shares determined by the Board or the compensation committee. On January 1, 2018, 29,603,616
      ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision. However, in August 2018, in connection
      with the Hong Kong IPO, the Board approved an amended and restated 2016 Plan to remove this “evergreen”
      provision and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders
      of the Company approved a second amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares
      authorized for issuance by 38,553,159 ordinary shares, as well as amend the cap on annual compensation to
      independent directors and make other changes. In June 2020, the shareholders approved an Amendment No.
      1 to the 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 57,200,000 ordinary shares
      and to extend the term of the plan through April 13, 2030. The number of shares available for issuance under
      the 2016 Plan is subject to adjustment in the event of a share split, share dividend or other change in the
      Company’s capitalization.


      As of December 31, 2024, share-based awards to acquire 83,064,175 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, the Board and shareholders of
      the Company approved an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the “Amendment No. 2”), which became effective
      as of June 22, 2022, to increase the number of authorized shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan
      by 66,300,000 ordinary shares, or 5%, of the Company’s outstanding shares as of March 31, 2022. In June
      2024, the shareholders approved a third amended and restated 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares
      authorized for issuance by 92,820,000.




324    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024       ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    2018 Inducement Equity Plan


    In June 2018, the Board approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018 Plan”) and reserved
    12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who were not previously
    employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s entry into
    employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ
    Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the Board upon recommendation of the compensation
    committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The terms
    and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder, are substantially
    similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018, in connection with
    the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on the HKEx, the Board approved an amended and restated
    2018 Plan to implement changes required by the HK Listing Rules.


    Upon the effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Plan, on June 22, 2022, the 2018 Plan was
    terminated to the effect that no new equity awards shall be granted under the plan but the outstanding equity
    awards under the plan shall continue to vest and/or be exercisable in accordance with their terms.


    2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


    In June 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
    “ESPP”). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP.
    In August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the Board approved an amended and restated
    ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in the plan and implement
    other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the shareholders of the Company
    approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance
    by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. In June 2024, the shareholders of the Company
    approved a fourth amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by
    5,070,000 ordinary shares to 12,425,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase
    the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period, which will
    generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the beginning or
    the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering
    period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their eligible earnings,
    subject to applicable limitations.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          325
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (Continued)


      The following tables summarizes the shares issued under the ESPP:


                                                                Market Price1              Purchase Price2
                                             Number of
                                               Ordinary
                                                 Shares
      Issuance Date                              Issued           ADS      Ordinary          ADS       Ordinary     Proceeds
                                                                  US$           US$           US$           US$      US$’000


      August 31, 2024                         1,035,996        165.20         12.69        140.27         10.78        11,178
      February 29, 2024                       1,021,397        165.65         12.74        140.80         10.83        11,063
      August 31, 2023                           794,144        207.55         15.97        176.42         13.57        10,777
      February 28, 2023                         930,582        171.10         13.16        145.44         11.19        10,414
      August 31, 2022                           861,315        171.66         13.20        145.91         11.22         9,667
      February 28, 2022                         667,160        210.52         16.19        178.94         13.76         9,183

      1
            The market price is the lower of the closing price on NASDAQ on the issuance date or the offering date, in
            accordance with the terms of the ESPP.

      2
            The purchase price is the price which was discounted from the applicable market price, in accordance with the terms
            of the ESPP.


      As of December 31, 2024, 4,953,682 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.




326       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2024     ANNUAL REPORT
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Share options


    Generally, share options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three – to five-year period, with
    the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the
    remainder of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units
    generally vest over a four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or
    the service relationship start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter, or
    sometimes vest upon the achievement of pre-specified performance conditions.


    The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                Weighted        Weighted
                                                                Weighted         Average         Average
                                                                 Average           Grant      Remaining
                                                 Number of       Exercise       Date Fair     Contractual      Aggregate
                                                   Options          Price          Value            Term    Intrinsic Value
                                                                     US$            US$            Years          US$’000


    Outstanding at December 31, 2022             76,526,853          7.85
      Granted                                     9,817,925         16.37           8.14
      Exercised                                  (6,974,331)         4.54                                          92,051
      Forfeited                                  (1,225,334)        17.60


    Outstanding at December 31, 2023             78,145,113          9.06
      Granted                                     9,180,301         12.53           6.62
      Exercised                                  (6,812,624)         3.87                                          69,946
      Forfeited                                  (2,530,134)        15.87


    Outstanding at December 31, 2024             77,982,656          9.70                            4.83         429,581


    Exercisable as of December 31, 2024          60,173,280          8.42                             3.7         406,868


    Vested and expected to vest at
      December 31, 2024                          75,311,250          9.55                             4.7         426,174


    As of December 31, 2024, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 15,137,970 unvested share options
    expected to vest was US$82,424,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.4 years.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024       ANNUAL REPORT            327
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


      Share options (Continued)


      The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2024 and
      2023 was US$68,420,000 and US$61,121,000, respectively.


      Fair value of options


      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price is used in
      conjunction with historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same
      industry as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern
      as reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


      The following table presents the range of fair values and the assumptions used to estimate those fair values of
      the share options granted in the years presented:


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2024                   2023


      Fair value of ordinary share                                          US$5.72 ~ US$9.19        US$7.26 ~ US$10.72
      Risk-free interest rate                                                      3.8% ~ 4.6%             3.4% ~ 4.6%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                              2.8                    2.8
      Expected volatility                                                           57% ~ 58%               58% ~ 60%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                0%                      0%
      Contractual life                                                                  10 years                10 years




328    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)


    Restricted share units


    The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share unit activities under the 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                                    Weighted –
                                                                                  Numbers        Average Grant
                                                                                 of Shares      Date Fair Value
                                                                                                           US$


    Outstanding at December 31, 2022                                            55,397,173                14.87
      Granted                                                                   34,573,994                15.57
      Vested                                                                   (17,862,598)               14.71
      Forfeited                                                                  (5,707,546)              15.47


    Outstanding at December 31, 2023                                            66,401,023                15.22
      Granted                                                                   49,693,592                12.53
      Vested                                                                   (21,251,477)               15.53
      Forfeited                                                                  (9,012,471)              14.46


    Outstanding at December 31, 2024                                            85,830,667                13.67


    Expected to vest at December 31, 2024                                       72,956,067                13.67


    As of December 31, 2024, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
    expected to vest was US$801,403,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
    weighted-average amortization period of 2.7 years.


    Share-based compensation expense


    The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
    December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000


    Research and development                                                          186,113           163,550
    Selling, general and administrative                                               255,680           204,038


    Total                                                                             441,793           367,588




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          329
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME


      The movement of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income was as follows:


                                                                                  Unrealized
                                                                       Foreign Gains/Losses
                                                                      Currency on Available-        Pension
                                                                    Translation      for-Sale        Liability
                                                                   Adjustments     Securities    Adjustments        Total
                                                                      US$’000       US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


      December 31, 2022                                                (62,523)       (9,011)          (5,883)    (77,417)
      Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications       (25,464)        9,046           (6,422)    (22,840)
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
          comprehensive loss1                                                –              –            811         811


      Net-current period other comprehensive (loss) income             (25,464)        9,046           (5,611)    (22,029)


      December 31, 2023                                                (87,987)           35         (11,494)     (99,446)


      Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications                (47,565)           (35)         (2,753)    (50,353)
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
          comprehensive loss1                                                –              –            811         811


      Net-current period other comprehensive loss                      (47,565)           (35)         (1,942)    (49,542)


      December 31, 2024                                               (135,552)             –        (13,436)    (148,988)

      1
             The amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were included in other (expense)
             income, net in the consolidated statements of operations.




330       BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


   During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company completed the following equity
   transactions:


   BMS Settlement


   On August 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Settlement and Termination Agreement (the “Settlement
   Agreement”) with BMS-Celgene and certain of its affiliates relating to the termination of the parties’ ongoing
   contractual relationships, the previously-disclosed ongoing arbitration proceeding concerning ABRAXANE®
   (the “Arbitration”), the License and Supply Agreement (“LSA”), the Amended and Restated Quality Agreement
   (the “QA”), and the Share Subscription Agreement (the “SSA”), entered into by the parties in 2017 and 2018.
   Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the parties agreed to mutually dismiss the Arbitration and BMS-
   Celgene and its affiliates agreed to transfer 23,273,108 ordinary shares of the Company originally purchased
   in 2017, in each case subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Settlement
   Agreement. In consideration for the shares being returned, the Company agreed to drop its claims pursuant
   to the Settlement Agreement. Furthermore, the parties agreed to terminate the LSA and QA on December
   31, 2023, subject to the Company’s right to continue selling all inventory of REVLIMID and VIDAZA until sold
   out or February 2025, whichever is earlier. The Settlement Agreement provides for a settlement and release
   by each party of claims arising from or relating to the Arbitration, the LSA, the QA and the SSA, as well as
   other disputes and potential disputes between the parties, in each case subject to and in accordance with
   the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The receipt of the shares occurred on August 15, 2023. The
   Company recorded a non-cash gain upon receipt of US$362,917,000, which represents the fair value on the
   day the shares were received. The gain was recorded within other (expense) income, net in the consolidated
   statements of operations. The shares were constructively retired during the year ended December 31, 2023.
   The Company recorded the amount of the cancelled shares in excess of par to additional paid-in capital.


21. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS


   The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
   its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s
   PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
   standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial statements
   prepared in accordance with U.S.GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the
   Company’s PRC subsidiaries.




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          331
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (Continued)


      In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
      reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
      registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required
      to provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board, from the profits determined in
      accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used
      for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries were
      established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-mentioned restrictions
      on distributable profits.


      During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made,
      because the PRC subsidiaries had an accumulated deficit as of the end of such periods.


      As a result of these PRC laws and regulations, including the requirement to make annual appropriations
      of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
      the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
      Company.


      Foreign exchange and other regulations in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
      from transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans, and advances. As of December 31,
      2024 and 2023, amounts restricted were the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which, after
      intercompany eliminations, amounted to US$1,709,961,000 and US$2,114,277,000, respectively.


22. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS


      Defined Contribution Plans


      Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
      plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
      benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
      make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
      salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total
      amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$101,779,000 and
      US$94,358,000 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.


      The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The
      401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees, and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation
      on a pretax or Roth basis. In addition, the Company has a matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan, which,
      in the 2024 plan year, matched dollar for dollar of eligible contributions up to 6%. Company contributions to
      the 401(k) Plan totaled US$20,839,000 and US$15,316,000 in the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
      respectively.




332    BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)


    Defined Contribution Plans (Continued)


    The Company maintains a government mandated program to cover its employees in Switzerland for
    pension, death, or disability. The program is considered a defined contribution plan. Employer and employee
    contributions are made based on various percentages of salaries and wages that vary based on employee age
    and other factors. Company contributions into the program amounted to US$3,825,000 and US$2,710,000 in
    the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.


    Company contributions into defined contribution plans for the remaining subsidiaries were immaterial.


    Defined Benefit Plan


    The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering its employees in Switzerland (the “Swiss
    Plan”). This plan is a government mandated fund that provides benefits to employees upon retirement,
    death, or disability. Contributions are made based on various percentages of participants’ salaries and
    wages determined based on participants’ age and other factors. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the
    projected benefit obligations under the Swiss Plan were approximately US$80,199,000 and US$70,600,000,
    respectively, and plan assets were approximately US$63,794,000 and US$55,605,000, respectively. The
    funded status of the Swiss Plan is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
    balance sheets.


    The Company’s annual contribution to the Swiss Plan is estimated to be approximately US$3,922,000 in 2025
    and is expected to evolve thereafter proportionally with changes in staffing and compensation levels, actuarial
    assumptions and actual investment returns on plan assets.


    The following table reflects the total expected benefit payments to Swiss Plan participants in the following
    10 years and have been estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company’s benefit
    obligations as of December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                          US$’000


    Year ending December 31, 2025                                                                              692
    Year ending December 31, 2026                                                                              604
    Year ending December 31, 2027                                                                              994
    Year ending December 31, 2028                                                                              593
    Year ending December 31, 2029                                                                            1,922
    Thereafter                                                                                               8,657


    Total                                                                                                   13,462




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT          333
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


      Purchase Commitments


      As of December 31, 2024, the Company had purchase commitments amounting to US$131,944,000, of which
      US$32,538,000 related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from contract manufacturing
      organizations and US$99,406,000 related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from Amgen. The
      Company does not have any minimum purchase requirements for inventory from Amgen.


      Capital Commitments


      The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$48,347,000 for the acquisition of property, plant
      and equipment as of December 31, 2024 related to various facilities across the globe.


      Co-Development Funding Commitment


      Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company is responsible for co-funding global clinical
      development costs for the Amgen oncology pipeline assets up to a total cap of US$1,250,000,000. The
      Company is funding its portion of the co-development costs by contributing cash and/or development
      services. As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s remaining co-development funding commitment was
      US$335,261,000.


      Funding Commitment


      The Company had committed capital related to two equity method investments in the amount of
      US$15,053,000. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining capital commitment was US$7,404,000 and is
      expected to be paid from time to time over the investment period.


      Other Business Agreements


      The Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with contract research organizations
      (“CROs”) to provide research and development services. These contracts are generally cancellable at any time
      by the Company with prior written notice.


      The Company also enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual
      property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone
      payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration
      agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of
      such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet because
      the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of
      these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in the consolidated
      financial statements.




334    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION


   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, were
   disclosed pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                             US$’000           US$’000


   Fees                                                                                           888                856
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,297              1,275
       Performance related bonuses                                                              1,540              1,132
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                     19,548             17,981


                                                                                              22,385             20,388


                                                                                              23,273             21,244


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 24 (including above table) and Note 25 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.


   For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, certain directors were granted share options and
   restricted share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company,
   further details of which are set out in Note 18. The fair value of such options, which has been recognized in
   the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
   the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above directors’
   and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT           335
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (a)   Independent non-executive directors


            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2024
            and 2023 were as follows:


            Year ended December 31, 2024


                                                               Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                        allowances and       Performance     compensation Pension scheme            Total
                                                Fees    benefits in kind   related bonuses       expense     contributions   remuneration
                                              US$’000          US$’000            US$’000        US$’000         US$’000         US$’000


            Olivier Brandicourt1                  85                  –                 –            354                –            439
            Shalini Sharp 2
                                                  21                  –                 –             88                –            109
            Donald W. Glazer   3
                                                  69                  –                 –            614                –            683
            Michael Goller                        85                  –                 –            410                –            495
            Anthony C. Hooper                    130                  –                 –            410                –            540
            Ranjeev Krishana                      90                  –                 –            410                –            500
            Thomas Malley4                         5                  –                 –             14                –             19
            Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders          103                  –                 –            410                –            513
            Qingqing Yi                           90                  –                 –            410                –            500
            Margaret Han Dugan                   115                  –                 –            410                –            525
            Alessandro Riva                       95                  –                 –            410                             505


            Total                                888                  –                 –           3,940               –           4,828

            1.
                    Dr. Olivier Brandicourt was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director on January 23,
                    2024.

            2.
                    Ms. Shalini Sharp was appointed to the Board as an independent non-executive Director on September 27,
                    2024.

            3.
                    On October 25, 2024, Mr. Donald W. Glazer passed away and ceased to serve as an independent non-
                    executive Director.

            4.
                    Mr. Thomas Malley resigned as a director on January 22, 2024.




336     BEIGENE, LTD.              •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (a)   Independent non-executive directors (Continued)


          Year ended December 31, 2023


                                                          Salaries,                       Share-based
                                                   allowances and        Performance     compensation   Pension scheme           Total
                                            Fees    benefits in kind   related bonuses       expense      contributions   remuneration
                                         US$’000          US$’000            US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


          Thomas Malley                      101                  –                 –            405                 –            506
          Donald W. Glazer                    81                  –                 –            405                 –            486
          Michael Goller                      82                  –                 –            405                 –            487
          Ranjeev Krishana                    87                  –                 –            405                 –            492
          Qingqing Yi                         87                  –                 –            405                 –            492
          Corazon (Corsee) D. Sanders        102                  –                 –            405                 –            507
          Alessandro Riva                     92                  –                 –            405                 –            497
          Margaret Han Dugan                 111                  –                 –            405                 –            516
          Anthony C. Hooper  1
                                             113                  –                 –            405                              518


          Total                              856                  –                 –           3,645                –          4,501

          1.
                  The Board redesignated Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as an independent non-executive Director effective from April
                  17, 2023. For the period up to April 16, 2023, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was a non-executive Director of the
                  Company as defined under HK Listing Rules. For the period up to April 16, 2023, pursuant to the Company’s
                  Independent Director Compensation Policy, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper receives compensation for his service as
                  an independent director as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rules.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2024       ANNUAL REPORT           337
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive


            For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Board of Directors comprised one executive
            director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
            Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:


                                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                     US$’000            US$’000


            Fees                                                                                             –                   –
            Other emoluments:
              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,297                1,275
              Performance related bonuses                                                              1,540                1,132
              Share-based compensation expenses                                                       15,610              14,336


                                                                                                      18,447              16,743


            For the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Board of Directors comprised one non-executive
            directors, Xiaodong Wang. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any compensation as a director. The
            compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the years ended December 31, 2024
            and 2023 were detailed below and also included in Note 26.


            Year ended December 31, 2024


                                                        Salaries,                      Share-based
                                                 allowances and       Performance     compensation Pension scheme             Total
                                          Fees   benefits in kind   related bonuses      expenses      contributions   remuneration
                                       US$’000          US$’000            US$’000        US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


            Xiaodong Wang                  100                 –               150           3,948                –           4,198




338    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


    (b)   Executive director, non-executive directors and chief executive (Continued)


          Year ended December 31,2023


                                                        Salaries,    Performance     Share-based          Pension
                                                  allowances and          related   compensation          scheme            Total
                                         Fees     benefits in kind      bonuses         expenses     contributions   remuneration
                                      US$’000           US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000


          Xiaodong Wang                     267                 –            150           3,854                –          4,271


25. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES


    The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 included the following
    number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 24 above.


                                                                                                     2024                 2023


    Directors and chief executive                                                                          2                   2
    Neither directors nor chief executive                                                                  3                   3


                                                                                                           5                   5


    Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
    nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                   US$’000           US$’000


    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                        3,601               2,223
    Performance related bonuses                                                                      1,344               1,644
    Share-based compensation expenses                                                               20,267              18,874
    Pension scheme contributions                                                                         21                  17


                                                                                                    25,233              22,758




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024       ANNUAL REPORT           339
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)

      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                         Number of employees
                                                                                            2024            2023

      HK$35,000,001 to HK$40,000,000                                                             –                 1
      HK$50,000,001 to HK$55,000,000                                                             1                 1
      HK$60,000,001 to HK$65,000,000                                                             1                 –
      HK$80,000,001 to HK$85,000,000                                                             1                 –
      HK$90,000,001 to HK$95,000,000                                                             –                 1


                                                                                                 3                 3


      For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, share options or restricted share units were granted to a
      non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employee in respect of his services to the Group, further
      details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 18. The fair value of such options,
      which have been recognized in the statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the
      date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the
      above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.

26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Company had the following
      related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

      (a)   Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
            service to the Group, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year
            ended December 31, 2024 consisted of (i) US$100,000 (2023: US$100,000) in consulting fees, (ii)
            US$150,000 (2023: US$150,000) as a performance-based cash bonus, (iii) an option to purchase
            410,657 ordinary shares (2023: 327,249 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value of US$2,667,000
            (2023: US$2,667,000), (iv) 108,992 ordinary shares of RSUs (2023: 86,216 ordinary shares) with a grant
            date fair value of US$1,333,000 (2023:US$1,333,000) and (v) the compensation during the year ended
            December 31, 2023 includes payment for Hart Scott Rodino (HSR) filing, which reflects a total payment
            of US$167,000.

      (b)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:

                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2024           2023
                                                                                          US$’000       US$’000

            Short term employee benefits                                                    10,234             8,120
            Post-employment benefits                                                            51                33
            Share-based compensation expenses                                               42,575            38,157


            Total compensation paid to key management personnel                             52,860            46,310


      The cash component of the above related party transaction also constitutes a fully-exempt continuing
      connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


340     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
   Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information
   is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate
   resources and in assessing performance. The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products.
   Its chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses
   performance, and allocates resources on a consolidated basis.


   The primary measure of segment profitability for the Company’s operating segment is considered to be
   consolidated net loss. Significant segment expenses reviewed by the CODM on a regular basis included
   within net loss include cost of product sales, research and development expenses and selling, general and
   administrative expenses which are separately presented on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of
   Operations. Other segment items within net loss include interest income, net, other (expense) income, net and
   income tax expense.


   The Company’s long-lived assets are primarily located in the U.S. and China.


   Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration
   revenue is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net
   revenues by geographic area are presented as follows:


                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000


   U.S. - total revenue                                                             1,957,498         1,128,219
   Product revenue                                                                  1,950,530          945,551
   Collaboration revenue                                                                6,968          182,668


   China – total revenue                                                            1,411,307         1,101,951
   Product revenue                                                                  1,390,699         1,093,091
   Collaboration revenue                                                               20,608             8,860


   Europe – total revenue                                                             362,626          202,014
   Product revenue                                                                    359,507          122,228
   Collaboration revenue                                                                3,119            79,786


   Rest of world – total revenue                                                       78,810            26,595
   Product revenue                                                                     78,810            28,982
   Collaboration revenue                                                                     –           (2,387)


   Total Revenue                                                                    3,810,241         2,458,779




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT         341
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS


      The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
      respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of material differences
      between the financial information of the Company prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:


                                                                      Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                            IFRS adjustments
                                                         Amounts       Share-based
                                                       as reported compensation
                                                        under U.S.      and related                       Amounts
      Consolidated statement of operations data             GAAP                 tax         Lease      under IFRS
                                                                           (note (i))    (note (iii))
                                                          US$’000          US$’000       US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development                          (1,953,295)         (21,357)         1,338      (1,973,314)
      Selling, general and administrative               (1,831,056)         (17,535)         1,814      (1,846,777)
      Interest income (expense), net                        47,836                  –       (2,677)         45,159


      Loss before income tax expense                      (533,001)         (38,892)            475       (571,418)
      Income tax expense                                  (111,785)           (1,954)              –      (113,739)


      Net loss                                            (644,786)         (40,846)            475       (685,157)


                                                                      Year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                            IFRS adjustments
                                                          Amounts      Share-based
                                                       as reported compensation
                                                        under U.S.       and related                      Amounts
      Consolidated statement of operations data             GAAP                  tax        Lease      under IFRS
                                                                            (note (i))   (note (iii))
                                                          US$’000          US$’000       US$’000          US$’000


      Research and development                          (1,778,594)         (31,745)         1,344      (1,808,995)
      Selling, general and administrative               (1,508,001)         (21,942)         1,659      (1,528,284)
      Interest income (expense), net                        74,009                  –        (3,082)        70,927


      Loss before income tax expense                      (825,836)         (53,687)             (79)     (879,602)
      Income tax expense                                   (55,872)         (15,000)               –       (70,872)


      Net loss                                            (881,708)         (68,687)             (79)     (950,474)




342    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


                                                                     Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                               IFRS adjustments
                                           Amounts as         Share based
                                         reported under      compensation            Preferred                         Amounts
   Consolidated balance sheet data          U.S. GAAP      and related tax             Shares             Lease      under IFRS
                                                                  (note (i))         (note (ii))      (note (iii))
                                               US$’000           US$’000             US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


   Operating lease right-of-use assets         139,309                    –                    –          (1,909)       137,400


   Total assets                              5,920,910                    –                    –          (1,909)     5,919,001


   Additional paid-in capital               12,087,908             40,846                      –                –    12,713,377
                                                                 276,729*            307,894*                   –
   Accumulated deficit                       (8,606,836)           (40,846)                    –             475     (9,234,214)
                                                                 (276,729)*          (307,894)*           (2,384)*


   Total equity                              3,332,222                    –                    –          (1,909)     3,330,313


                                                                     Year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                               IFRS adjustments
                                            Amounts as        Share based
                                         reported under      compensation            Preferred                         Amounts
   Consolidated balance sheet data           U.S. GAAP     and related tax               Shares           Lease      under IFRS
                                                                  (note (i))          (note (ii))     (note (iii))
                                               US$’000           US$’000             US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


   Operating lease right-of-use assets          95,207                    –                    –          (2,384)        92,823


   Total assets                              5,805,275                    –                    –          (2,384)     5,802,891


   Additional paid-in capital               11,598,688             68,687                      –                –    12,183,311
                                                                 208,042*            307,894*                   –
   Accumulated deficit                       (7,962,050)           (68,687)                    –              (79)   (8,549,057)
                                                                 (208,042)*          (307,894)*           (2,305)*


   Total equity                              3,537,327                    –                    –          (2,384)     3,534,943


   *     IFRS adjustments brought forward from prior years




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.           •     2024     ANNUAL REPORT         343
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


      Notes:


      (i)     Share based compensation and related tax


              Under U.S. GAAP, the Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
              all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
              compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date value of the options that
              are vested at that date.


              Under IFRS, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
              granted with graded vesting.


              A difference of US$38,892,000 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
              development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRS for
              the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: US$53,687,000).


              Under IFRS, the excess tax benefit resulting from the pre-tax deductible amount arising from U.S. employee share-
              based payments over the cumulative share-based payment-related expenses recognized for accounting purposes
              should be recorded in shareholders’ equity rather than in current income tax expenses/benefits under U.S. GAAP.


      (ii)    Preferred Shares


              Prior to the Company’s U.S. IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares
              at the time of the U.S. IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as
              mezzanine equity as these convertible preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event
              (i.e., Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence
              of the conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred
              shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options are clearly and closely related to
              the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options are not
              publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible
              preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
              favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently and is
              not probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction
              is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is
              probable that they will become redeemable.


              Under IFRS, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
              conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
              being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
              Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
              occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRS, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
              as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
              recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
              Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016
              was recognized in the statement of operations under IFRS and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes
              was recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the
              ordinary shares. The effect of such IFRS adjustments on accumulated deficit and additional paid in capital was
              US$307,894,000 which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.




344         BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


   Notes: (Continued)


   (iii)   Lease


           As a lessee, the Company recognized a lease liability based on the present value of the total remaining lease
           payments, and a corresponding right-of-use asset under U.S. GAAP. The Company subsequently recognize an
           operating lease expense on straight line basis over the lease term.


           IFRS 16, Lease requires entities to present interest expense on the lease liability and depreciation on the right-of-use
           assets separately in the statement of operations. This will change the allocation of expenses and the total amount of
           expenses recognized for each period of the lease term. The combination of a straight-line depreciation of the right-of-
           use asset and the effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability will result in a higher total charge to profit
           or loss in the initial years of the lease terms, and a decreasing expense during the latter years of the lease terms.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.          •     2024     ANNUAL REPORT              345
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY


                                                            As of December 31,
                                                               2024              2023
                                                            US$’000        US$’000


      Assets
      Current assets:
        Cash and cash equivalents                           400,135         723,964
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets           249,016         785,471


      Total current assets                                  649,151       1,509,435


      Non-current assets:
        Loans to subsidiaries                              1,731,266      2,030,249
        Investment in wholly owned subsidiaries            2,081,335      1,207,352
        Other non-current assets                            114,728          69,361


      Total assets                                         4,576,480      4,816,397


      Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
      Current liabilities:
        Accrued expenses and other payables                 424,111         197,289
        Indebtedness to subsidiaries                              –         362,917
        Short-term debt                                     762,146         547,215


      Total current liabilities                            1,186,257      1,107,421


      Non-current Liability:
        Other long-term liabilities                          58,000         171,649


      Total liabilities                                    1,244,257      1,279,070


      Total shareholders’ equity                           3,332,223      3,537,327


      Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity           4,576,480      4,816,397




346     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


    A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                       Accumulated
                                                                                                             Other
                                                               Ordinary Shares            Additional Comprehensive     Accumulated
                                                              Shares         Amount Paid-In Capital           Loss          Deficit        Total
                                                                             US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000      US$’000


    Balance at December 31, 2022                        1,356,140,180            135     11,540,979         (77,417)     (7,080,342)   4,383,355

    Issuance of shares reserved for share option
      exercises                                               84,227               –              –               –               –            –
    Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         26,561,925               2         53,006               –               –      53,008
    Cancellation of ordinary shares                       (23,273,108)            (2)      (362,915)              –               –     (362,917)
    Share-based compensation                                        –              –        367,618               –               –     367,618
    Other comprehensive loss                                        –              –              –         (22,029)              –      (22,029)
    Net loss                                                        –              –              –               –        (881,708)    (881,708)


    Balance at December 31, 2023                        1,359,513,224            135     11,598,688         (99,446)     (7,962,050)   3,537,327


    Use of shares reserved for share option exercises      (2,258,161)             –              –               –               –            –
    Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs         30,112,641               3         45,550               –               –      45,553
    Deconsolidation of a subsidiary                                 –              –          2,052               –               –       2,052
    Share-based compensation                                        –              –        441,618               –               –     441,618
    Other comprehensive loss                                        –              –              –         (49,542)              –      (49,542)
    Net loss                                                        –              –              –               –        (644,786)    (644,786)


    Balance at December 31, 2024                        1,387,367,704            138     12,087,908        (148,988)     (8,606,836)   3,332,222


    The above statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
    and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the HK Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
    Ordinance.


    Certain comparative amounts of the statement of financial position of the Company have been reclassified to
    conform with the current year’s presentation.




                                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2024      ANNUAL REPORT            347
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. DIVIDENDS


      The Board did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024
      (year ended December 31, 2023: nil).


31. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 27, 2025.




348    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                       the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and most
                                  recently amended on April 17, 2015


“2016 Plan”                       the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                  approved by the shareholders of the Company on December 7, 2018, as
                                  amended from time to time, the principal terms of which were set out in the
                                  Company’s Proxy Statement/Circular dated April 29, 2022


“2018 ESPP”                       the Third Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan most
                                  recently amended on June 16, 2021 (effective as of September 1, 2021)


“Adoption of the Proposed Swiss   the proposed adoption of the Proposed Swiss Articles in compliance with
  Articles”                       the laws of Switzerland to replace the Articles


“ADS(s)”                          American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                                  Company)


“affiliate(s)”                    with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                                  controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with
                                  such specified person


“Amended 2016 Plan”               the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                                  approved by the shareholders of the Company on June 5, 2024, as amended
                                  from time to time, the principal terms of which were set out in the Company’s
                                  Proxy Statement/Circular dated April 26, 2024


“Amended 2018 ESPP”               the Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                                  approved by the shareholders of the Company on June 5, 2024, as amended
                                  from time to time, the principal terms of which were set out in the Company’s
                                  Proxy Statement/Circular dated April 26, 2024


“Amgen”                           Amgen Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, US, on
                                  April 7, 1987


“Amgen Collaboration              a Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019, by and between
  Agreement”                      BeiGene Switzerland and Amgen, which became effective on January 2,
                                  2020


“Amgen SPA” or “Share Purchase    the share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by and
  Agreement”                      between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024    ANNUAL REPORT          349
DEFINITIONS


“Articles”                           the seventh amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                     adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on June 15, 2023,
                                     as amended from time to time


“associate(s)”                       has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“BeiGene”, “Company”,                BeiGene, Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “our Company” or                   under the laws of the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010
  “the Company”


“BeiGene Biologics”                  BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州生物藥業有限公司), a company
                                     incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and an
                                     indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Company


“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”          BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. *(廣州百濟神州生物
                                     製藥有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on March
                                     3, 2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics


“BeiGene Switzerland”                BeiGene Switzerland GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of
                                     Switzerland on September 1, 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                     Company


“BLA”                                biologics license application


“BMS”                                Bristol-Myers Squibb Company


“BMS-Celgene”                        Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, Celgene Switzerland
                                     LLC, Celgene Kappa Holdings LLC, Celgene Holdings East Corporation, and
                                     Celgene Logistics


“Board” or “Board of Directors”      the Board of Directors of the Company


“China” or “PRC”                     the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                                     only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                     Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be construed
                                     accordingly


“CMO”                                contract manufacturing organization


“Companies Ordinance”                the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




350     BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


“connected person(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Continuation”                   the proposed change of domicile of the Company from the Cayman
                                 Islands to Switzerland by way of de-registration in the Cayman Islands and
                                 continuation as a stock corporation under the laws of Switzerland


“corporate communication”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Corporate Governance Code”      the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out
                                 in Appendix C1 to the HK Listing Rules


“CROs”                           contract research organizations


“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of our Company


“EGM”                            an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be convened for the
                                 purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving (i) the Continuation; (ii)
                                 the Adoption of the Proposed Swiss Articles; and (iii) the Election of Swiss
                                 Auditor and Approval of Related Audit Services and Renumeration


“Election of Swiss Auditor and   the proposed election of Ernst & Young AG, Zurich, Switzerland, as the
  Approval of Related Audit      Swiss statutory auditor of the Company and approval of its related audit
  Services and Renumeration”     services and remuneration


“EMA”                            European Medicines Agency


“EU”                             the European Union


“FDA”                            U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“GDPR”                           General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679


“Group”, “our Group”,            the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “the Group”, “we”,
  “us”, or “our”


“HKEx”                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2024    ANNUAL REPORT          351
DEFINITIONS


“HK Listing Rules”                      the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                        Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
                                        to time


“Hong Kong” or “HK”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or                  Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollar” or “HK$”


“IFRS”                                  International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                                        the International Accounting Standards Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”          any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company within
                                        the meaning ascribed thereto under the HK Listing Rules


“IPO”                                   initial public offering


“Listing”                               the listing of our Shares on the Main Board


“Luye Pharmaceutical”                   Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd


“Main Board”                            the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the HKEx
                                        which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM


“Model Code”                            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set
                                        out in Appendix C3 to the HK Listing Rules


“NASDAQ”                                Nasdaq Stock Market


“NASDAQ Listing Rules”                  the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market


“NDA”                                   new drug application


“NMPA”                                  National Medical Products Administration, successor to the China Food and
                                        Drug Administration


“Novartis”                              Novartis Pharma AG


“NRDL”                                  the National Reimbursement Drug List


“NYSE”                                  New York Stock Exchange




352      BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    DEFINITIONS


“Proposed Swiss Articles”   the articles of association of the Company proposed to be adopted by the
                            Company in compliance with the laws of Switzerland, which shall become
                            effective upon the effectiveness of the Continuation of the Company


“Prospectus”                the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018


“PSU(s)”                    performance share units, being a contingent right to received Shares
                            awarded under the Amended 2016 Plan


“Reporting Period”          the year ended December 31, 2024


“RMB” or “Renminbi”         Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“RMB Shares”                the Shares subscribed for in RMB by target subscriber(s) in the PRC, which
                            are listed on the STAR Market and traded in RMB


“RSU(s)”                    restricted share units, being a contingent right to receive Shares awarded
                            under the 2016 Plan and the Amended 2016 Plan


“SAFE”                      State Administration of Foreign Exchange


“SEC”                       Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFO”                       the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                            Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shareholder(s)”            holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Share(s)”                  ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company


“sNDA”                      supplementary new drug applications


“SSE”                       Shanghai Stock Exchange


“STAR Market”               the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock
                            Exchange


“STAR Offering”             issue of RMB Shares and listing on the STAR Market of the SSE


“subsidiary(ies)”           has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                            Ordinance




                                               BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT       353
DEFINITIONS


“substantial shareholder”                has the meaning ascribed to it in the HK Listing Rules


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”          the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                         subject to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars” or          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
  “US$”


“U.S. GAAP” or “GAAP”                    United States generally accepted accounting principles




354    BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2024   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“ADC”                 means   antibody-drug conjugate


“BRAF”                means   a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal
                              cell signals that direct cell growth


“BTK”                 means   Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                              pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival
                              in various lymphomas


“cHL”                 means   classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma


“CLL”                 means   chronic lymphocytic leukemia


“complete response”   means   the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment


“FcγR”                means   Fc-gamma receptor


“FL”                  means   follicular lymphoma


“immunoglobulin”      means   glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                              are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                              response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens,
                              such as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction


“Kinase”              means   a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from
                              high-energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The
                              protein kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act
                              on proteins, phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or
                              histidine residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme
                              regulation as well as signaling in the cell


“MCL”                 means   mantle cell lymphoma


“MZL”                 means   marginal zone lymphoma


“NMEs”                means   new molecular entities


“NSCLC”               means   non-small cell lung cancer




                                               BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT         355
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“PARP”                   means       poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous
                                     cellular processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional
                                     regulation, which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to
                                     DNA damage


“PD-1”                   means       programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor
                                     expressed on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and
                                     PD-L2. PD-1 is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in
                                     down-regulating the immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells


“pivotal trials”         means       a potentially registration-enabling trial or program that is intended to
                                     provide clinical data to support a regulatory approval for marketing the
                                     drug candidate


“R/R”                    means       relapsed or refractory


“SLL”                    means       small lymphocytic lymphoma


“T-Cell”                 means       a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and
                                     that differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of
                                     the T-cell receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible
                                     for recognizing antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex
                                     molecules


“UC”                     means       urothelial carcinoma


“WM”                     means       Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia




356      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2024   ANNUAL REPORT
