2018
ANNUAL
REPORT
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                     2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                4


BUSINESS                                                                   5


RISK FACTORS                                                              40


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                        114


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       115


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                          148


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                  154


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                              184


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                              201


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM                  219


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        220


DEFINITIONS                                                              305


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                              308




                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      COMPANY SECRETARY

                                                        Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCIS, FCS) of
Executive Director
                                                        Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited
Mr. John V. Oyler
    (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)              AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Non-Executive Director                                  Mr. Scott A. Samuels
                                                        Dr. Howard Liang
Dr. Xiaodong Wang
                                                        AUDITOR
Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                        As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
Mr. Timothy Chen
                                                        Ernst & Young
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller                                      As to United States financial reporting audit
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                                    Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                                  REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Qingqing Yi
                                                        The offices of Mourant Governance Services
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                           (Cayman) Limited
                                                        94 Solaris Avenue
Mr. Thomas Malley (Chairman)                            Camana Bay
Mr. Timothy Chen                                        Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Mr. Qingqing Yi                                         Cayman Islands


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE                                  HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                          OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
Mr. Qingqing Yi (Chairman)
Mr. Timothy Chen
                                                        No.30 Science Park Road
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                        Zhong-Guan-Cun Life Science Park
                                                        Changping District
NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
                                                        Beijing
    GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                                PRC

Mr. Donald W. Glazer (Chairman)
Mr. Michael Goller




2        BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
  HONG KONG                                            TRANSFER OFFICE

Room 1901, 19/F, Lee Garden One                      Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
33 Hysan Avenue                                      94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay
Causeway Bay                                         Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Hong Kong                                            Cayman Islands


LEGAL ADVISORS                                       STOCK CODE

As to Hong Kong law and United States law            06160
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
                                                     COMPANY WEBSITE
As to PRC law
Fangda Partners                                      www.beigene.com

As to Cayman Islands law
Mourant Ozannes


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

Somerley Capital Limited
20th Floor, China Building
29 Queen’s Road Central
Central, Hong Kong


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT      3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


Certain statements in this annual report are forward looking statements that are, by their nature, subject to
significant risks and uncertainties. Any statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs,
plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words
or phrases such as “will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “believe”, “going forward”, “ought to”, “may”, “seek”,
“should”, “intend”, “plan”, “projection”, “could”, “vision”, “goals”, “aim”, “aspire”, “objective”, “target”, “schedules”
and “outlook”) are not historical facts, are forward-looking and may involve estimates and assumptions and are
subject to risks (including but not limited to the risk factors detailed in this annual report), uncertainties and other
factors some of which are beyond our Company’s control and which are difficult to predict. Accordingly, these
factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
statements.

Our forward-looking statements have been based on assumptions and factors concerning future events that may
prove to be inaccurate. Those assumptions and factors are based on information currently available to us about the
businesses that we operate. The risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, that
could influence actual results include, but are not limited to:

•    our operations and business prospects;

•    our business and operating strategies and our ability to implement such strategies;

•    our ability to develop and manage our operations and business;

•    our future general and administrative expenses;

•    competition for, among other things, capital, technology and skilled personnel;

•    our ability to control costs;

•    changes to regulatory and operating conditions in the industry and geographical markets in which we operate;
     and

•    all other risks and uncertainties described in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this annual report.

Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-
looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required by the
Listing Rules, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. Statements of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of the date of this
annual report. Any such intentions may change in light of future developments.

All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by reference to this cautionary
statement.




4      BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeiGene,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and
“our” refer to BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.

OVERVIEW

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative
molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for the treatment of cancer. Our internally-developed lead drug
candidates are currently in late-stage clinical trials, including 21 registration or registration-enabling trials in 14
discrete cancer indications. We have submitted three new drug applications for regulatory approval in China and
are planning for new drug launches and additional submissions in China and the United States in 2019 and 2020.
In addition, we are marketing three in-licensed cancer drugs in China from which we have been generating product
revenue since September 2017.

We started as a research and development company in Beijing in 2010, focusing on developing best-in-class
oncology drugs. Over the last nine years, we have developed into a fully-integrated global biotechnology company
with operations in China, the United States, Europe and Australia, including a more than 800-person global clinical
development team running over 50 ongoing or planned clinical trials as of January 24, 2019. We also have a
growing commercial team that is selling our existing in-licensed drugs in China and preparing for launches of our
internally-developed drug candidates in China and the United States, as well as internal manufacturing capabilities
in China that are operational or under construction for the clinical and commercial supply of our small molecule and
biologic drug candidates.

Our lead internally-developed drug candidates include the following:

•     Zanubrutinib (BGB-3111) - a potentially best-in-class investigational small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s
      tyrosine kinase, or BTK, designed to maximize BTK occupancy and minimize off-target effects, that is
      currently being evaluated in a broad pivotal clinical program in China and in other markets, including the
      United States, Europe and Australia, which we refer to as globally, for which we submitted for approval in
      China in 2018 initially for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory (R/R) mantle cell lymphoma,
      or MCL, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia or small lymphocytic lymphoma, or CLL/SLL. We subsequently
      received priority review in China for both R/R MCL and R/R CLL/SLL. We also plan to submit in 2019 or early
      2020 a new drug application, or NDA, to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and an NDA in
      China for Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia, or WM. In the United States, the FDA has granted zanubrutinib
      Fast Track status in WM and Breakthrough Therapy designation for the treatment of adult patients with MCL
      who have received at least one prior therapy. We plan to launch zanubrutinib in China and the United States if
      we receive approval from the relevant regulatory authorities;

•     Tislelizumab (BGB-A317) - an investigational humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune
      checkpoint receptor programmed cell death protein 1, or PD-1, specifically designed to minimize binding to
      FcγR on macrophages, that is currently being evaluated in a broad pivotal clinical program for both solid
      tumor and hematological indications, both globally and in China, for which we submitted for approval in China
      in 2018 initially for the treatment of R/R classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma, or cHL. We subsequently received
      priority review in China, and we plan to launch tislelizumab in China if we receive approval. We also plan to file
      an NDA in China for the treatment of urothelial bladder cancer, or UBC; and




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             5
BUSINESS


•       Pamiparib (BGB-290) - an investigational small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1, or
        PARP1, and PARP2 enzymes that is being evaluated in two pivotal clinical trials in China, a global Phase 3
        trial, and earlier-stage trials in solid tumor cancers.

In addition to our three late-stage clinical drug candidates, our pipeline also includes three internally-developed
drug candidates in early stage clinical development: lifirafenib (BGB-283), an investigational RAF dimer inhibitor;
BGB-A333, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor ligand PD-
L1; and BGB-A425, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3. We also pursue in-licensing
opportunities that, among other things, allow us to help our collaborators by leveraging our capabilities in clinical
development and commercialization in China and other Asia-Pacific countries. Our business development efforts
have led to a development-stage portfolio that includes sitravatinib, an investigational, spectrum-selective kinase
inhibitor in clinical development by Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., or Mirati, for which we have in-licensed development
and commercial rights in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand; and ZW25 and ZW49, two bispecific
antibody-based biologic drug candidates targeting HER2, in clinical development by Zymeworks Inc., or
Zymeworks, for which we have in-licensed development and commercial rights in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia
and New Zealand.

We entered into a strategic collaboration with Celgene Corporation in August 2017, in which we obtained an
exclusive license to market in China Celgene’s approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID® and VIDAZA®,
as well as rights in China to develop and commercialize avadomide (CC-122), an investigational next-generation
Cereblon modulator currently in clinical development by Celgene outside of China for lymphoma and hepatocellular
carcinomas, or HCC. As part of the collaboration, we also granted Celgene an exclusive right to develop and
commercialize tislelizumab for solid tumors in the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of the world other than
Asia.

We believe that we are well-positioned to capture significant market opportunities in China for innovative cancer
therapies, including those created by recent regulatory reforms and new reimbursement policies. China is the
second largest pharmaceutical market in the world based on revenue. We believe that there is a large and growing
opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China based on significant unmet medical need, a large target patient
population, expanding reimbursement coverage, and increasing treatment affordability and willingness to pay. In
addition, China’s chief drug regulator, the National Medical Products Administration, or NMPA, has undertaken
significant regulatory reforms that are designed to accelerate the development of new innovative drugs and
allow China to be an integral part of global drug development. In addition, innovative oncology drugs have been
included in the most recent National Reimbursement Drug List, or NRDL, reducing out-of-pocket expenses for
patients. We believe that access to the large number of patients in China during clinical development as well as
commercialization creates new opportunities for us. Leveraging our strong China presence and experience, as
well as our commitment to global standards of innovation and quality, we believe that we have a unique ability to
effectively take advantage of these opportunities.




6        BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


OUR STRATEGY

Our mission is to become a global leader in the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative
therapies. In the near term, we plan to focus on pursuing what we believe are the following significant opportunities:

•    Globally Develop and Commercialize Zanubrutinib, a Potentially Best-in-Class BTK Inhibitor. Zanubrutinib
     is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK that is currently being evaluated both as a monotherapy
     and in combination with other therapies to treat various lymphomas. Our clinical experience to date suggests
     a potentially best-in-class profile. To pursue this opportunity, we are conducting a broad pivotal clinical
     program globally and in China. We have submitted for approval in China for two indications based on single-
     arm Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with R/R CLL/SLL and R/R MCL. Both applications have been accepted
     and are being reviewed under priority review status. In addition, we are conducting three global Phase 3 trials:
     head-to-head against ibrutinib, an approved BTK inhibitor, for patients with WM; against bendamustine plus
     rituximab for patients with treatment naïve, or TN, CLL/SLL; and head-to-head against ibrutinib for patients
     with R/R CLL/SLL. Further, we are conducting a global pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination with obinutuzumab
     in follicular lymphoma, or FL, a pivotal Phase 2 trial in China in WM, and we have recently begun a global
     study in R/R marginal zone lymphoma, or MZL. Subject to the successful completion and satisfactory results
     of these trials, we expect to submit for approval of zanubrutinib in the United States in 2019 or early 2020,
     where it has been granted Fast Track status for patients with WM and Breakthrough Therapy designation for
     patients with R/R MCL. We also plan to file an NDA in China for patients with WM.

•    Develop and Commercialize Our Investigational Checkpoint Inhibitor, Tislelizumab, in a Rapidly and
     Favorably Evolving China Market and Other Markets. We believe that there is a large and growing
     opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China and that the market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1 antibody
     therapies may be especially attractive, as this class of agents has demonstrated anti-tumor activity in all four
     of the most common tumors in China: lung cancer, gastric cancer (GC), liver cancer and esophageal cancer
     (EC). We believe that we are uniquely positioned to capture this opportunity with our strong presence and
     experience in China and our integrated global clinical development capabilities in China and other Asia-Pacific
     countries, the United States, Europe and Australia. We have submitted an NDA in China to market tislelizumab
     for the treatment of patients with R/R cHL, and the application has been accepted and is being reviewed
     under priority review status. We are currently running 11 registration or potentially registration-enabling trials
     in six tumor types and expect to commence additional global pivotal trials in 2019 and 2020. We also plan to
     submit an NDA in China for patients with UBC. We have additional earlier stage exploratory studies ongoing,
     and we plan to initiate other studies.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             7
BUSINESS


•   Establish a Leadership Position by Further Expanding Our Capabilities. Although we believe that we have
    significant integrated capabilities in research and clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization,
    we plan to continue to strengthen and expand our operations. In particular, we plan to significantly expand our
    commercial capabilities in China in preparation for the potential launch of our drug candidates and to support
    our existing marketed drugs. We have an established commercial team in China, which provides coverage of
    large hospitals and physician clients. As a result of the improving reimbursement environment in China, which
    is expected to provide access to innovative medicines for a significantly larger number of patients, we believe
    that the scale of our commercial organization and the breadth of our market coverage will become even more
    important. We plan to invest in expanding our teams of sales and marketing, market access, medical affairs,
    compliance, manufacturing, and other supporting functions. We aim to become a leading organization in
    the commercialization of oncology drugs in China. Outside of China, we are currently building commercial
    capabilities in the hematology-oncology area in the United States. In addition, we plan to continue to invest in
    building our global clinical development capabilities, which we believe will provide a competitive advantage in
    allowing us to conduct pivotal trials to support approvals globally and in China.

•   Take Advantage of Significant Regulatory Reforms in China to Accelerate Global Drug Development.
    Historically, the regulatory environment in China has been considered highly challenging, with clinical
    development significantly delayed and regulatory approvals taking much longer than in the United States
    and Europe. To address these challenges, the NMPA has issued a series of reform policies and opinions,
    which, among many things, are expected to expand access to clinical patients and expedite development
    and approval by removing delays and creating an environment with international quality standards for drug
    development, manufacturing and commercialization in China. We expect that these regulatory reforms will
    allow clinical trials in China to play a major role in global drug development programs. We also believe that
    the ability to effectively operate in China and integrate trials conducted in China with those in the rest of the
    world will be of increasing strategic importance. We are already taking advantage of these opportunities by
    conducting and leading dual-purpose global/China registration trials.

•   Expand Our Product Portfolio and Pipeline Through Collaborations with Other Biopharmaceutical
    Companies to Complement Our Internal Research. We expect to further expand our portfolio of drugs and
    drug candidates, in oncology as well as potentially in other therapeutic areas, through internal research and
    external collaborations, such as our collaborations with Celgene, Mirati and Zymeworks. We intend to pursue
    collaborations with other biopharmaceutical companies both in China and globally by leveraging our strong
    clinical development capabilities globally and our commercial capabilities in China. We have pursued and
    plan to continue to pursue business development opportunities in which development in China is expected
    to contribute to, and potentially accelerate, the global development program. We believe that there will be
    increasing interest by international biopharmaceutical companies in seeking collaborations in Asia, particularly
    in oncology, because clinical recruitment is a major bottleneck in new drug development.




8    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                             BUSINESS


OUR PIPELINE AND COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS

The following table summarizes the status of our pipeline and commercial products as of February 20, 2019:
                                                                        DOSE ESC.         DOSE EXPANSION               PIVOTAL                                                                                 COMMERCIAL
                             ASSETS       PROGRAMS (MECHANISMS)                                     PH2*                                 FILED     LEAD INDICATIONS
                                                                          PH1a            PH1b                      PH2**      PH3                                                                               RIGHTS
                                                                                                                                                 • R/R MCL, R/R CLL/SLL (NDAs accepted)
                                                                                                                                                 • R/R WM
                           zanubrutinib   monotherapy
                                                                                                                                                 • WM, 1L CLL/SLL, R/R CLL/SLL                                       Global
                               (BTK)                                                                                                             • R/R MZL
                                          GAZYVA ® combo (CD20)                                                                                  • R/R FL
                                                                                                                                                 • R/R HL (NDA accepted)
                                                                                                                                                 • 2L+ UC (pivotal Ph2)
                                          monotherapy                                                                                            • 2L NSCLC, 1L HCC, 2L ESCC                            Global (heme malignancies)
                                                                                                                                                 • 2L/3L HCC
                           tislelizumab                                                                                                          • R/R NK/T-cell lymphoma
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Asia ex-Japan (solid tumors)¹
                              (PD-1)      chemo combo (Chemo)                                                                                    • 1L Sq NSCLC, 1L Non-Sq NSCLC




    Internally-Developed
                                                                                                                                                 • 1L GC, 1L ESCC
                                          pamiparib combo (PARP)                                                                                 • Solid tumors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Global
                                          zanubrutinib combo (BTK)                                                                               • B-cell malignancies
                                                                                                                                                 • Solid tumors
                                          monotherapy                                                                                            • 3L gBRCA+ ovarian cancer
                                                                                                                                                 • 2L platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer maintenance
                            pamiparib                                                                                                            • 1L platinum-sensitive gastric cancer maintenance                  Global
                              (PARP)      TMZ combo (Chemo)                                                                                      • Solid tumors
                                          RT/TMZ combo (RT/Chemo)                                                                                • Glioblastoma

                            lifirafenib   monotherapy
                                                                                                                                                 • B-Raf- or K-RAS/N-RAS-mutated solid tumors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Global
                            (RAF Dimer)                                                                                                          • B-Raf- or K-RAS/N-RAS-mutated solid tumors

                            BGB-A333      monotherapy and
                                                                                                                                                 • Solid tumors                                                      Global
                              (PD-L1)     tislelizumab combo (PD-1)

                            BGB-A425      monotherapy and
                                                                                                                                                 • Solid tumors                                                      Global
                              (TIM-3)     tislelizumab combo (PD-1)
                           REVLIMID ®     (IMiD)                                                                                                 • R/R MM (marketed), NDMM (marketed), R/R NHL (Ph3)                 China
                                                                                                                                     Marketed
                           ABRAXANE ®     (albumin-bound paclitaxel)                                                                             • Breast cancer                                                     China
                                                                                                                                     Marketed



    In-Licensed
                            VIDAZA ®      (hypomethylating agent)                                                                                • MDS, AML with 20-30% bone marrow blasts, CMMoL                    China
                                                                                                                                     Marketed
                           avadomide      (CC-122, CELMoD)                Planned (in Ph2 ex-China by Celgene)                                   • NHL                                                               China

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Asia ex-Japan,
                           sitravatinib   (multi-kinase inhibitor)                                                                               • Solid tumors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AU, NZ 2
                              ZW25        (bispecific HER2 antibody )     Planned (in Ph1b ex-China by Zymeworks)                                • HER2+ gastric, breast and other cancers
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Asia ex-Japan,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AU, NZ 3




*                  Some indications will not require a non-pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial prior to beginning pivotal Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical
                   trials. **Confirmatory clinical trials post approval are required for accelerated approvals. ***REVLIMID® approved as a
                   combination therapy with dexamethasone. 1. Celgene has the right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab in solid
                   tumors in the U.S., EU, Japan and the rest-of-world outside of Asia. 2. Collaboration with Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.; APAC
                   study. 3. Collaboration with Zymeworks.

                   Abbreviations: 1L = first line; 2L = second line; 3L = third line; AML = acute myeloid leukemia; CLL = chronic lymphocytic
                   leukemia; CMMoL = chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; DLBCL = diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; Dose Esc = dose
                   escalation; ESCC = esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; FL = follicular lymphoma; gBRCA = germline BRCA (Breast
                   Cancer); GC = gastric cancer; HCC = hepatocellular carcinoma; HL = Hodgkin’s lymphoma; IMiD = immunomodulatory
                   drugs; MCL = mantle cell lymphoma; MDS = myelodysplastic syndrome; MM = multiple myeloma; MZL = marginal
                   zone lymphoma; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; ND = newly diagnosed; NDA = new drug application; NHL
                   = non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; NK = natural killer; OC = ovarian cancer; PH = Phase; R/R = relapsed/refractory; RT =
                   radiotherapy; SLL = small lymphocytic lymphoma; Sq = squamous; TMZ = temozolomide; UC = urothelial carcinoma; WM =
                   Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia




                                                                                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.                     •         2018             ANNUAL REPORT                                     9
BUSINESS


OUR CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

A description of our clinical-stage drug candidates, together with a summary of the most recently available publicly
reported clinical data from key clinical trials as of February 28, 2019, is set forth below. We plan to make available
subsequent clinical data from time to time in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission and Hong Kong Stock Exchange, copies of which are available on the Investors section of our website.


Zanubrutinib (BGB-3111), a BTK Inhibitor

Zanubrutinib is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK that is currently being evaluated in a broad
pivotal clinical program globally and in China as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies to treat
various lymphomas. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated higher selectivity against BTK than IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), an
approved BTK inhibitor, based on our biochemical assays; higher exposure than ibrutinib based on their respective
Phase 1 experience in separate studies; and sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood and
lymph node compartments.


Mechanism of Action

BTK is a key component of the B-cell receptor, or BCR, signaling pathway and is an important regulator of cell
proliferation and cell survival in various lymphomas. BTK inhibitors block BCR-induced BTK activation and its
downstream signaling, leading to growth inhibition and cell death in certain malignant white blood cells called B-cells.
Zanubrutinib is an orally active inhibitor that covalently binds to BTK, resulting in irreversible inactivation of the
enzyme.


Market Opportunity and Competition

Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, or NHL, and Hodgkin’s lymphoma, or HL. Depending on the origin of
the cancer cells, lymphomas can also be characterized as B-cell or T-cell lymphomas. B-cell lymphomas make
up approximately 85% of NHLs and comprise a variety of specific diseases involving B-cells at differing stages of
maturation or differentiation. According to statistics from the Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results, or SEER,
program of the U.S. National Cancer Institute, there were 72,240 new NHL cases and 20,140 deaths, and 20,110
new CLL cases and 4,660 deaths in 2017 in the United States. Similar SEER analyses calculate U.S. incidence rates
for MCL of 3,000 and 1,350 for WM. According to a published study (Chen et al., Cancer Statistics in China, 2015,
CA Cancer J. Clin. 2016; 66(2):115-32), which we refer to as Chen et al. 2016, and GLOBOCAN’s online Global
Cancer Observatory analyses on cancer statistics in China, there are an estimated 88,200 to 93,097 new lymphoma
cases and 52,100 to 50,865 deaths in China each year, and of the lymphoma cases, approximately 90% are NHL
and approximately 4.5% of the NHL cases are CLL/SLL.




10     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Conventional methods of treating lymphomas vary according to the specific disease or histology, but generally
include chemotherapy, antibodies directed at CD20, a molecular marker found on the surface of B-cells, and,
less frequently, radiation. Recently, significant progress has been made in the development of new therapies for
lymphomas, including BTK inhibitors, the PI3K inhibitors, idelalisib, copanlisib and duvelisib, and the Bcl-2 inhibitor,
venetoclax. Most recently, a cell-based therapy, YESCARTA® (axicabtagene ciloleucel) was approved for the
treatment of adult patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, or DLBCL, who have failed at least two other kinds
of treatment. YESCARTA® is a genetically modified autologous T-cell immuno-oncology therapy directed at CD19.

The BTK inhibitor IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib) was first approved by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of patients
with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. Since that time, ibrutinib has received supplemental FDA
approvals for the treatment of patients with CLL, CLL patients with 17p deletion, patients with WM, patients with
MZL who have received at least one prior anti-CD20-based therapy, patients with chronic graft versus host disease
after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy, for use in combination with obinutuzumab in CLL, and in
combination with rituximab in WM. Ibrutinib is also approved by the European Medicines Agency for the treatment
of patients with MCL, CLL and WM. Ibrutinib has been approved in over 90 countries and regions, and it was
approved and launched in China at the end of 2017. In 2018, global revenues for BTK inhibitors were approximately
US$4.5 billion according to published reports. Another BTK inhibitor, CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib) was approved
by the FDA in 2017 under accelerated approval for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received at
least one prior therapy. In late 2017, ibrutinib was the first BTK inhibitor approved and launched in China, for the
treatment of patients with R/R CLL/SLL and R/R MCL. Subsequently, in July 2018, ibrutinib was also approved for
first-line CLL.


Summary of Clinical Results

As of January 25, 2019, we had enrolled more than 1,300 patients in clinical trials of zanubrutinib, including trials
of zanubrutinib in combination with other therapies, which we refer to as combination trials. A multi-center, open-
label Phase 1 trial is being conducted in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, South Korea and European
countries to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic properties and preliminary activity of zanubrutinib as a
monotherapy in patients with different subtypes of B-cell malignancies, such as WM, CLL/SLL, FL, and MCL. The
initial results of the dose-escalation phase and dose-expansion phase of this trial demonstrated that, consistent
with zanubrutinib’s pharmacokinetic profile, complete and sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in the blood was
observed in all tested patients, starting at the lowest dose of 40 mg once daily. In addition, sustained full BTK
occupancy was observed in the lymph nodes especially for the 160 mg twice daily dosing regimen. There is no
guarantee that these results will be reproduced in pivotal trials.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            11
BUSINESS


Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia

On October 12, 2018, data from our Phase 1 trial in patients with WM were presented at the 10th International
Workshop on Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia (IWWM). As of the data cutoff of July 24, 2018, 77 patients
with WM were enrolled in the study, and 62 patients remained on study treatment. Responses were determined
according to the modified Sixth International Workshop on WM Criteria.

Seventy-three patients were evaluable for efficacy in this analysis and the median follow-up time was 22.5 months
(4.1-43.9). The median time to response (>PR, or partial response) was 85 days (55-749). At the time of the data
cutoff, 62 patients remained on study treatment. The overall response rate, or ORR, was 92% (67/73), the major
response rate, or MRR, was 82%, and 41% of patients achieved a very good partial response, or VGPR, defined
as a >90% reduction in baseline IgM levels and improvement of extramedullary disease by CT scan. The 12-month
progression-free survival, or PFS, was estimated at 89%. The median PFS had not yet been reached. The median
IgM decreased from 32.7 g/L (5.3-91.9) at baseline to 8.2 g/L (0.3-57.8). The median hemoglobin increased from 8.85
g/dL (6.3-9.8) to 13.4 g/dL (7.7-17.0) among 32 patients with hemoglobin <10 g/dL at baseline.

MYD88 genotype was known in 63 patients. In the subset known to have the MYD88L265P mutation (n=54), the
objective response rate was 94%, the major response rate was 89%, and the VGPR rate was 46%. In the nine
patients known to be MYD88WT, a less common genotype that historically has had sub-optimal response to BTK
inhibition, the ORR was 89%, the MRR was 67%, and the VGPR rate was 22%.

Zanubrutinib was observed to be generally well-tolerated with no discontinuation for zanubrutinib-related toxicity.
The majority of adverse events, or AEs, were grade 1 or 2 in severity. The most frequent AEs of any attribution
were petechia/purpura/contusion (43%), upper respiratory tract infection (42%), cough (17%), diarrhea (17%),
constipation (16%), back pain (16%), and headache (16%). Grade 3-4 AEs of any attribution reported in three or
more patients included neutropenia (9%), anemia (7%), hypertension (5%), basal cell carcinoma (5%), renal and
urinary disorders (4%), and pneumonia (4%). Serious adverse events, or SAEs, were seen in 32 patients (42%), with
events in five patients (7%) considered possibly related to zanubrutinib treatment: febrile neutropenia, colitis, atrial
fibrillation, hemothorax, and pneumonia (n=1 each). Nine patients (12%) discontinued due to AEs: abdominal sepsis
(fatal), septic shoulder, worsening bronchiectasis, scedosporium infection, gastric adenocarcinoma (fatal), prostate
adenocarcinoma, metastatic neuroendocrine carcinoma, acute myeloid leukemia, or breast cancer (n=1 each, all
considered by the investigator to be unrelated to treatment). Atrial fibrillation/flutter occurred in four patients (5%).
Major hemorrhage was observed in two patients (3%). Four patients (5%) discontinued study treatment due to
disease progression as assessed by investigator and one patient remains on treatment post-disease progression.




12     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia/Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma

On October 24, 2018, we announced the acceptance by the NMPA of our NDA for zanubrutinib for the treatment
of patients with R/R CLL/SLL, together with the top line clinical data that supported the filing. The trial was a
91-patient single-arm pivotal Phase 2 study in Chinese patients with R/R CLL/SLL treated with zanubrutinib, dosed
at 160 mg orally twice daily, or BID. An independent review of response data from this study, with a data cut-off of
June 15, 2018 and a median follow-up of 9.1 months, showed an ORR of 80%, inclusive of complete response, or
CR, of 2%, PR of 39%, and partial response with lymphocytosis, or PR-L, of 40%. The median duration of response
had not been reached, as a majority of the responders remained in a response. The safety profile results were
consistent with previously reported clinical data for zanubrutinib, which are described below. We plan to submit
updated data with additional follow-up of the patients in this trial in support of the NDA.

On June 14, 2017, at the 14th International Conference on Malignant Lymphoma in Lugano, Switzerland, data were
presented from patients with CLL/SLL from the same Phase 1 trial that included WM patients described above. As
of the data cutoff of March 31, 2017, 69 patients with CLL or SLL (18 TN, 51 R/R) were enrolled in the trial.

At the time of the data cutoff, 66 patients (16 TN and 50 R/R) had more than 12 weeks of follow-up and were
evaluable for efficacy, and three other patients had less than 12 weeks of follow-up. After a median follow-up of
10.5 months (2.2-26.8 months), the ORR was 94% (62/66) with CRs in 3% (2/66), PRs in 82% (54/66), and PR-Ls in
9% (6/66) of patients. Stable disease, or SD, was observed in 5% (3/66) of patients. A patient with pleural effusion
discontinued treatment prior to week 12 and was not evaluable for response. There was one instance of Hodgkin’s
transformation. In TN CLL/SLL, at a median follow-up time of 7.6 months (3.7-11.6 months), the ORR was 100%
(16/16) with CRs in 6% (1/16), PRs in 81% (13/16) and PR-Ls in 13% (2/16) of patients. In R/R CLL/SLL, at a
median follow-up time of 14.0 months (2.2-26.8 months), the ORR was 92% (46/50) with CRs in 2% (1/50), PRs in
82% (41/50) and PR-Ls in 8% (4/50) of patients. SD was observed in 6% (3/50) patients.

Zanubrutinib was shown to be generally well-tolerated in CLL/SLL. The most frequent AEs (≥10%) of any attribution
were petechiae/purpura/contusion (46%), fatigue (29%), upper respiratory tract infection (28%), cough (23%),
diarrhea (22%), headache (19%), hematuria (15%), nausea (13%), rash (13%), arthralgia (12%), muscle spasms
(12%) and urinary tract infection (12%). All of these events were grade 1 or 2 except for one case of grade 3
purpura (subcutaneous hemorrhage), which was the only major bleeding event. Additional AEs of interest included
one case of each grade 2 diarrhea and grade 2 atrial fibrillation. A total of 18 SAEs occurred in 13 patients, with no
SAE occurring in more than one patient. Only one patient discontinued treatment due to an AE, a grade 2 pleural
effusion.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018      ANNUAL REPORT        13
BUSINESS


Mantle Cell Lymphoma

On December 1, 2018, at the 60th American Society of Hematology, or ASH, Annual Meeting, in San Diego, CA,
two data sets were presented on zanubrutinib in MCL patients from our Phase 2 and Phase 1 studies.

The Phase 2 study was a single arm, open-label, multi-center, pivotal trial of zanubrutinib as a monotherapy in
Chinese patients with R/R MCL that enrolled 86 patients who had received a median of two prior lines of therapy
(range of 1-4). Patients were treated with zanubrutinib, dosed at 160 mg orally BID. The primary endpoint of the trial
was ORR assessed by independent review committee, or IRC, using PET-based imaging according to the Lugano
Classification 2014.

As of March 27, 2018, 85 patients with R/R MCL were evaluable for efficacy and 65 patients (75.6%) remained on
study treatment. The median follow-up time for patients enrolled in the trial was 35.9 weeks (1.1-55.9). The IRC-
assessed ORR was 83.5% (71/85); the CR rate was 58.8% (50/85); and the PR rate was 24.7% (21/85). The 24-
week PFS was estimated at 82%. The median PFS had not yet been reached. With 24.1 weeks median follow-up
(0.1-41.1), the median duration of response, or DOR, had not yet been reached and 90% of responders were still in
response at 24 weeks.

Zanubrutinib tolerability was generally consistent with previous reports in patients with various B-cell malignancies
and the majority of AEs were grade 1 or 2 in severity. The most frequent AEs of any attribution were neutrophil
count decreased (31.4%), rash (29.1%), upper respiratory tract infection (29.1%), and platelet count decreased
(22.1%). The most frequently reported (in >5% of patients) grade 3 or higher AEs were neutrophil count decreased
(11.6%) and lung infection (5.8%). Four patients (4.7%) had treatment-emergent adverse events, or TEAEs, leading
to death (one case each of traffic accident, cerebral hemorrhage, pneumonia, and unknown cause in the setting
of infection). Among events of special interest for BTK inhibitors, diarrhea was observed in nine patients (10.5%),
all grade 1-2. Major hemorrhage was observed in one patient (1.2%) with a blastoid variant of MCL who had intra-
parenchymal CNS bleeding. No cases of atrial fibrillation/flutter were reported in this trial.

The Phase 1 study is an open-label trial of zanubrutinib as a monotherapy in patients with different subtypes of
B-cell malignancies, including MCL, and is being conducted in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Italy, and
South Korea. As of July 24, 2018, 48 patients with TN (n=9) or R/R (n=39) MCL had been enrolled in the trial and the
median follow-up time was 12.7 months (0.7-38.0). Forty-five patients including six with TN and 39 with R/R MCL,
were evaluable for efficacy in this analysis, per the Lugano 2014 classification. At the time of the data cutoff, 26
patients remained on study treatment.

The investigator-assessed ORR was 88.9% (40/45); the CR rate was 26.7% (12/45); and the PR rate was 62.2%
(28/45). The majority of patients were assessed via CT-scan; PET scans were optional per trial protocol. The median
DOR was 16.2 months and the median PFS for R/R patients was 18.0 months (0.7-30.7).




14     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Zanubrutinib tolerability was generally consistent with previous reports in patients with various B-cell malignancies
and the majority of AEs were grade 1 or 2 in severity. The most frequent AEs of any attribution were petechia/
purpura/contusion (33.3%), diarrhea (33.3%), upper respiratory tract infection (29.2%), fatigue (25.0%), and
constipation (18.8%). Grade 3-5 AEs occurred in 56.3% of patients. Grade 3-5 AEs of any attribution reported in
> three patients included anemia (8.3%), major hemorrhage (6.3%), cellulitis (6.3%), myalgia (6.3%), neutropenia
(6.3%), pneumonia (6.3%); and thrombocytopenia (6.3%). Discontinuation due to AEs occurred in 18.8% of patients
with all but one event (peripheral edema) determined to be unrelated to study drug. There were four deaths due to
AEs, which were all determined by the investigators to be unrelated to zanubrutinib treatment.

Other Lymphomas

We have a broad clinical program investigating zanubrutinib for the treatment of patients with several other
lymphomas outside of the work detailed above. Efficacy results of those clinical trials reported to date are
summarized in the table below.

Indication                                               MZL                 FL                  FL         DLBCL
Source                                             ASH 2017  1
                                                                    ASH 2017   1
                                                                                      CSCO 2018   2
                                                                                                        ASH 20171
n                                                            9               17                  26              26
Follow-up                                              7.0 mo           7.8 mo             9.5 mo           4.2 mo
Prior Lines                                             2 (1-8)           2 (1-8)           3 (1-9)         2 (1-10)
ORR                                                      78%               41%               42%              31%
    CR                                                   —%                18%                8%              15%
    VGPR                                                   —                 —                   —               —
    PR/PR-L                                              78%               24%               35%              15%
    MR                                                     —                 —                   —               —

              Source: 1. Tam et al., ASH 2018 (poster 1592); 2. Press Release dated September 21, 2018




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2018   ANNUAL REPORT          15
BUSINESS


Pooled Analysis of Safety Data from Monotherapy Trials

At the 23rd Congress of the European Hematology Association, or EHA 2018, the pooled safety data were
presented from patients with various B-cell lymphomas in four ongoing zanubrutinib monotherapy studies,
totaling 476 patients with a median exposure of seven months. Overall, the data suggested that exposure levels
of zanubrutinib resulting in complete and sustained BTK inhibition can be achieved and that zanubrutinib was
generally well-tolerated. There were infrequent AEs of interest with BTK inhibitor therapy, such as atrial fibrillation/
flutter (2%), major hemorrhage (2%), and grade 3 and above diarrhea (1%). Treatment discontinuation due to
zanubrutinib-related AEs was uncommon (3%). The majority of patients (94%) experienced one or more AEs of any
attribution, primarily grades 1 or 2. The most common grade 3 or higher AEs of any attribution were neutropenia/
neutrophil count decreased/febrile neutropenia (14%), anemia (7%) and thrombocytopenia/platelet count decreased
(7%). SAEs were reported in 116 patients (24%), with 38 patients (8%) assessed by the investigator as related
to zanubrutinib. The most common SAEs were pneumonia/lung infection (6%), pleural effusion (1%), and febrile
neutropenia (1%). The only treatment-related SAE reported in greater than 1% of patients was pneumonia/lung
infection (2%). No cases of pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia, or PJP, or cytomegalovirus, or CMV, reactivation
were reported. The most common bleeding events observed included petechiae/purpura/contusion (26%) and
hematuria (11%). Major hemorrhage (2%) included gastrointestinal hemorrhage/melena (n=3), intraparenchymal
CNS hemorrhage grade 5, hematuria, purpura, hemorrhagic cystitis, renal hematoma, and hemothorax (one each).
The median time to first major hemorrhage was 1.2 months. Among patients with emergent atrial fibrillation/flutter
(n=8), a majority had known risk factors including hypertension (n=2), pre-existing cardiovascular disease (n=2), and
concurrent infection (n=1). The cumulative rates of grade 3 or higher infections were 14% at six months, 19% at 12
months and 21% at 18 months. The exposure-adjusted incidence rate was 1.82 per 100 person-months. The most
common second primary malignancies included basal cell carcinoma (3%) and squamous cell carcinoma of the
skin (1%).


Clinical Development Plan

Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that zanubrutinib has a potentially best-in-class profile, and we are
running a broad global pivotal program in multiple indications including seven registration or registration-enabling
clinical trials.

Globally, we have an ongoing monotherapy head-to-head Phase 3 trial versus ibrutinib in WM, which has closed
to new patient screening and completed enrollment having met the enrollment target. We are also conducting an
ongoing Phase 3 trial compared to bendamustine and rituximab in patients with TN CLL/SLL and a head-to-head
Phase 3 trial in R/R CLL/SLL versus ibrutinib. Additionally, we have an ongoing pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination
with GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab) in patients with R/R FL, which is designed as a pivotal trial for accelerated or
conditional approval and will require a confirmatory study, as well as a Phase 2 trial in patients with R/R MZL.




16       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Zanubrutinib was granted, by the FDA, Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with WM in July 2018,
and was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation in January 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with
MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. We plan to submit in 2019 or early 2020 an NDA to pursue an
approval of zanubrutinib in the United States.

In China, we are conducting three separate pivotal Phase 2 trials of zanubrutinib as monotherapy in patients with
R/R MCL, R/R CLL/SLL, and WM. We have announced the acceptance of our filings for approval in MCL and CLL/
SLL on August 26, 2018 and October 24, 2018, respectively.

If we receive conditional approval instead of full approval, we will be required to conduct one or more confirmatory
studies after such conditional approvals. If approved, we plan to commercialize zanubrutinib shortly after approval.
In addition, we are conducting a Phase 2 trial in China of zanubrutinib in patients with R/R DLBCL.


Tislelizumab (BGB-A317), an anti-PD-1 Antibody

Tislelizumab is an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1
that is currently being evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally and in China and for which we plan to commence
additional pivotal trials as a monotherapy and in combination with standard of care to treat various solid and
hematological cancers. We have a global strategic collaboration with Celgene for tislelizumab for solid tumors
outside of Asia (other than Japan) as further described in “Celgene Collaboration.”


Mechanism of Action

Cells called cytotoxic T-lymphocytes, or CTLs, provide an important self-defense mechanism against cancer,
patrolling the body, recognizing cancer cells due to immunogenic features that differ from normal cells, and killing
cancer cells by injecting deleterious proteins into them. T-lymphocytes have various mechanisms that prevent
them from damaging normal cells, among which is a protein called PD-1 receptor, that is expressed on the surface
of T-lymphocytes. PD-L1 is an important signaling protein that can engage PD-1. PD-L1 binding to PD-1 sends
an inhibitory signal inside the T-lymphocyte and suppresses its cytotoxic effects. Many types of cancer cells have
hijacked the PD-L1 expression system that normally exists in healthy cells. By expressing PD-L1, cancer cells
protect themselves from being killed by CTLs. Anti-PD-1 therapies are designed to bind to and block downstream
activity of PD-1, allowing the immune system to combat cancer cells.

Tislelizumab is a monoclonal antibody designed to specifically bind to PD-1, without activating the receptor,
thereby blocking engagement of PD-1 by its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. Tislelizumab has demonstrated high affinity
and specificity for PD-1 in preclinical studies. It is differentiated mechanistically from the currently approved PD-1
antibodies by an engineered Fc region designed to minimize binding to FcγR on macrophages, thereby abrogating
antibody-dependent phagocytosis, a potential mechanism of T-cell clearance, which we believe may minimize
potentially negative interactions with other immune cells based on preclinical data.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            17
BUSINESS


Market Opportunity and Competition

A number of PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody drugs have been approved by the FDA. These include Merck’s KEYTRUDA®
(pembrolizumab), Bristol-Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO ® (nivolumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ ® (atezolizumab),
AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Pfizer and Merck Sereno’s BAVENCIO® (avelumab), and Regeneron and
Sanofi’s LIBTAYO® (cemiplimab). In the global setting, several PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody agents are in clinical
development in addition to tislelizumab, such as Novartis’ PDR-001, GlaxoSmithKline/Tesaro’s TSR042, Pfizer’s
PF-06801591, and AstraZeneca’s MEDI0680. In China, as of February 20, 2019, there are four approved PD-1
antibodies, OPDIVO® (nivolumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), as well as Junshi’s TUOYI (toripalimab) and
Innovent’s TYVYT (sintilimab), and there are no approved PD-L1 antibody agents yet. There are approximately six
more PD-1 and PD-L1 agents in late stage development in China, of which one has filed for approval as of February
20, 2019.

Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody drugs had sales of approximately US$15 billion in 2018 based on public
reports. We believe that there is a large commercial opportunity in China for PD-1 and PD-L1 antibody drugs.
Currently available clinical data suggest that some of the most prevalent cancers in China, such as lung cancer, GC,
liver cancer and EC, are responsive to this class of agents. According to the World Health Organization’s Globocan
online database, China suffered 37%, 44%, 47%, and 54% of all deaths from lung cancer, GC, liver cancer and
EC, respectively, in the world. Collectively, these four tumor types comprised over 2.3 million new cases in 2016 in
China alone, according to Chen et al. 2016. In addition, China has a higher proportion of PD-1 responsive tumors
in its total annual cancer incidence in comparison to other geographies like the United States and the European
Union, or EU. According to Chen et al. 2016, the annual incidence of the top ten PD-1 responsive tumors in China is
estimated to be 3.0 million out of 4.3 million in total annual cancer incidence. In comparison, the estimated annual
incidence of the top ten PD-1 responsive tumors is 0.9 million out of 1.7 million in total annual cancer incidence
in the United States, and 0.9 million out of the 1.8 million total in the EU5 countries (United Kingdom, France,
Germany, Spain and Italy) according to SEER program of the U.S. National Cancer Institute and the World Health
Organization.

Summary of Clinical Results

As of December 8, 2018, we have enrolled over 2,200 patients in clinical trials of tislelizumab, including combination
trials. Preliminary data from our monotherapy Phase 1 trials suggested that tislelizumab was generally well-
tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of tumor types. There is no guarantee that these results will
be reproduced in pivotal trials.




18     BEIGENE, LTD.        •      2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


Hodgkin’s Lymphoma

On December 3, 2018, data from a pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial of tislelizumab in R/R cHL were presented at the
ASH meeting. This single arm, open-label, multi-center, pivotal Phase 2 trial of tislelizumab as a monotherapy in
Chinese patients with R/R cHL enrolled 70 patients who failed to achieve a response or progressed after autologous
stem cell transplant, or ASCT, or received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy for cHL and were not an ASCT
candidate. Patients were treated with tislelizumab, dosed at 200 mg intravenously every three weeks. The primary
endpoint of the trial is ORR-assessed by IRC using PET-based imaging according to the Lugano Classification
2014.

As of May 25, 2018, 70 patients with R/R cHL were evaluable for efficacy and 53 patients (75.7%) remained on
study treatment. Thirteen patients received prior ASCT, and the remaining 57 patients were ineligible for prior
ASCT, including 53 for failure to achieve an objective response to salvage chemotherapy, two for inadequate stem
cell collection or unable to collect stem cells, and two for co-morbidities. The patients had a median of three prior
lines of systemic therapy with a range of two to eleven. The median study follow-up was 7.85 months (3.4-12.7).

The ORR assessed by IRC was 85.7% (60/70); the CR rate was 61.4% (43/70); and the PR rate was 24.4% (17/70).
Among patients who had received prior ASCT, 92.3% (12/13) achieved an objective response, with nine patients
(69.2%) achieving a CR. The DOR had not yet been reached. The estimated event-free rates at nine months were
84%. PFS data were preliminary and six-month PFS was estimated at 80%. The median PFS had not yet been
reached.

The majority of AEs were grade 1 or 2 in severity. The most frequently reported TEAEs of any grade were pyrexia
(52.9%), hypothyroidism (30.0%), weight increased (28.6%), upper respiratory tract infection (27.1%), cough
(17.1%), white blood cell count decreased (14.3%), and pruritus (14.3%). Grade ≥3 TEAEs occurred in 21.4% of
patients. The most frequently reported grade 3 or higher TEAEs were upper respiratory tract infection (2.9%) and
pneumonitis (2.9%). Four patients (5.7%) discontinued study drug due to TEAEs, including pneumonitis (n=2),
focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (n=1), and organizing pneumonia (n=1); there were no cases of TEAE leading
to death. Immune-related AEs reported in more than five percent of patients included thyroid disorder (18.6%),
pneumonitis (5.7%), and skin adverse reactions (5.7%).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT            19
BUSINESS


Other Tumor Types

In addition to cHL, we are evaluating tislelizumab for the treatment of patients with a broad array of tumor types.
Efficacy results from those clinical trials reported to date are summarized in the table below.

                                                                                               Hepato-
                                         Gastric Esophageal           Head &      Ovarian       cellular   Urothelial                    MSI-H/
Tumor Type                               Cancer        Cancer       Neck SCC      Cancer     Carcinoma       Cancer      NSCLC           dMMR
Source                                  ESMO-IO       ESMO-IO          ESMO        ESMO       ESMO-IO      ESMO-IO      ESMO-IO          CSCO
                                           2018   1
                                                         2018   1
                                                                       2017   2
                                                                                   2017 3
                                                                                                 2018  1
                                                                                                              2018  4
                                                                                                                           2018   1
                                                                                                                                          20185
Median Treatment Duration                      —             —       104 days     71 days            —       4.1 mo            —         2.2 mo
                                                                      (30-339)    (29-540)                 (0.7-26.3)                 (0.69-11.1)
Median Follow-up Time                     4.9 mo        5.2 mo             —           —       10.8 mo            —      11.2 mo         4.4 mo
                                        (0.9-25.4)    (0.2-22.7)                              (0.7-31.6)                (0.5-25.9)     (0.1-10.7)
Median Duration of Response               8.5 mo            NR             —           —       15.7 mo      18.7 mo           NR              —
                                                                                                           (6.2-18.7)
Evaluable Patients                         N=54          N=54           N=17        N=50         N=49          N=17        N=46           N=14
CR (Confirmed)                                 —              1            —           —             —             1           —              —
PR                                              7             5             3           2             6            4            6              4
SD                                              9           14              6          20            19            3          23               4
Patients Remaining on Treatment *               3             3             3           6             5            2            7              9

*        At the time of data cutoff.

Notes:      1. Phase 1A/1B data as of August 31, 2018, presented at the ESMO Immuno-Oncology 2018 Congress (Sanjeev et al);
            2. Phase 1 data as of June 8, 2017, presented at the ESMO 2017 Congress (Horvath et al, Abstract 389P)
            3. Phase 1 data as of June 8, 2017, presented at the ESMO 2017 Congress (Meniawy et al, Abstract 388P);
            4. Phase 1/2 data as of August 31, 2018, presented at the ESMO Immuno-Oncology 2018 Congress (Shahneen et al);
            5. Phase 1 data as of May 11, 2018, presented at CSCO 2018.




20         BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                            BUSINESS


Safety Results

The safety results of tislelizumab in clinical trials to date are consistent with its therapeutic class, having a relatively
low rate of drug-related grade 3 or above toxicity. Across the monotherapy studies, the safety results were
consistent with our two Phase 1 studies, and our first-in-human Phase 1 study TEAE are indicated in the table
below. Over half of the patients in our two Phase 1 studies experienced a tislelizumab-related TEAE, though ≥ grade
3 events were less frequent (8% to 10%).

                                                                          Phase 1a             Phase 1b             Total
System Organ Class Preferred Term                                      N=116 n (%)        N=335 n (%)        N=451 n (%)

Patients with at least one TEAE                                           114 (25.3)           322 (71.4)       436 (96.7)
  Fatigue                                                                   47 (10.4)           78 (17.3)       125 (27.7)
  Nausea                                                                     41 (9.1)           68 (15.1)       109 (24.2)
  Decreased appetite                                                         19 (4.2)           71 (15.7)        90 (20.0)
  Diarrhea                                                                   32 (7.1)           49 (10.9)        81 (18.0)
  Constipation                                                               26 (5.8)           50 (11.1)        76 (16.9)
  Abdominal pain                                                             26 (5.8)            38 (8.4)        64 (14.2)
  Vomiting                                                                   20 (4.4)            43 (9.5)        63 (14.0)
  Back pain                                                                  22 (4.9)            40 (8.9)        62 (13.7)
  Cough                                                                      15 (3.3)           45 (10.0)        60 (13.3)
  Rash                                                                       23 (5.1)            37 (8.2)        60 (13.3)
  Dyspnea                                                                    12 (2.7)            33 (7.3)        45 (10.0)


All grades, regardless of causality; Data cut-off April 27, 2018; 6 months after Last Patient Enrolled; Source:
BGB-A317 IB v6.0. Of the 451 total patients in the Safety Population for Study BGB A317_001, 203 (45.0%)
experienced at least 1 grade 3 or higher TEAE. The most commonly occurring grade 3 or higher TEAEs (≥ 2%; 9 or
more patients overall incidence) were pneumonia (22 patients, 4.9%), anemia (18 patients, 3.2%), and hypokalemia
(9 patients, 2.0%).

Immune-Related Treatment-Emergent Adverse Events and Deaths

Immune-related TEAEs, or irTEAEs, of any grade were reported in approximately 25% of patients but were primarily
low grade (3% to 5% ≥ grade 3). These irTEAEs, however, have well-established algorithms for treatment and are
considered manageable.

Across the monotherapy studies, the rate of treatment emergent SAEs, or TESAEs, ranged from 16% to 37%
in patients with a variety of different disease characteristics. TESAEs considered to be related to treatment with
tislelizumab were notably lower, ranging from 6% to 13%.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2018    ANNUAL REPORT            21
BUSINESS


There have been some deaths reported across the active studies with clinical data available (as of the cut-off
dates ranging from April 25, 2018 to August 29, 2018), of which less than 0.5% of the total patient population were
deemed to be related to treatment with tislelizumab.


Clinical Development Plan

We are running a broad development program for tislelizumab, including 11 registration or registration-enabling
clinical trials. These include global pivotal trials in Asia-prevalent cancers, such as non-small cell lung cancer, or
NSCLC, EC, GC and HCC, which are intended to support regulatory submissions globally and in China. We have
initiated pivotal or Phase 3 trials to evaluate tislelizumab as a potential second- or third-line treatment compared
to docetaxel in patients with NSCLC; as a potential first-line treatment compared to sorafenib in patients with HCC
and in second or third line HCC used as a monotherapy; as a potential first-line treatment in GC in combination
with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy; and as a potential second-line treatment compared
to investigator-chosen chemotherapy in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, or ESCC, and as a
potential first-line treatment in advanced ESCC patients in combination with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based
chemotherapy. Under our collaboration with Celgene, Celgene has opened enrollment in its first Phase 3 trial in
Stage 3 NSCLC examining tislelizumab in combination with chemoradiation. We have also recently initiated a global
Phase 2 trial in patients with relapsed or refractory mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas.

We have four China pivotal trials ongoing, including two Phase 2 trials in patients with R/R cHL and in patients with
PD-L1 positive second/third-line urothelial cancer, or UC, and two Phase 3 trials in combination with chemotherapy
-- one in patients with non-squamous NSCLC and the second in patients with squamous NSCLC. We submitted
for approval for tislelizumab in China to treat R/R cHL and announced that this submission had been accepted on
August 31, 2018, and received priority review on November 15, 2018. We expect to submit for approval in China for
the treatment of patients with UC based on the results of the pivotal Phase 2 trial. If we receive conditional approval
instead of full approval, we will be required to conduct one or more confirmatory studies after such conditional
approvals. We also expect to submit for approval in China for tislelizumab for the treatment of patients with NSCLC,
ESCC, GC and HCC based on our China trials and, where appropriate, our global studies.


Pamiparib (BGB-290), a PARP Inhibitor

Pamiparib is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2 that is being evaluated as a potential
monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment of various solid tumors. We believe that pamiparib has the
potential to be differentiated from other PARP inhibitors because of its brain penetration, greater selectivity, strong
DNA-trapping activity, and good oral bioavailability demonstrated in preclinical models.




22     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Mechanism of Action

PARP family members PARP1 and PARP2 play essential roles in cell survival in response to DNA damage. PARP1
and PARP2 are key base-excision-repair proteins that function as DNA damage sensors by binding rapidly to the
site of damaged DNA and modulating a variety of proteins in DNA repair processes. Inhibition of PARPs prevents
the repair of common single-strand DNA breaks, which leads to formation of double-strand breaks during DNA
replication. Double-strand DNA breaks in normal cells are repaired by homologous recombination, and normal
cells are relatively tolerant of PARP inhibition. On the other hand, cancer cells with mutations in breast cancer
susceptibility gene, or BRCA1/2 genes, which are key players in homologous recombination, are highly sensitive
to PARP inhibition. This phenomenon is called “synthetic lethality” and is the foundation of the therapeutic utility
of PARP inhibitors as a monotherapy for BRCA mutant cancers. In addition to hereditary BRCA1/2 mutations, the
synthetic lethality concept has been broadened to include sporadic tumors that display homologous recombination
deficiency, or HRD, a gene expression profile that resembles that of a BRCA deficient tumor. HRD can stem from
somatic mutation of BRCA1/2, epigenetic silencing of BRCA genes or genetic or epigenetic loss of function of other
genes in homologous recombination DNA damage repair pathways. Third-party clinical studies have published
results demonstrating that sensitivity to platinum-based chemotherapies confers sensitivity to PARP inhibitors in
OC as well. Thus, the application of PARP inhibitors is likely broader than BRCA or HRD mutations, and there is
additional possibility to identify and enrich patient populations for PARP inhibition.

Another potential therapeutic utility of PARP inhibitors is in combination therapy, which has strong scientific
rational. PARP proteins are key factors in base-excision-repair, which is critical for the repair of DNA lesions caused
by some chemotherapeutic agents and by radiation. PARP inhibitors are hypothesized to potentiate cytotoxicity
of DNA-alkylating agents such as platinum compounds, temozolomide and ionizing radiation, and may be used in
combination with these agents in treating various cancers.

PARP inhibitors are also considered good potential combination partners with checkpoint inhibitors in part due
to increased mutations in tumor cells as a result of the blockade of DNA repair by PARP inhibitors as a higher
mutational load in cancers has been shown in clinical studies to correlate with improved response to checkpoint
inhibitors. In addition, preclinical data suggest that BRCA mutant tumors which are sensitive to PARP inhibition are
likely to be immunogenic and responsive to PD-1 or PD-L1 antibodies.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT           23
BUSINESS


Market Opportunity and Competition

We believe that the market opportunity for PARP inhibitors is large and expanding in various patient segments.
Many tumor types have been shown to be responsive to PARP inhibitors, including OC, breast cancer, prostate
cancer and GC. PARP inhibitors have demonstrated encouraging activity both in relapsed and refractory patients
as well as in the maintenance setting. In the United States, in 2018 there were approximately 22,240 new cases of
OC, 266,120 new cases of breast cancer, 164,690 new cases of prostate cancer, and 26,240 new cases of GC,
according to the U.S. National Cancer Institute’s SEER online database. In China, each year there are approximately
52,000 new cases of OC, 272,000 new cases of breast cancer, 60,000 new cases of prostate cancer, and 680,000
new cases of GC according to Chen et al. 2016.

A number of PARP inhibitors have been approved by the FDA. These include AstraZeneca’s LYNPARZA ®
(olaparib), Clovis Oncology’s RUBRACA® (rucaparib), GlaxoSmithKline/Tesaro’s ZEJULA® (niraparib), and Pfizer’s
TALZENNA® (talazoparib). AbbVie’s veliparib is in late-stage development. In 2017, global sales of the PARP class
exceeded US$461 million according to company reports. In China, AstraZeneca received approval for olaparib in
August 2018 under priority review that utilized international multi-center data. Zai Labs obtained the development
and commercial rights for niraparib in China, and its NDA to the NMPA was accepted in December 2018 for use
as maintenance therapy in OC. There are some other PARP inhibitors being developed by domestic Chinese
companies, including fluzoparib from Hengrui and Hansoh, but none have been submitted to the NMPA as of
February 6, 2019.


Summary of Clinical Data

As of November 6, 2018, we have enrolled over 360 patients in clinical trials of pamiparib, including three
registration or registration-enabling clinical trials.

A multi-center, open-label Phase 1/2 trial of pamiparib is being conducted in Australia in patients with advanced
solid tumors. On September 8, 2017, preliminary clinical data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 trial of pamiparib in
patients with advanced solid tumors were presented at ESMO. As of June 1, 2017, 68 patients were enrolled in
the trial. The median duration of therapy for all patients was 79 days (range 1 to 926 days). At the time of the data
cutoff, 20 patients remained on treatment.




24      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


At the time of the data cutoff, 39 patients with epithelial ovarian cancer, or EOC, or associated tumors such as
fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancers, were evaluable for efficacy. Among this group, there were three
confirmed CRs, 10 confirmed PRs, and 21 cases of SD. Of the 23 evaluable patients with EOC or other associated
tumors known to be BRCA-mutated, there were three CRs, seven PRs, and 10 cases of SD. Of the 13 evaluable
patients whose BRCA gene types are wild type, there were two PRs. Of the three evaluable patients whose BRCA
gene types were unknown, there was one PR. Complete and partial responses were observed in patients known to
be platinum-resistant as well as patients with platinum-sensitive disease. There is no guarantee that these results
will be reproduced in pivotal trials.

The safety analysis suggested that pamiparib was generally well-tolerated in patients with advanced solid tumors.
AEs assessed to be treatment-related occurred in 78% of patients and were all grade 3 or lower in severity. The
most common treatment-related AEs (≥10% of patients) were nausea (56%), fatigue (40%), anemia (25%), vomiting
(21%), diarrhea (21%), decreased appetite (15%), and neutropenia or neutrophil count decrease (12%). SAEs
occurred in 46% of patients, and SAEs considered to be treatment-related and occurring in more than one patient
included two cases each of nausea and anemia. Four patients reported dose-limiting toxicity, or DLT. Four patients
had a TEAE with a fatal outcome; none were assessed as being treatment-related and all of which were associated
with disease progression.


Ovarian Cancer

On April 16, 2018, preliminary clinical data from the open-label, multi-center Phase 1 dose-escalation trial of
pamiparib in Chinese patients with locally advanced or metastatic high-grade non-mucinous ovarian cancer,
or HGOC, including fallopian cancer, or triple-negative breast cancer, or TNBC, who had disease progression
following at least one line of chemotherapy were presented at the 2018 American Association for Cancer Research
Annual Meeting in Chicago, IL.

Patients were dosed at 20 mg, 40 mg, or 60 mg BID. As of September 25, 2017, 15 female patients were enrolled,
nine with HGOC and six with TNBC. Nine patients had received four or more prior lines of therapies. All nine
patients with HGOC were platinum-resistant (n=8) or refractory (n=1). Seven patients had a confirmed BRCA1/2
mutation (BRCAm), including five patients with HGOC and two patients with TNBC and the remaining patients had
BRCA 1/2 wildtype (BRCA-WT). The median duration of treatment was 2.5 months (range: 8-260 days).

As of September 25, 2017, 13 of the 15 patients were evaluable for antitumor activity; five patients remained on
treatment. Two of the nine HGOC patients achieved a confirmed PR including one platinum-refractory patient
with BRCA wildtype status and one platinum-resistant patient with BRCA1/2 mutation, six HGOC patients had SD
(BRCAm, n=4 and BRCA-WT, n=2) and one patient discontinued before the first radiographic assessment. Of the
six treated TNBC patients, five (BRCAm, n=1, BRCA-WT, n=4) experienced disease progression and one patient
(BRCAm) discontinued before the first radiographic assessment. Four of these evaluable TNBC patients were
BRCA-WT and all experienced disease progression during the previous platinum-based chemotherapy.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT           25
BUSINESS


The safety analysis suggested that pamiparib was generally well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities were reported
across the dose range, with the recommended Phase 2 dose, or RP2D, confirmed as 60 mg BID. Asthenia (n=12)
and nausea (n=12) were the most commonly reported TEAE. Severity of all AEs was grade 3 or less. Overall, three
patients experienced a serious AE (grade 2 abdominal infection, n=1; grade 3 pleural effusion, n=1; grade 3 ileus,
n=1), none of which were considered related to treatment. Two of the SAEs led to treatment withdrawal (abdominal
infection, n=1; pleural effusion, n=1).


Glioblastoma Multiforme

On November 16, 2018, we announced data from an open-label, multi-center global Phase 1b/2 multiple-dose
and dose-escalation trial of pamiparib plus radiation therapy, or RT, and/or temozolomide, or TMZ, in patients with
newly diagnosed or R/R glioblastoma multiforme, or GBM, at the 23rd Annual Scientific Meeting and Education
Day of the Society for Neuro-Oncology (SNO). This study was designed to evaluate the safety, efficacy and clinical
activity of the combination. Patients with newly diagnosed GBM with unmethylated MGMT (O6-methylguanine-DNA
methyltransferase) promoter status (Arm A) received pamiparib (60 mg BID) over escalating time periods (two, four,
or six weeks) in combination with RT over six to seven weeks. Patients with R/R GBM (Arm C) received pamiparib (60
mg BID) continuously plus TMZ administered on Days 1 to 21 of each 28-day cycle. After evaluation of safety and
tolerability from Arm A and C, Arm B will enroll patients with newly diagnosed GBM and treat them with the triple
combination of RT, pamiparib, and TMZ.

As of September 14, 2018, a total of 18 patients with newly diagnosed GBM were enrolled in Arm A (n=3, 6 and 9 in
the two-, four-, and six-week cohorts respectively). The median study follow-up duration was 19 weeks (2-54). As of
the data cutoff date, 15 of the 18 patients were evaluable for response per modified response assessment in neuro-
oncology (mRANO) criteria. Two of 15 patients achieved a PR (one was confirmed) and six patients achieved stable
disease (SD); the disease control rate was 53.3% (95% CI: 26.6-78.7). Five grade >3 AE (chills, diarrhea, fatigue,
nausea, vertigo, one each, or 5.6%) were considered related to pamiparib or RT. Dose-limiting toxicities of fatigue,
vertigo, and chills (one each) were reported. In Arm C, eight patients received TMZ at a fixed dose of 40 mg for 21
of 28 days and seven patients received 20 mg TMZ. The median study follow-up duration was 12.9 weeks (0.3-
31.4). Ten of the 15 patients were evaluable per mRANO criteria and there were two PRs (one unconfirmed and one
confirmed after data cutoff) and three SD. Grade >3 AEs included anemia (20%), fatigue (13.3%), and decreased
lymphocyte count (13.3%), which were considered related to pamiparib or TMZ. Dose-limiting toxicities of nausea
and neutropenia were reported. The combination of 21 days of 40 mg TMZ with pamiparib was not tolerable; a
lower 20 mg TMZ dose evaluation in combination with pamiparib is ongoing.




26     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Clinical Development Plan

In addition to the above trials, our global program includes a Phase 3 maintenance trial in patients with platinum-
sensitive GC. In China, we are conducting a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance therapy in patients with platinum-
sensitive recurrent OC in addition to an ongoing pivotal Phase 2 study in OC.


Lifirafenib (BGB-283), a RAF Dimer Inhibitor

Lifirafenib is an investigational novel small molecule inhibitor with RAF monomer and dimer inhibition activities.
Lifirafenib has shown antitumor activities in preclinical models and in cancer patients with tumors harboring BRAF
V600E mutations, non-V600E BRAF mutations or KRAS/NRAS mutations. We have been developing lifirafenib for
the treatment of cancers with aberrations in the mitogen-activated protein kinase, or MAPK, pathway, including
BRAF gene mutations and KRAS/NRAS gene mutations where first generation BRAF inhibitors are not effective. The
MAPK pathway consists of proteins in the cell that transmit a signal from a receptor on the surface of the cell to the
DNA in the nucleus of the cell. This pathway plays an essential role in regulating cell proliferation and survival. We
believe that lifirafenib as monotherapy or in combination with other agents may have potential for treating various
malignancies, such as melanoma, NSCLC and endometrial cancer. In October 2018, we formed a collaboration
with SpringWorks Therapeutics to investigate the combination of lifirafenib and their MEK inhibitor, PD-0325901, in
patients with advanced solid tumors that harbor RAS, RAF mutations and other MAPK pathway aberrations. This
study is planned to commence in the first quarter of 2019.

Currently approved BRAF inhibitors include Roche’s ZELBORAF® (vemurafenib), Novartis’ TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)
and Array BioPharma’s BRAFTOVI® (encorafenib). The combination of BRAF and MEK inhibitors is approved in
patients with BRAF V600E/K mutation-positive metastatic melanoma, such as Novartis’ dabrafenib and MEKINIST®
(trametinib), Genentech’s vemurafenib and COTELLIC® (cobimetinib), and Array Biopharma’s encorafenib and
MEKTOVI® (binimetinib). We are aware of several other BRAF inhibitors in clinical development, such as Roche’s
belvarafenib and Novartis’ LXH254.

Lifirafenib was evaluated in a multi-center, open-label Phase 1 trial conducted in Australia and New Zealand
comprised of two parts - dose escalation and dose expansion - in patients with BRAF or KRAS/NRAS mutated solid
tumors or patients with pancreatic cancer. Lifirafenib demonstrated antitumor activity in both BRAF and KRAS-
mutated tumors in preclinical studies and in the dose-escalation portion of this Phase 1 trial.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT           27
BUSINESS


Data from the dose-expansion portion of the trial were presented at the 2017 American Association for Cancer
Research, or AACR, Annual Meeting. The dose-expansion portion of the trial was designed to evaluate the safety
and efficacy of lifirafenib at the recommended Phase 2 dose of 30 mg once daily established in the dose-escalation
part of the trial. In the dose-expansion portion, lifirafenib was generally well-tolerated at a dose of 30 mg once
daily and continued to show antitumor activity in patients with BRAF V600-mutated solid tumors and patients
with KRAS-mutated solid tumors. The safety analysis, which included 96 patients as of the September 12, 2016
cutoff, suggested that lifirafenib was generally well-tolerated at 30 mg once daily, with most drug-related AEs being
grades 1 or 2 in severity. The most frequent drug-related AEs (≥10%) of any grade were fatigue (38.5%), dysphonia
(26.0%), decreased appetite (21.9%), palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (21.9%), thrombocytopenia
(19.8%), dermatitis acneiform (17.7%), diarrhea (16.7%), rash (16.7%), nausea (15.6%), hypertension (11.5%) and
glossodynia (10.4%). The most frequent drug-related grade 3 and 4 AEs (≥ 2%, two patients or more) included
fatigue (7.3%), hypertension (6.3%), thrombocytopenia (6.3%), pyrexia (3.1%), hyponatremia (2.1%), anemia (2.1%),
neutropenia (2.1%), febrile neutropenia (2.1%), decreased platelet count (2.1%), increased alanine aminotransferase
(2.1%), increased GGT (2.1%) and sepsis (2.1%).

The cutoff for the efficacy analysis was September 17, 2016. In seven patients with BRAF V600-mutated melanoma
(including one V600K and one V600R) who were naïve to BRAF or MEK inhibitors, there were three PRs and three
cases of SD. In three patients with BRAF V600-mutated PTC, there was one PR and two cases of SD. In six patients
with KRAS-mutated NSCLC, there was one PR and two cases of SD. In ten patients with solid tumors with BRAF
non-V600 mutations or solid tumors with BRAF V600 mutations that are not included in other cohorts, there were
two PRs, in one patient with BRAF V600E-mutated melanoma and one with BRAF V600E-mutated OC, and three
cases of SD. In two patients with BRAF V600-mutated NSCLC, there was one unconfirmed PR and one case of SD.
Additional cases of SD were observed in four of six melanoma patients with BRAF V600-mutated melanoma who
had responses to, but developed resistance against, BRAF or MEK inhibitors, nine of 13 patients with BRAF V600-
mutated CRC, five of five patients with KRAS-mutated endometrial cancer, 12 of 20 patients with KRAS/NRAS-
mutated CRC, and 10 of 21 patients with other KRAS/NRAS-mutated solid tumors or pancreatic cancer. In the
Phase 1a portion of the trial, confirmed objective responses included a CR in a patient with BRAF V600E-mutated
melanoma and two PRs, one in a patient with BRAF V600E-mutated thyroid cancer and one in a patient with KRAS-
mutated endometrial cancer.


BGB-A333, a PD-L1 Inhibitor

BGB-A333 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against PD-L1, the ligand of PD-
1. We intend to develop BGB-A333 either as a monotherapy or in combination with other cancer therapies, such
as tislelizumab, to treat various cancers and potentially other areas of unmet need. BGB-A333 is currently being
evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in Australia to assess the safety and antitumor effect of BGB-A333 alone and in
combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors.




28     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


BGB-A425, a TIM-3 Inhibitor

BGB-A425 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against T-cell immunoglobulin and
mucin-domain containing-3, or TIM-3. We began a Phase 1/2 trial of BGB-A433 in combination with tislelizumab in
various solid tumors in the fourth quarter of 2018.


Sitravatinib (MGCD-0516), a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor

In January 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mirati for the development, manufacturing
and commercialization of Mirati’s sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan and certain other countries), Australia and
New Zealand. Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor which potently inhibits receptor
tyrosine kinases, including RET, TAM family receptors (TYRO3, Axl, MER), and split family receptors (VEGFR2, KIT).
Sitravatinib is being evaluated by Mirati in multiple clinical trials to treat patients who are refractory to prior immune
checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a potentially registration-enabling Phase 3 trial of sitravatinib in non-small
cell lung cancer projected to initiate in the first half of 2019. Sitravatinib is also being evaluated as a single agent
in patients with NSCLC, melanoma and other solid tumor types whose tumors harbor specific genetic alterations
in CBL. In recent data readouts by Mirati, sitravatinib has demonstrated durable responses in lung cancer patients
who progressed after treatment with checkpoint inhibitors. We began a Phase 1 study of sitravatinib in combination
with tislelizumab in various solid tumors in Australia and China in the third quarter of 2018.


Avadomide (CC-122), a Cereblon Modulator

Avadomide (CC-122) is an investigational next-generation Cereblon modulator currently in clinical development
by Celgene. It is in multiple Phase 1 and Phase 1/2 clinical trials, both as a single agent and in combination,
for hematological and solid tumor cancers outside of China. Avadomide (CC-122) has been differentiated from
previous compounds (such as thalidomide, lenalidomide and pomalidomide) and has been developed based on the
scientific understanding of Cereblon-mediated protein homeostasis. We have rights to develop and commercialize
avadomide (CC-122) in China under our exclusive license agreement with Celgene. See “-Celgene Collaboration.”


Our Commercial Products

We commercialize the following cancer drugs in China under an exclusive license from Celgene. Historically, the
fourth quarter sales of many oncology drug sales in China are lower than sales levels in the third quarter. Our
product ABRAXANE®’s fourth quarter sales were lower than the third quarter in 2018.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             29
BUSINESS


ABRAXANE®

ABRAXANE® (paclitaxel albumin-bound particles for injectable suspension) is a solvent-free chemotherapy product
which was developed using Celgene’s proprietary nab® technology platform. This protein-bound chemotherapy
agent combines paclitaxel with albumin. Globally, ABRAXANE® is approved for uses in breast cancer, NSCLC,
pancreatic cancer and GC with geographic differences in labeling. In China, ABRAXANE® is approved for metastatic
breast cancer after failure of combination chemotherapy for metastatic disease or relapse within six months of
adjuvant chemotherapy. Prior therapy should have included an anthracycline unless clinically contraindicated.

According to Chen et al. 2016, there were approximately 4.3 million new cancer cases and 2.8 million cancer
deaths in China in 2015, with breast cancer as the most common tumor type in Chinese women. It is estimated that
in 2015 breast cancer affected 268,600 women and resulted in 69,500 deaths. Targeted therapy, hormone therapy
and chemotherapy are three main strategies to treat different types of breast cancer.

Taxanes are the backbone chemotherapy to treat triple negative breast cancer, Her2+ or aggressive estrogen-
receptor-positive and/or progesterone-receptor-positive breast cancer patients. ABRAXANE ® is the only currently
approved taxane that does not need pre-medication with dexamethasone to prevent hypersensitivity reactions,
and several Phase 3 trials have demonstrated its efficacy and safety compared to solvent-based taxanes in both
metastatic breast cancer and neo-adjuvant settings. Unlike other taxanes, ABRAXANE® has demonstrated unique
and strong efficacy in pancreatic cancer and has become the backbone of first line standard of care for metastatic
pancreatic cancer globally.

The taxanes marketed in China include two branded solvent-based paclitaxel (TAXOL® and ANZATAX) formulations,
one branded docetaxel (TAXOTERE®) formulation, one paclitaxel liposome (LIPUSU®), one albumin-bound paclitaxel
(ABRAXANE®) and dozens of generic taxanes. LIPUSU® is currently the market leader with approximately one-third
of the market share.

In February 2018, an albumin-bound paclitaxel from CSPC Pharmaceutical Group was approved by the NMPA.
Another form of albumin-bound paclitaxel from Hengrui was approved by the NMPA in September 2018.

In 2019, we plan to seek to differentiate and defend ABRAXANE® against growing generic competition in China,
expand our sales force footprint and hospital coverage, and improve patient access through critical illness
insurance negotiations and provincial reimbursement listings. As of September 1, 2018, ABRAXANE ® is listed
on provincial reimbursement drug lists of Fujian, Hubei, Ningxia, Jiangsu and Hunan, as well as in critical illness
insurance program in Zhejiang and Shandong.




30     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


REVLIMID®

REVLIMID® (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory drug that was approved by the NMPA in China in 2013 for
the treatment of multiple myeloma, or MM, in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients who have received
at least one prior therapy. On February 2, 2018, REVLIMID® received NMPA approval of a new indication for the
treatment of MM in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients with previously untreated MM who are not
eligible for transplant.

MM is a malignant disease whose tumor cells originate in plasma cells in the bone marrow, which are cells in
which B-lymphocytes develop to the final functional phase. The World Health Organization currently classifies
it as a B-cell lymphoma, also known as plasma cell myeloma/plasmacytoma. MM is characterized by abnormal
proliferation of bone marrow plasma cells accompanied by overproduction of monoclonal immunoglobulin. MM is
often accompanied by multiple osteolytic lesions, hypercalcemia, anemia, and kidney damage. Due to the inhibition
of normal immunoglobulin production, patients are prone to a variety of bacterial infections.

At present, MM is one of the most common malignant tumors in the blood system and occurs frequently in the
elderly. The actual incidence increases with age, peaking from 60 to 70 years of age. Men suffer slightly more than
women. Globally, the incidence was estimated at two to three per 100,000, with a male-to-female ratio of 1.6:1,
and most patients are over 40 years old, according to Siegel et al., 2011 and IMS analysis. It is estimated that
the incidence rate of MM is approximately one to two per 100,000 people in China, or approximately 18,000 new
patients in 2017, out of which 10,000 are in urban populations, according to Lu et al., 2014, IMS analysis, and local
market research. With a growing aging population and improving diagnosis, China has seen a steady increase in
MM incidence.

Although MM cannot be cured, the progression of the disease can be controlled. The purpose of treatment is to
extend patients’ survival and improve quality of life. The main treatments for MM in China include VELCADE ®,
which is a proteasome inhibitor marketed by Johnson & Johnson in China since 2006, generic thalidomide and
REVLIMID®. VELCADE® currently dominates the market in first-line MM treatment in China, while VELCADE® and
REVLIMID® share the market in the second line. Chinese guidelines recommend lenalidomide as a standard of care
for the treatment of R/R and newly diagnosed MM as well as in the maintenance setting. The first lenalidomide
generic and first bortezomib generic in China were approved in November 2017. Another new agent for R/R MM,
NINLARO® (ixazomib), an oral proteasome inhibitor developed by Takeda, received marketing approval from the
NMPA on April 12, 2018. In February 2018, generic lenalidomide from ShuangLu Pharmaceutical Company was
approved by the NMPA, and a third generic from Yangtze River is under review.

REVLIMID® was listed on the NRDL in June 2017.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT           31
BUSINESS


VIDAZA®

VIDAZA® (azacitidine for injection) is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects of
DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression. VIDAZA® was approved in China in April 2017
for the treatment of intermediate-2 and high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes, or MDS, chronic myelomonocyte
leukemia, or CMML, and acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, with 20% to 30% blasts and multi-lineage dysplasia. In
January 2018, VIDAZA® became commercially available in China.

MDS are a group of cancers in which immature blood cells in the bone marrow do not mature and therefore do
not become healthy blood cells. Approximately seven per 100,000 people are affected with approximately four per
100,000 people newly acquiring the condition each year globally according to Germing et al., 2013. The typical
age of onset is 70 years. The higher-risk MDS (intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS) is considered fatal because the
median overall survival rate is only 0.4-1.1 years and nearly 30% of these patients progress to AML, according
to the U.S. National Comprehensive Cancer Network, or NCCN, MDS guideline 2013 and MDS Foundation. DNA
methylation is an important mechanism of epigenetic gene regulation, but aberrant DNA hypermethylation can
result in gene silencing. Silencing of tumor suppressor genes promotes cancer development and progression. MDS
patients display aberrant DNA methylation of thousands of genes, which increases with advanced disease and is a
poor prognostic factor.

In China, the main treatments for intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS are conventional care regimen, or CCR (best
supportive care, low-dose cytarabine and intensive chemotherapy), and hypomethylating agents, or HMAs.
DACOGEN® (decitabine) marketed by Johnson & Johnson was the first HMA agent approved in China in 2009. In
the past several years, at least six decitabine generics have become available. In 2017, decitabine was listed in
the NRDL. Nevertheless, there are still over 50% of higher-risk MDS patients treated by CCR and the unmet need
remains large.

VIDAZA® is the only approved HMA shown to prolong survival for patients with MDS. Besides reversing the effects
of DNA hypermethylation, VIDAZA® inhibits protein synthesis via RNA incorporation. VIDAZA® is a Category 1
recommended treatment for patients with intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS, according to the U.S. NCCN guideline.
It is also a first-line recommended treatment for patients with intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS, according to the
Chinese MDS treatment guidelines, and was listed on the NRDL in October 2018.


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS

We have a proprietary cancer biology platform that has also allowed us to develop our clinical-stage drug
candidates and several additional preclinical-stage drug candidates in potentially important areas. These currently
consist of targeted therapies and immuno-oncology agents. We anticipate advancing one or more of our preclinical
assets into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe we have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with
our preclinical candidates to target multiple points in the cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop
companion diagnostics that will help identify patients who are most likely to benefit from the use of our drug
candidates.




32     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY

We currently have manufacturing capabilities at our research and development center in Beijing and at our
manufacturing site in Suzhou, China that may be used for process development and clinical-scale small molecule
drugs and biologics, as well as commercial scale production of small molecule drugs at our Suzhou facility. We
are also constructing a commercial-scale biologics facility in Guangzhou, China. However, we have not yet begun
to manufacture or process, either on our own or through a third-party, our drug candidates on a commercial
scale. We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, third-party contract research organization, or CROs,
and contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, for the supply of raw materials and production of our drug
candidates, as described below.


RAW MATERIALS

We obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from multiple suppliers who we believe have sufficient
capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities in Beijing and Suzhou
include active pharmaceutical ingredients custom-made by our CROs and excipients, which are commercially
available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies. The core raw
material to be used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility under construction is expected to be a genetically
modified cell line that we co-developed and licensed from Boehringer Ingelheim.

We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. We pay for our purchases of raw materials on credit. Credit periods granted to us
by our suppliers generally range from 30 to 60 days. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for the defects of
our finished products.


PRODUCTION

We have an approximately 11,000 square meter manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, where we produce small
molecule and biologics drug candidates for clinical supply and which we plan to use for commercial supply of our
small molecule drug candidates, if approved. This facility consists of one oral-solid-dosage production line for
small molecule drug products and one pilot plant for monoclonal antibody drug substances. In January 2018, the
facility received a manufacturing license from the Jiangsu Food and Drug Administration, which is required for the
commercial manufacture of zanubrutinib in China following NDA approval.

In addition, we have formed a joint venture with Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd., an affiliate
of Guangzhou Development District, to build a 24,000-liter commercial-scale biologics manufacturing facility
in Guangzhou, China. Approximately US$300 million in funding has been committed for the construction of the
100,000 square meter manufacturing site. We contracted with General Electric to acquire its state-of-the-art
KUBio™ prefabricated biomanufacturing equipment and commenced construction in 2017. We expect the first
phase of the facility to be completed in 2019, and, following regulatory inspection and approval, to be used for
commercial-scale production of tislelizumab, if approved.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.   •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT           33
BUSINESS


We also have an approximately 140-square meter manufacturing facility at our research and development facilities
in Beijing, China, which produces preclinical and clinical trial materials for some of our small molecule drug
candidates.

Manufacturing is subject to extensive regulations that impose various procedural and documentation requirements
governing recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls, personnel, quality control and quality assurance,
among others. Our manufacturing facilities and the CMOs we use to manufacture our drugs and drug candidates
operate under current good manufacturing practice regulations, or cGMP conditions. cGMP are regulatory
requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals that will be used in humans.


CONTRACT MANUFACTURING ORGANIZATIONS

We outsource to a limited number of external contract manufacturers the production of some drug substances
and drug products, and we expect to continue to do so to meet the preclinical, clinical and potential commercial
requirements of our drugs and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that the production
qualifications, facilities and processes of our third-party outsourced suppliers comply with the relevant regulatory
requirements and our internal guidelines. We select our third-party suppliers carefully by considering a number of
factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production capacity, geographic proximity, reputation,
track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules, and terms offered by such third-party
outsourced suppliers.

We have framework agreements with most of our external service providers, under which they generally provide
services to us on a short-term and project-by-project basis. For example, we have an agreement with a contract
manufacturer for clinical supply of zanubrutinib and expect to enter into a commercial supply agreement for
zanubrutinib in the future. We have entered into a commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim
Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd., or Boehringer Ingelheim, for our investigational anti-PD-1 antibody therapy,
tislelizumab, which will be manufactured at Boehringer Ingelheim’s facility in Shanghai, China as part of a marketing
authorization holder, or MAH, trial project pioneered by us and Boehringer Ingelheim. We believe the MAH status
will be maintained after the expiration of the MAH pilot program in November 2019, based on confirmation from
the relevant governmental authority, and therefore we believe that the expiration of the MAH pilot program will
not impact our drug candidates. Under the terms of the commercial supply agreement, Boehringer Ingelheim will
manufacture tislelizumab in China under an exclusive multi-year arrangement, with contract extension possible.
In addition, we obtained certain preferred rights for future capacity expansion by Boehringer Ingelheim in China.
For our commercial products licensed from Celgene, we rely on Celgene and its contract manufacturers outside of
China for the supply of those drugs.

Agreements with outsourced suppliers generally set out terms, including product quality or service details, technical
standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection and acceptance criteria.
We are generally allowed to return any products that fail to meet our quality standards. Our outsourced suppliers
procure raw materials themselves. Typically, outsourced suppliers request settlement of payment within 30 days
from the date of invoice. Either party may terminate the agreements by serving notice to the other party under
certain circumstances.




34     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                         BUSINESS


Celgene Collaboration


Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement

On July 5, 2017, we entered into an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement, as amended and restated,
with Celgene and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Celgene Switzerland LLC, or Celgene Switzerland, which became
effective on August 31, 2017, pursuant to which we granted the Celgene parties an exclusive right to develop and
commercialize tislelizumab in all fields of treatment, other than hematology, in the United States, Europe, Japan and
the rest of world other than Asia, which we refer to as the PD-1 License Agreement.

Pursuant to the terms of the PD-1 License Agreement, the Celgene parties made upfront payments of US$263
million to us. In addition, pursuant to a share subscription agreement with Celgene Switzerland dated July 5, 2017,
or the Share Subscription Agreement, we issued approximately 32.7 million of our ordinary shares on August 31,
2017 for an aggregate purchase price of US$150 million at US$4.58 per ordinary share, or US$59.55 per ADS,
representing a 35% premium to an 11-day volume-weighted average price of our ADSs. The agreement also
provides for up to US$980 million in potential development, regulatory and sales milestone payments and tiered
royalties based on percentages of annual net sales, depending on specified terms, in the low double digit to mid-
twenties, with customary reductions in specified circumstances. Royalties are payable on a licensed product-by-
product and country-by-country basis until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of
regulatory exclusivity, or 12 years after the first commercial sale of such licensed product in the country of sale.

Each party has the right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab in its respective field and territory, and has also
agreed to collaborate through a joint steering committee comprised of an equal number of representatives from
each party on, among other things, the conduct of up to eight global pivotal clinical trials, or the Basket Studies.
Each Basket Study will be conducted and funded by either us or Celgene in accordance with a mutually agreed
development plan and study design. For any Basket Studies conducted and funded by us, Celgene has the right to
opt into such program, at which time it will reimburse us for agreed upon development costs based on a multiple
of such costs that varies according to the stage of development at which Celgene opts into the program. Celgene
has committed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop at least one licensed product, to seek specified
regulatory approvals and to spend at least US$100 million on development for the Basket Studies led by Celgene,
subject to specified conditions. In addition, we retain the right to develop tislelizumab in combination therapies with
our portfolio compounds, and Celgene has a right of first negotiation for tislelizumab in the hematology field and in
our territory, subject to specified conditions.

The PD-1 License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by us and Celgene.
Unless earlier terminated, the agreement will expire on a licensed product-by-product and country-by-country
basis upon the expiration of the royalty term in such country for such licensed product. The agreement may be
terminated by Celgene upon 30 days’ prior written notice, or by either party upon the other party’s bankruptcy or
uncured material breach. In addition, the agreement includes standard exclusivity obligations and provisions that
are triggered in the event that Celgene acquires or is acquired by a third party with a competing product.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT              35
BUSINESS


In January 2019, Celgene and Bristol-Myers Squibb, or BMS, announced the proposed acquisition of Celgene by
BMS, which is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019, subject to receipt of required approvals. BMS markets
the anti-PD-1 inhibitor OPDIVO® (nivolumab). Assuming that the BMS-Celgene transaction closes, we expect
that a likely outcome will be that the PD-1 License Agreement will be terminated under the exclusivity and related
provisions, and we will regain the full rights to tislelizumab with a termination fee from Celgene. Prior to that time,
we expect to continue to conduct the agreed upon development plans under the existing terms of the agreement,
including receipt from Celgene of development funding for the Basket Studies that it has agreed to fund. In the
event that the PD-1 License Agreement is terminated, we believe that we are operationally and financially capable
of continuing to advance tislelizumab on our own with minimal disruption.


Celgene China Agreements

On July 5, 2017, we and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene, Celgene Logistics Sàrl, or Celgene Logistics,
entered into a License and Supply Agreement, which we refer to as the China License Agreement and which
became effective on August 31, 2017, pursuant to which we were granted the right to exclusively distribute and
promote Celgene’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID® and VIDAZA®, and its investigational
agent avadomide (CC-122) in clinical development in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. In addition,
if Celgene decides to commercialize a new oncology product through a third-party in the licensed territory during
the first five years of the term, we have a right of first negotiation to obtain the right to commercialize the product,
subject to certain conditions. We paid an aggregate of US$4.5 million in cash for the license and our acquisition of
Celgene Shanghai, as described below.

The term of the China License Agreement is 10 years and may be terminated by either party upon written notice in
the event of uncured material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, or if the underlying regulatory approvals for
the covered products are revoked. Celgene Logistics also has the right to terminate the agreement with respect to
REVLIMID® at any time upon written notice to the Company under certain circumstances.

In the event of an acquisition of Celgene Logistics by another party, the China License Agreement provides that
Celgene Logistics shall provide notice to us, and within a specified period of time, requires that the parties discuss
in good faith any changes in the supply requirements of the China License Agreement that Celgene Logistics may
request as a result of the acquisition. During that period, the China License Agreement requires us to conduct
business in the ordinary course and provides that Celgene Logistics is not required to supply more than a specified
amount more than the amount of our forecasted demand. We expect to be able to continue to market ABRAXANE®,
REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® in China under the China License Agreement following the closing of the announced BMS
acquisition of Celgene, if that transaction occurs.

The China License Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and confidentiality and mutual
indemnification provisions.




36     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


On August 31, 2017, our wholly owned subsidiary, BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd., acquired 100% of the equity
interests of Celgene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., or Celgene Shanghai, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of China. The purchase price of Celgene Shanghai
was determined to be approximately US$28.1 million from an accounting perspective, and comprised of a cash
consideration of US$4.5 million and non-cash consideration of US$23.6 million. The amount allocated to non-
cash consideration, related to the discount on ordinary shares issued to Celgene in connection with the Share
Subscription Agreement and was a result of the increase in fair value of our shares between the fixed price of
US$59.55 per ADS specified in the Share Subscription Agreement and the fair value per ADS on August 31,
2017, the date the transaction closed. This company, which we subsequently renamed BeiGene Pharmaceutical
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd., is in the business of, among other things, providing marketing and promotional services for the
pharmaceutical products that we license from Celgene. Prior to closing, Celgene separated out certain business
functions, including regulatory and drug safety, that continue to support the business acquired by us.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our drug candidates and their methods of use are an important
part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below. We have
obtained patents and filed patent applications in the United States and other countries and regions, such as China
and Europe, relating to certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional patent protection for them and
for our other drug candidates and technologies. We rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that
are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection including our manufacturing
processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to
develop, strengthen and support our development programs.

As of February 11, 2019, we owned 18 issued U.S. patents, 10 issued China patents, a number of pending U.S.
and China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications internationally. In addition, we
owned pending international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, which we plan to file
nationally in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as additional priority PCT applications. With respect
to any issued patents in the United States and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to
extend the patent expiration date, provided that we meet the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent
term extensions. For example, in the United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five years
for one of the patents covering a drug product once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact duration of the
extension depends on the time that we spend in clinical studies as well as getting approval from the FDA.

The patent portfolios for our later-stage clinical drug candidates as of February 11, 2019, are summarized below:

Zanubrutinib. We own two issued U.S. patents, one issued China patent, a number of pending PCT and U.S.
patent applications, and corresponding patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to zanubrutinib, a small
molecule BTK inhibitor, combinations of zanubrutinib with other therapeutic agents, and its use for the treatment
of hematological malignancies or autoimmune disease. The expected expiration for the issued U.S. patents and
the issued China patent is 2034, excluding any additional term for patent term extensions. We intend to pursue
marketing exclusivity periods that are available under regulatory provisions in certain countries.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            37
BUSINESS


Tislelizumab. We own three issued U.S. patents, one issued China patent, pending PCT, U.S. and China patent
applications, and corresponding pending patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to tislelizumab, a
humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1, and its use for the treatment of cancer. The expected expiration
for the issued U.S. patents and the issued China patent is 2033, excluding any additional term for patent term
extensions. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that are available under regulatory provisions in
certain countries.

Pamiparib. We own three issued U.S. patents, one issued China patent, a number of pending PCT, U.S. and China
patent applications, and corresponding pending patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to pamiparib,
a small molecule PARP1/2 inhibitor, and its use for the treatment of cancer, including glioblastomas and breast
cancer. The expected expiration for the issued U.S. patents and the issued China patent is 2031, excluding any
additional term for patent term extensions. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that are available
under regulatory provisions in certain countries.

Lifirafenib. We own two issued U.S. patents, two issued China patents, a number of pending PCT, U.S. and China
patent applications, and corresponding pending patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to lifirafenib,
a small molecule BRAF inhibitor, and its use for the treatment of cancer, including BRAF mutated cancers. The
expected expiration for the issued U.S. patents and the issued China patents is 2031, excluding any additional term
for patent term extensions. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that are available under regulatory
provisions in certain countries.

The patent portfolios for our three in-licensed commercial products in China are summarized below:

ABRAXANE ® . We are the exclusive licensee of five issued Chinese patents and a number of pending Chinese
patent applications directed to ABRAXANE®, a nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel, covering its composition,
liquid formulation, and use for the treatment of cancer. Two of the five issued Chinese patents expired in 2018. The
expected expirations for the other three issued Chinese patents are 2021, 2026 and 2031, respectively, excluding
any additional term for patent term extensions. However, generic versions of albumin-bound palclitaxel have been
approved in China and are being commercialized.

REVLIMID ®. We are the exclusive licensee of seven issued Chinese patents directed to REVLIMID® (lenalidomide),
covering its use for the treatment of cancer, including MM. The expected expirations for the issued Chinese patents
are 2023 and 2027, respectively, excluding any additional term for patent term extensions. However, generic
versions of lenalidomide have been approved in China and are being commercialized.

VIDAZA ®. We do not have any rights in any issued China patent or pending China patent applications directed to
VIDAZA®, a chemical analog of cytidine, and its use for the treatment of cancer. We are aware of third parties who
are seeking to develop and obtain approval for generic forms of this drug.




38     BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is
limited. As noted above, ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® face or are expected to face competition from
generic medications, and we may face similar competition for any approved drug candidates even if we successfully
obtain patent protection once the patent life has expired for the drug. The scope, validity or enforceability of our
patents may be challenged in court, and we may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual
property rights and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would
have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. Under our license agreement with Celgene,
Celgene retains the responsibility for, but is not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for these
in-licensed products. As such, any issued patents may not protect us from generic competition for these drugs.

The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, including the United States and China, the term of an issued patent is generally 20 years from the
earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a
patent’s term may be lengthened in some cases by a patent term adjustment, which extends the term of a patent
to account for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in excess of
a patent applicant’s own delays during the prosecution process, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally
disclaimed over a commonly owned patent having an earlier expiration date. In addition, in certain instances, a
patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory
review period. However, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including
the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval.

In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.

We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect aspects of our
technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors and invention assignment agreements
with our employees. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by
maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology
systems.

Additionally, we currently own a number of registered trademarks and pending trademark applications. We
currently have registered trademarks for BeiGene and our corporate logo in China, the European Union and other
jurisdictions and are seeking trademark protection for BeiGene, our corporate logo, product names and logos, and
other marks in the United States and other countries where available and appropriate.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            39
RISK FACTORS


The following section includes the most significant factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and
operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis,” before deciding to invest in our ADSs or ordinary shares. The occurrence of any of the events or
developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth
prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs and ordinary shares could decline, and you may lose all
or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Drug Candidates


We depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates, which are in clinical development. If we are
unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our drug
candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed.

Our business will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our
drug candidates for the treatment of patients with cancer, which are still in clinical development, and other drug
candidates we may develop. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the
development of our existing drug candidates. The success of our drug candidates will depend on several factors,
including:

•    successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials, as well as completion of preclinical studies;

•    favorable safety and efficacy data from our clinical trials and other studies;

•    receipt of regulatory approvals;

•    establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities, either by building facilities ourselves or making
     arrangements with third-party manufacturers;

•    the performance by contract research organizations, or CROs, or other third parties we may retain of their
     duties to us in a manner that complies with our protocols and applicable laws and that protects the integrity
     of the resulting data;

•    obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory
     exclusivity;

•    ensuring we do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the patent, trade secret or other intellectual
     property rights of third parties;

•    successfully launching our drug candidates, if and when approved;

•    obtaining favorable reimbursement from third-party payors for drugs, if and when approved;

•    competition with other products;

•    continued acceptable safety profile following regulatory approval; and




40     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


•     manufacturing or obtaining sufficient supplies of our drugs, drug candidates and any competitor drug
      products that may be necessary for use in clinical trials for evaluation of our drug candidates and
      commercialization of our drugs.

If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant
delays in our ability or be unable to obtain approval for and/or to successfully commercialize our drugs and drug
candidates, which would materially harm our business and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues and
cash flows to continue our operations.


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.

The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience
difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the size and nature of the
patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol.

Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to
us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being
conducted by one of our competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is
limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors
use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Even
if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result in
increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion
of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.


Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure
can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of
our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim results
of a trial may not be predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show
the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials.
In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials of
the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols,
differences in the size and type of the patient populations, including genetic differences, patient adherence to the
dosing regimen and other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the
case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites
and additional countries and languages involved in such trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and
biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or
adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be
favorable.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT             41
RISK FACTORS


Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable efficacy and impressive durability of antitumor responses,
not all patients may benefit. For certain drugs, including checkpoint inhibitors, and in certain indications, it is likely
that the majority of patients may not respond to the agents at all, some responders may relapse after a period of
response and certain tumor types may appear particularly resistant.


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.

Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous unexpected
events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or
commercialize our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards, or IRBs, or
ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at
a prospective trial site; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites,
the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and
trial sites; manufacturing issues, including problems with manufacturing, supply quality, compliance with China’s
drug Good Manufacturing Practice, current good manufacturing practice, or GMP, or obtaining from third parties
sufficient quantities of a drug candidate for use in a clinical trial or for commercialization; clinical trials of our drug
candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to
conduct additional clinical trials or abandon drug development programs; the number of patients required for clinical
trials of our drug candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we
anticipate or patients may drop out at a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors, including clinical
investigators, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely
manner, or at all; we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our drug candidates for various reasons,
including a finding of a lack of clinical response or other unexpected characteristics or a finding that participants
are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; regulators, IRBs or ethics committees may require that we or our
investigators suspend or terminate clinical research or not rely on the results of clinical research for various reasons,
including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be
greater than we anticipate; and the supply or quality of our drugs and drug candidates, companion diagnostics or
other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates or commercialization of our drugs may be
insufficient or inadequate.




42     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may:

•    be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates;

•    not obtain regulatory approval at all;

•    obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended;

•    have the drug removed from the market after obtaining regulatory approval;

•    be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements;

•    be subject to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or

•    be unable to obtain reimbursement for use of the drug.

Significant clinical trial or regulatory delays may also increase our development costs and could shorten any periods
during which we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring
drugs to market before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our
business and results of operations.


Risks Related to Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated.

All jurisdictions in which we intend to conduct our pharmaceutical-industry activities regulate these activities in great
depth and detail. We initially intend to focus our activities in the major markets of the United States, China and other
Asian countries, and the European Union. These geopolitical areas all strictly regulate the pharmaceutical industry,
and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of product development and
approval, manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the
regulatory regimes-some minor, some significant-that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance
burden for a company like ours that plans to operate in each of these regions.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT             43
RISK FACTORS


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with appropriate laws and regulations require the
expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements at
any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject an applicant
to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending
applications, withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations
could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, although we received a Breakthrough Therapy
designation for zanubrutinib for the treatment of adult patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) who have received
at least one prior therapy in January 2019, the FDA may later decide that such drug candidate no longer meets the
conditions for qualification and may rescind such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy
designation for a drug candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to
drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the
FDA.


The regulatory approval processes of the regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other
comparable regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately
unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially harmed.

The time required to obtain approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the National Medical
Products Administration of China, or NMPA (formerly known as the China Food and Drug Administration or China
Drug Administration), the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and other comparable regulatory authorities is
unpredictable and typically takes many years following the commencement of preclinical studies and clinical trials
and depends on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.

Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:

•      failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;

•      failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
       and potent for its proposed indication;

•      failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;

•      reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;

•      disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;

•      changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
       or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;

•      regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
       regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
       candidates or other products;




44      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


•      failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
       requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;

•      our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
       and

•      clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
       conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.

The FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority may require more information, including additional
preclinical, chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or CMC, and/or clinical data, to support approval, which
may delay or prevent approval and our commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the development
program.

Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial
protocols submitted to applicable regulatory authorities to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to
resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing
or successful completion of a clinical trial.

If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates, the
commercial prospects of that drug candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product sales revenues
from any of those drug candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will
increase our costs, slow down our drug candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability
to commence product sales and generate related revenues for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm
our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead
to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory
approval of our drug candidates.

Our development activities also could be harmed or delayed by a shutdown of the U.S. government, including the
FDA.


We believe that our drug candidates’ designation in China as Category 1 products should confer certain
regulatory advantages on us. These advantages may not result in commercial benefits to us as we expect, and
they might be changed in the future in a manner adverse to us.

In China, prior to seeking approval from the NMPA, a pharmaceutical company needs to determine the drug’s
registration category, which will determine the requirements for its clinical trial and marketing application. These
categories range from Category 1, for drugs incorporating a new chemical entity that has not previously been
marketed anywhere in the world, to Category 2, for drugs with new indications, dosage forms or routes of
administration and the like, to Categories 3 and 4, for certain generic drugs, to Category 5, for “originator” (what
would be known elsewhere as innovative) or generic drugs previously marketed abroad but not yet approved for
marketing in China. Therapeutic biologics follow a similar classification system. All of our internally developed drug
candidates are classified as Category 1 based on the respective clinical trial approval from the NMPA, which is a
favored category for regulatory review and approval.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            45
RISK FACTORS


The NMPA has adopted several mechanisms for expedited review and approval for drug candidates that apply to
Category 1 drug candidates. While we believe that the Category 1 designation of our internally developed clinical
stage drug candidates should provide us with a significant regulatory, and therefore commercial, advantage over
non-Chinese companies seeking to market products in China, we cannot be sure that this will be the case. The
pharmaceutical regulatory environment is evolving quickly, and changes in laws, regulations, enforcement and
internal policies could result in the “favored” status of Category 1 products changing, or being eliminated altogether
or our products classification in Category 1 changing. We cannot be certain that the advantages we believe will
be conferred by our Category 1 classifications will be realized or result in any material development or commercial
advantage.


The absence of patent-linkage, patent-term extension and data and market exclusivity for NMPA-approved
pharmaceutical products could increase the risk of early generic competition with our products in China.

In the United States, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the law generally referred to as
the “Hatch-Waxman Amendments”, provides the opportunity for patent-term restoration of up to five years to
reflect patent term lost during certain portions of product development and the FDA regulatory review process.
The Hatch-Waxman Amendments also have a process for patent linkage, pursuant to which FDA will stay approval
of certain follow-on applications during the pendency of litigation between the follow-on applicant and the patent
holder or licensee, generally for a period of 30 months. Finally, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments provide for
statutory exclusivities that can prevent submission or approval of certain follow-on marketing applications. For
example, federal law provides a five-year period of exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to
obtain approval of a new chemical entity (as defined) and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations
to previously approved active ingredients where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical investigations
to obtain approval for the modification. Similarly, the Orphan Drug Act provides seven years of market exclusivity
for certain drugs to treat rare diseases, where FDA designates the drug candidate as an orphan drug and the drug
is approved for the designated orphan indication. These provisions, designed to promote innovation, can prevent
competing products from entering the market for a certain period of time after FDA grants marketing approval for
the innovative product.

In China, however, there is no currently effective law or regulation providing patent term extension, patent linkage,
or data exclusivity (referred to as regulatory data protection). Therefore, a lower-cost generic drug can emerge
onto the market much more quickly. Chinese regulators have set forth a framework for integrating patent linkage
and data exclusivity into the Chinese regulatory regime, as well as for establishing a pilot program for patent
term extension. To be implemented, this framework will require adoption of regulations. To date, the NMPA has
issued several draft implementing regulations in this regard for public comment but no regulations have been
formally issued. These factors result in weaker protection for us against generic competition in China than could be
available to us in the United States until the relevant implementing regulations for extension, patent linkage, or data
exclusivity are put into effect officially in China.




46      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Chinese manufacturing facilities have historically experienced issues operating in line with established cGMPs
and international best practices, and passing FDA and NMPA inspections, which may result in a longer and
costlier current good manufacturing practice inspection and approval process by the FDA or NMPA for our
Chinese manufacturing processes and third party contract manufacturers.

To obtain FDA and NMPA approval for our products in the United States and China, respectively, we will need
to undergo strict pre-approval inspections of our manufacturing facilities, which we have located in China, or
the manufacturing facilities of our contract manufacturers located in China and elsewhere. Historically, some
manufacturing facilities in China have had difficulty meeting the FDA’s or NMPA’s standards. When inspecting
our or our contractors’ Chinese manufacturing facilities, the FDA or NMPA might cite cGMP deficiencies, both
minor and significant, which we may not be required to disclose. Remediating deficiencies can be laborious and
costly and consume significant periods of time. Moreover, if the FDA or NMPA notes deficiencies as a result of its
inspection, it will generally reinspect the facility to determine if the deficiency was remediated to its satisfaction. The
FDA or NMPA may note further deficiencies as a result of its reinspection, either related to the previously identified
deficiency or otherwise. If we cannot satisfy the FDA and NMPA as to our compliance with cGMP in a timely
basis, FDA or NMPA marketing approval for our products could be seriously delayed, which in turn would delay
commercialization of our drug candidates.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our drugs and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.

Undesirable adverse events, or AEs, caused by our drugs and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities, or could result in
limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of our trials or patient experience following
approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our trials could be suspended or terminated
and the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development
of, or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.

Numerous drug-related AEs and serious AEs, or SAEs, have been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these
events have led to patient death. Drug-related AEs or SAEs could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled
subjects to complete the trial, and could result in product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our
reputation, business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the
SEC and our press releases and scientific and medical presentations released from time to time we disclose clinical
results for our drug candidates, including the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as
of the date of the data cutoff used in such report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless
required by applicable law. Also, a number of immune-related adverse events, or IRAEs, have been associated
with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors such as our investigational PD-1 inhibitor tislelizumab, including immune-
mediated pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, skin adverse reactions,
and encephalitis. These IRAEs may be more common in certain patient populations (potentially including elderly
patients) and may be exacerbated when checkpoint inhibitors are combined with other therapies.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             47
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our drugs and drug candidates, or caused by our drugs and drug
candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative consequences,
including:

•    regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;

•    we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the drug;

•    regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the drug, or we may determine to do so
     even if not required;

•    regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;

•    we may be required to develop a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, for the drug, as is the case
     with REVLIMID®, or, if a REMS is already in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or
     to develop a similar strategy as required by a comparable regulatory authority;

•    we may be required to conduct post-market studies; and

•    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects.


Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and
continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to
penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our drug
candidates.

Our drugs and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements
for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-
marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both federal
and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable regulatory authorities in China and
other countries.

Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the United States, ensuring that quality control and
manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will
be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments
made in any New Drug Application, or NDA, or Biologics License Application, or BLA, other marketing application,
and previous responses to any inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must
continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing,
production and quality control.




48     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


The regulatory approvals for our drugs and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and may
be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the conditions
of approval, which could adversely affect the drug’s commercial potential or contain requirements for potentially
costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the drug or drug candidate. The
FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may also require a REMS program or comparable program
as a condition of approval of our drug candidates or following approval, as is the case with REVLIMID®. In addition,
if the FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority approves our drug candidates, we will have to comply
with requirements including, for example, submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports,
establishment registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP and Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, for any
clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.

The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or withdraw
marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the
drug reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our drugs or drug candidates or
with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions
to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to
assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other
potential consequences include, among other things:

•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our drugs, withdrawal of the product from the market, or
     voluntary or mandatory product recalls;

•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;

•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;

•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our drugs and drug candidates; and

•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications
and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA,
NMPA, EMA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted
that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in
the United States or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly evolving. If we are
slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if
we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            49
RISK FACTORS


In addition, if we were able to obtain accelerated approval of any of our drug candidates, the FDA would require us
to conduct a confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also require post-marketing safety
studies. Other comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States, such as the NMPA or EMA, may have
similar requirements. The results from the confirmatory study may not support the clinical benefit, which would
result in the approval being withdrawn. While operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain
restrictions that we would not be subject to upon receiving regular approval.


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our drugs, we
may be unable to market such drug or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages, and
our business could be materially harmed.

We plan to develop certain of our drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If the FDA, NMPA, EMA or
another comparable regulatory agency revokes its approval of another therapeutic we use in combination with our
drug candidates, we will not be able to market our drug candidates in combination with such revoked therapeutic.
If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our drug candidates
in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be required to redesign or terminate the
applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result in a supply shortage of any component
of our combination drug candidates, we may not be able to complete clinical development of our drug candidates
on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience disruptions in the commercialization of our approved drugs.


Reimbursement may not be available for our drug candidates. Even if we are able to commercialize our drugs
and any approved drug candidates, the drugs may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-
party reimbursement practices, which could harm our business.

The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new therapeutic products vary
widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be
marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In
some non-U.S. markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control
even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a drug in a particular
country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the drug and negatively
impact our revenues.

Our ability to commercialize any drugs successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement
for these drugs and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private
health insurers and other organizations.

A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-
party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular
medications.




50     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors.
As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party
payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific,
clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our drugs on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance
that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Even if we obtain coverage for a given drug, the
resulting reimbursement rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-
payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate
reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our genetically modified drugs.
Patients are unlikely to use our drugs and any approved drug candidates unless coverage is provided and
reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of the drug. Because some of our drugs and
drug candidates have a higher cost of goods than conventional therapies, and may require long-term follow up
evaluations, the risk that coverage and reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may
be greater.

In China, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of China or provincial or local human resources and
social security authorities, together with other government authorities, review the inclusion or removal of drugs from
China’s National Drug Catalog for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance,
or the National Reimbursement Drug List, or the NRDL, or provincial or local medical insurance catalogues for the
National Medical Insurance Program regularly, and the tier under which a drug will be classified, both of which
affect the amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those drugs. There can be no
assurance that our drugs and any approved drug candidates will be included in the NRDL. Products included in
the NRDL have been typically generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs similar to our drug candidates have
historically been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL due to the affordability of the government’s Basic
Medical Insurance, although this has been changing in recent years.

Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any drug that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any drug which we commercialize. Obtaining or
maintaining reimbursement for our drugs may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated
with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not available or is available
only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any drug candidate that we in-license or
successfully develop.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            51
RISK FACTORS


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited
than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities outside the
United States. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at
a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments
for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent.
Payment rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based
on payments allowed for lower cost drugs that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing
payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required
by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict
imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Our inability to
promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our
drugs and any new drugs that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating
results, and our overall financial condition.

We intend to seek approval to market our drug candidates in the United States, China, Europe and in other
jurisdictions. In some non-U.S. countries, particularly those in the European Union, the pricing of drugs and
biologics is subject to governmental control, which can take considerable time even after obtaining regulatory
approval. Market acceptance and sales of our drugs will depend significantly on the availability of adequate
coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for drugs and may be affected by existing and future health
care reform measures.


Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain regulatory approval
of and commercialize our drug candidates and affect the prices we may obtain.

In the United States, China, the European Union and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of
legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay
regulatory approval of our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability
to profitably sell our drugs and any drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. We expect that
healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure
on the price that we receive for any approved drug. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other
government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of
cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain
profitability, or commercialize our drugs.

Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and
promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will
be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such
changes on the regulatory approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be.




52     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


In recent years, there have been and will likely continue to be efforts to enact administrative or legislative changes
to healthcare laws and policies, including modification, repeal, or replacement of all, or certain provisions of, the
Affordable Care Act, or ACA. The implications of the ACA, its possible repeal, any legislation that may be proposed
to replace the ACA, modifications to the implementation of the ACA, and the political uncertainty surrounding any
repeal or replacement legislation for our business and financial condition, if any, are not yet clear.


Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Drugs and Drug Candidates


If we are not able to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able
to commercialize our drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired.

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United
States, to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is
safe, pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the NDA or BLA must include significant information
regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the drug candidate. Obtaining approval of an NDA or BLA
is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and approval may not be obtained. If we submit an NDA or BLA
to the FDA, the FDA decides whether to accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain that any
submissions will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA.

We have not yet demonstrated an ability to receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates. For example, we
have limited experience in preparing the required materials for regulatory submission and do not have experience
navigating the regulatory approval process. As a result, our ability to successfully submit an NDA or BLA and obtain
regulatory approval for our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it
would if we were a company with experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.

Regulatory authorities outside of the United States, such as the NMPA and EMA, also have requirements for
approval of drugs for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those areas. Regulatory
requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our drug
candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other
countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained
in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and
validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking non-U.S. regulatory approval could require
additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. The non-U.S. regulatory
approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. For all of these reasons, we
may not obtain non-U.S. regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           53
RISK FACTORS


The process to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize drug candidates is long, complex and
costly both inside and outside the United States and China, and approval is never guaranteed. Even if our drug
candidates were to successfully obtain approval from the regulatory authorities, any approval might significantly
limit the approved indications for use, or require that precautions, contraindications or warnings be included on the
product labeling, or require expensive and time-consuming post-approval clinical trials or surveillance as conditions
of approval. Following any approval for commercial sale of our drug candidates, certain changes to the drug, such
as changes in manufacturing processes and additional labeling claims, may be subject to additional review and
approval by the FDA, NMPA and EMA and comparable regulatory authorities. Also, regulatory approval for any of
our drug candidates may be withdrawn. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates in
one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, our target market will be reduced and our
ability to realize the full market potential of our drug candidates will be harmed. Furthermore, we may not be able
to obtain sufficient funding or generate sufficient revenue and cash flows to continue the development of any other
drug candidate in the future.


We have limited manufacturing capability and must rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our
clinical supplies and commercial products, if and when approved, and if they fail to meet their obligations, the
development and commercialization of our products could be adversely affected.

We have limited manufacturing capabilities and experience. Our drug candidates are composed of multiple
components and require specialized formulations for which scale-up and manufacturing could be difficult. We have
limited experience in such scale-up and manufacturing requiring us to depend on a limited number of third parties,
who may not be able to deliver in a timely manner, or at all. In order to develop products, apply for regulatory
approvals, and commercialize our products, we will need to develop, contract for, or otherwise arrange for the
necessary manufacturing capabilities. There are risks inherent in pharmaceutical manufacturing that could affect
the ability of our contract manufacturers to meet our delivery time requirements or provide adequate amounts of
material to meet our needs.

Additionally, our internally-developed drug candidates have not yet been manufactured for commercial use. If any
of our drug candidates become approved for commercial sale, we will need to establish either internal or third-
party manufacturing capacity. Manufacturing partner requirements may require us to fund capital improvements,
perhaps on behalf of third parties, to support the scale-up of manufacturing and related activities. We may not
be able to establish scaled manufacturing capacity for an approved drug in a timely or economic manner, if
at all. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to provide commercial quantities of such an approved
drug, we will have to successfully transfer manufacturing technology to a different manufacturer. Engaging a
new manufacturer for such an approved drug could require us to conduct comparative studies or utilize other
means to determine bioequivalence of the new and prior manufacturers’ products, which could delay or prevent
our ability to commercialize such an approved drug. If we or any of these manufacturers is unable or unwilling to
increase its manufacturing capacity or if we are unable to establish alternative arrangements on a timely basis or
on acceptable terms, the development and commercialization of such an approved drug may be delayed or there
may be a shortage in supply. Any inability to manufacture our drug candidates or future approved drugs in sufficient
quantities when needed would seriously harm our business.




54     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers of our approved drugs, if any, must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA, NMPA
and other comparable foreign health authorities through facilities inspection programs. These requirements
include quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of
our approved drugs, if any, may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with other FDA, NMPA,
state, and foreign regulatory requirements. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and
civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or
withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any quantities supplied is compromised due to a manufacturer’s
failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or
successfully commercialize our products, which would seriously harm our business.


Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance
by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial
success.

Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like
chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue
to rely on these treatments to the exclusion of our drugs and drug candidates. In addition, physicians, patients
and third-party payors may prefer other novel products to ours. If our drugs and drug candidates do not achieve
an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become
profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our drugs and drug candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will
depend on a number of factors, including:

•    the clinical indications for which our drugs and drug candidates are approved;

•    physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our drugs and drug candidates as a
     safe and effective treatment;

•    the potential and perceived advantages of our drugs and drug candidates over alternative treatments;

•    the prevalence and severity of any side effects;

•    product labeling or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities;

•    limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by regulatory authorities;

•    the timing of market introduction of our drugs and drug candidates as well as competitive drugs;

•    the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;

•    the availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government
     authorities;

•    the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and reimbursement by third-party
     payors and government authorities; and

•    the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2018       ANNUAL REPORT      55
RISK FACTORS


If any drugs that we commercialize fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer
treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. Even if
our drugs achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new
products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our drugs, are more cost effective or
render our drugs obsolete.


We have limited experience in marketing third-party drugs and no experience in launching an internally-
developed drug candidate. If we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into
agreements with third parties to market and sell our drug candidates and third-party drugs, we may not be able
to generate product sales revenue.

In connection with our strategic collaboration with Celgene, we were granted an exclusive license in China,
excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, to commercialize Celgene’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE®,
REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA®, and Celgene’s investigational agent avadomide (CC-122) in clinical development, and
acquired Celgene’s commercial operations in China, excluding certain functions. We started marketing Celgene’s
approved drugs in September 2017. We continue to build our salesforce in China to market these drugs and our
drug candidates, in the event they receive commercial approval, and any additional drugs or drug candidates that
we may in-license, which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time.

We have not yet demonstrated an ability to launch and commercialize any of our drug candidates. For example,
we do not have experience in building a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis, obtaining
state licenses and reimbursement, or managing distributors and a sales force for our internally-developed drug
candidates. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates may involve more inherent
risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with experience launching drug candidates.

We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain
marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing and
commercial distribution capabilities for any or all of our drugs, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements
regarding the sales and marketing of our drugs. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales
forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties. We would have little or no control
over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than
if we had commercialized our drugs ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us
with the sales and marketing efforts for our drugs.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully maintain in-house sales
and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to
successfully commercialize any product, and as a result, we may not be able to generate product sales revenue.




56     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing
competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.

The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell drugs or are
pursuing the development of drugs for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our drugs or
developing our drug candidates. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies
and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish
collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization.

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize drugs
that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than
any drugs that we commercialize or may develop. Our competitors also may obtain approval from the FDA, NMPA,
EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours,
which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market
and or slow our regulatory approval.

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved drugs than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our drugs and drug candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible
for or have failed prior treatments and may be small.

In markets with approved therapies, we expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later stage
therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those drugs that prove to be
sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second line therapy and potentially as a first
line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our drug candidates, even if approved, would be approved for second
line or first line therapy.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            57
RISK FACTORS


Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these cancers in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our drug candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates and may prove to be inaccurate or
based on imprecise data. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers.
The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient
population for our drugs and drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our drugs
and drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our drug candidates, because the potential
target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional
indications, including use as a first or second line therapy.


We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment
transparency laws, fraud and abuse laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations in the United
States and other jurisdictions, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual
damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings.

Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any
products for which we obtain regulatory approval. If we obtain FDA approval for any of our drug candidates and
begin commercializing those drugs in the United States, our operations may be subject to various federal and state
fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act,
and physician payment sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the
federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.

Additionally, we are subject to state and non-U.S. equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above,
among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare services reimbursed by any
source, not just governmental payors, including private insurers. In addition, some states have passed laws that
require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program
Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct. Several states also
impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures
to the state. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we fail to
comply with an applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties.

Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws
of several states.




58     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of fraud and
abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these laws, and
it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that our business
arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial
costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with
current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws
and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or
asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation
in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished
profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to
operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our
drug candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to non-U.S. equivalents of the healthcare laws
mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws.

If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not
in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including
exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which may also adversely affect our business.


We may explore the licensing of commercialization rights or other forms of collaboration worldwide, which will
expose us to additional risks of conducting business in additional international markets.

Non-U.S. markets are an important component of our growth strategy. For example, in connection with the
Celgene transactions, we retained exclusive rights for the development and commercialization of tislelizumab for
hematological cancers globally and for solid tumors in China and the rest of Asia, other than Japan. We initially
intend to focus on opportunities in China, in particular. If we fail to obtain licenses or enter into collaboration
arrangements with third parties in other markets, or if these parties are not successful, our revenue-generating
growth potential will be adversely affected. Moreover, international business relationships subject us to additional
risks that may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:

•     efforts to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties in connection with our
      international sales, marketing and distribution efforts may increase our expenses or divert our management’s
      attention from the acquisition or development of drug candidates;

•     difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;

•     potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;

•     unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of normal trade
      status between China and the United States;




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT         59
RISK FACTORS


•    economic weakness, including inflation;

•    compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling abroad;

•    the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;

•    currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;

•    workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;

•    failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
     regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws; and

•    business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, or
     natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires.

These and other risks may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue from international
markets.


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our drugs or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.

Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our drugs, which do not meet our or
our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit drug
may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a
result of counterfeit or unfit drugs sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition, thefts of inventory
at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold through unauthorized
channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our
future performance.

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company formed in October 2010. Our operations to date have focused
on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, establishing our intellectual property
portfolio, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials of our drug candidates, developing and operating internal
manufacturing capabilities, and the commercialization of our drugs. We have not yet completed large-scale, pivotal
or registrational clinical trials, obtained regulatory approvals, or manufactured or had manufactured a commercial
scale drug. We have no internally-developed products approved for commercial sale and have not generated
any revenue from internally-developed product sales. Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from
the sale of drugs in China licensed from Celgene. Our limited operating history, particularly in light of the rapidly
evolving cancer treatment field, may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and reliably predict our future
performance. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and
unknown factors. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer.




60     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable.

Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly speculative. It entails substantial upfront capital
expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or become commercially
viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we have incurred
losses in each period since our inception, except in the third quarter of 2017, when we were profitable due to
revenue recognized from an up-front license fee from Celgene. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had an
accumulated deficit of US$1.0 billion and US$330.5 million, respectively. Substantially all of our operating losses
have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from selling,
general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.

We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase in the near
term as we continue and expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and
our manufacturing facilities, and continue to commercialize the drugs that we have licensed from Celgene in China
and any other drugs that we may successfully develop or license. Typically, it takes many years to develop one new
drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating patients. In addition, we will continue to incur
costs associated with operating as a public company in the United States and Hong Kong. We will also incur costs
in support of our growth as a commercial-stage global biotechnology company. The size of our future net losses
will depend, in part, on the number and scope of our drug development programs and the associated costs of
those programs, the cost of our manufacturing activities, the cost of commercializing any approved products, our
ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones and other payments we make or receive with
arrangements with third parties. If any of our drug candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval,
or if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability
in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain
profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our
research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.


We will need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such financing,
we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our primary drug candidates.

Our drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and availability
of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can provide us with
product sales revenue. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our operating
activities used US$547.7 million and provided US$12.8 million of net cash during the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2017, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from operating activities in 2018 primarily due
to our net loss of US$674.0 million. Although we recorded positive net cash flows from operating activities in 2017,
primarily due to the upfront fees received from the Celgene collaboration, we cannot assure you that we will be
able to generate positive cash flows from operating activities in the future. Our liquidity and financial condition
may be materially and adversely affected by the negative net cash flows, and we cannot assure you that we will
have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our operations. If we resort to other financing activities to generate
additional cash, we will incur financing costs and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain the financing
on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we raise finance by issuing further equity securities your interest in our
company may be diluted. If we have negative operating cash flows in the future, our liquidity and financial condition
may be materially and adversely affected.



                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             61
RISK FACTORS


We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on drug discovery, advancing the clinical development of
our drug candidates, developing our manufacturing capabilities and securing drug supply, commercializing our
drugs and launching and commercializing any drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, including
building our own commercial organization to address markets in China, the United States and other markets.

While we have generated product revenue in China since September 2017 from sales of our drugs licensed from
Celgene, these revenues are not sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity
requirements, based upon our current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However,
we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will not be sufficient to enable
us to complete all global development or commercially launch all of our current drug candidates for the currently
anticipated indications and to invest in additional programs. Accordingly, we will require further funding through
public or private offerings, debt financing, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources. Our forecast
of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-
looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of
factors, including the factors discussed elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section. We have based this estimate on
assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we
currently expect. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including:

•    the progress, timing, scope and costs of our clinical trials, including the ability to timely enroll patients in our
     planned and potential future clinical trials;

•    the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals of our drug candidates;

•    the number and characteristics of drug candidates that we may in-license and develop;

•    the amount and timing of the milestone and royalty payments we receive from our collaborators;

•    the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property
     rights;

•    selling and marketing costs associated with our drugs in China and any future drug candidates that may be
     approved, including the cost and timing of expanding our marketing and sales capabilities;

•    the terms and timing of any potential future collaborations, licensing or other arrangements that we may
     establish;

•    cash requirements of any future acquisitions, licensing and/or the development of other drug candidates;

•    the cost and timing of development and completion of commercial-scale internal or outsourced manufacturing
     activities; and

•    our headcount growth and associated costs.




62     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise
capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and
development programs or future commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain additional funding when we need
it could seriously harm our business.


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.

We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect your rights as a holder of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The incurrence of additional
indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and
could also result in certain additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional
debt or issue additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other
operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of
additional equity securities, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our ADSs and/
or ordinary shares to decline. In the event that we enter into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to
raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party
on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or
commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve
more favorable terms.


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.

We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We do not regularly engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates
between particular foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A decline in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies
in countries in which we conduct clinical trials could have a negative impact on our research and development
costs. We cannot predict the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy proposed or adopted by the
People’s Republic of China, or PRC, Australia and other non-U.S. governments. It is difficult to predict how market
forces or PRC, Australia, other non-U.S. governments and U.S. government policies may impact the exchange rate
of RMB and the U.S. dollar or any other currencies in the future. There remains significant international pressure
on the PRC government to adopt a more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government, which has
threatened to label China as a “currency manipulator,” which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against
the U.S. dollar.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            63
RISK FACTORS


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, and our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially reduce any
dividends payable on our ordinary shares and/or ADSs in U.S. dollars. To the extent that we need to convert U.S.
dollars into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect
on the RMB amount we would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of
making payments for dividends on our ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against
the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.

In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain the State Administration of Foreign Exchange’s
approval before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All of these factors could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and could reduce the value
of, and dividends payable on, our ordinary shares and/or ADSs in foreign currency terms.


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of,
or defaults by, our distributors and customers, and an impairment in the carrying value of our short-term
investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.

We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase over the next few years, as will the breadth
of the entities to which we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific
distributors and customers that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or
circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.

Also, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent the
maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents of US$712.9 million and US$239.6
million, restricted cash of US$27.8 million and nil and short-term investments of US$1.1 billion and US$597.9 million
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, most of which are deposited in financial institutions outside of China.
Although our cash and cash equivalents in China are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions,
the deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the
event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full. As
of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, our short-term investments consisted primarily of U.S. Treasury
securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits. Although we believe that the U.S. Treasury securities, U.S.
agency securities and time deposits are of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit worthiness of these
institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the U.S. market, could lead to significant liquidity
problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.




64     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our drug candidates and drugs through intellectual
property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, third parties
may compete directly against us.

Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and drug candidates and
drugs from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including patent
rights. We seek to protect the drugs, drug candidates and technology that we consider commercially important
by filing patent applications in the United States, the PRC and other countries, relying on trade secrets or
pharmaceutical regulatory protection or employing a combination of these methods. This process is expensive
and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications
at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our
research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection.

The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to file,
prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in
a timely manner. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing
competitive drugs in all such fields and territories.

Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of reasons, including known
or unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty of the underlying invention or
technology. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output
in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with
parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our
employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors
and any other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a
patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of
discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United
States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases, not at all.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending
patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, the PRC
and, recently, the United States have adopted the “first-to-file” system under which whoever first files a patent
application will be awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. Under the first-to-file system,
third parties may be granted a patent relating to a technology which we invented.

In addition, under PRC patent law, any organization or individual that applies for a patent in a foreign country
for an invention or utility model accomplished in China is required to report to the National Intellectual Property
Administration, or NIPA, for security examination. Otherwise, if an application is later filed in China, the patent right
will not be granted.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT             65
RISK FACTORS


The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope
can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we license or own currently or in the future issue
as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors
or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition,
the patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex
legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance,
scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain.

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents
may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States, PRC and other countries. We may be subject
to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the USPTO or become involved in opposition, derivation,
revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceedings or similar proceedings
in foreign jurisdictions challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any
such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third
parties to commercialize our technology or drug candidates and compete directly with us without payment to us,
or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize drug candidates without infringing, misappropriating or
otherwise violating third-party patent rights. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference proceedings
declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as
oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of our invention or other features of patentability
of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in
patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from
using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection
of our technology and drug candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial costs and require
significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Consequently,
we do not know whether any of our technology or drug candidates will be protectable or remain protected by
valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by
developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner.

Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is
limited. For example, the approved cancer therapies we have licensed from Celgene in China, ABRAXANE®,
REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA®, face or are expected to face competition from generic medications, and we may face
similar competition for any approved drug candidates even if we successfully obtain patent protection once the
patent life has expired for the drug or if the patents are not enforced. Manufacturers of generic drugs may challenge
the scope, validity or enforceability of our patents in court, and we may not be successful in enforcing or defending
those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product
exclusively, which would have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. The issued patents
and pending patent applications, if issued, for our drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as
described in “Intellectual Property” of this annual report. Upon the expiration of our issued patents or patents that
may issue from our pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert such patent rights against potential
competitors and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.




66     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates,
patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug candidates are
commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us with sufficient rights to
exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Moreover, some of our patents and
patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with or licensed from third parties. If we are unable to
obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners’ interest in such patents or patent applications, such
co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors
could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-
owners or the licensors of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation
may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position,
business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects.


We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drug candidates in all countries throughout the world
could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our intellectual property rights in some non-U.S. countries can have a
different scope and strength than do those in the United States. In addition, the laws of certain non-U.S. countries
do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. federal and state laws do. Consequently, we
may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or
from selling or importing drugs made using our inventions in and into the United States or non-U.S. jurisdictions.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop
their own drugs and further, may export otherwise infringing drugs to non-U.S. jurisdictions where we have patent
protection, but where enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These drugs may compete
with our drugs and drug candidates and our patent rights or other intellectual property rights may not be effective
or adequate to prevent them from competing. In addition, we may not be able to enforce patents that we in-license
from third parties, who may delay or decline to enforce patents in the licensed territory.

We currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be
the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the
same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our primary brands, we may be required to
change our brand names, which could materially adversely affect our business. Moreover, as our products mature,
our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors will increase, and as a result, if we are
unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or
otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in
certain jurisdictions, including China. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents,
trade secrets and other intellectual property, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could
make it difficult in those jurisdictions for us to stop the infringement or misappropriation of our patents or other
intellectual property rights, or the marketing of competing drugs in violation of our proprietary rights.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          67
RISK FACTORS


We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be
commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may
be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop.


We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive,
time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our drug candidates could be found invalid or
unenforceable if challenged in court or before the USPTO or comparable non-U.S. authority.

Competitors may infringe our patent rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.
To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend
our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of our own
intellectual property rights or the proprietary rights of others. This can be expensive and time consuming. Any
claims that we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against
us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property rights. Many of our current and potential competitors have
the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce and/or defend their intellectual property rights
than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or
misappropriating our intellectual property. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put our patent, as
well as any patents that may issue in the future from our pending patent applications, at risk of being invalidated,
held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required
in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be
compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.

In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are
commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability
of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad,
even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-
grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings.
Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer
cover and protect our drug candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability
is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no
invalidating prior art of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If
a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and
perhaps all, of the patent protection on our drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material
adverse impact on our business.

We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in
countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.




68     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time
consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our drug candidates.

Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and other intellectual property
rights of third parties. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent applications belonging to
third parties that exist in fields in which we are developing our drug candidates. There may also be third-party
patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we operate,
additional patents are likely to issue that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation
and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents
are issued, the risk increases that our drug candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of
others.

Third parties may assert that we are using technology in violation of their patent or other proprietary rights. Defense
of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and divert our technical
personnel, management personnel, or both from their normal responsibilities. Even in the absence of litigation, we
may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license is available, it could
impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.

If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may
be subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing
one or more of our drug candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial
litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a
successful claim against us of infringement or misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may
have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement,
pay royalties or redesign our infringing drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial time and
cost. In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation, or even in the absence of litigation, we may need to
obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our drug candidates. Any
such license might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. In the event that we are unable to obtain such
a license, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our drug candidates, which
could harm our business significantly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent
infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay
royalties and other fees that could significantly harm our business.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            69
RISK FACTORS


We are aware of U.S. patents with claims covering certain antibodies that are relevant to tislelizumab for which
patents are expected to expire in 2023 or 2024; complexes of irreversible BTK inhibitors that are relevant to
zanubrutinib for which the patent is expected to expire in 2027; and the use of PARP inhibitors to treat certain
cancers that are relevant to pamiparib for which patents are expected to expire between 2027 and 2031. We are
also aware of issued patents in Europe and China relevant to pamiparib. Although we believe that the relevant
claims of these patents would likely be held invalid, we can provide no assurance that a court or an administrative
agency would agree with our assessment. If the validity of the relevant claims of one or more of these patents were
to be upheld upon a validity challenge, and our related drug candidate was to be approved for sale in the United
States before the expiration of the relevant patents, we would need a license to commercialize the drug candidate
in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents. In addition, depending upon the circumstances,
we may need licenses for jurisdictions outside of the United States where we wish to commercialize a particular
drug candidate before the expiration of corresponding patents covering that drug candidate. In such cases, we can
provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license or licenses on commercially reasonable terms or at
all, which could materially and adversely affect our business.

Even if litigation or other proceedings are resolved in our favor, there could be public announcements of the
results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors
perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the market price of the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce
the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may
not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of
our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can
because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent
litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.


Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document
submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent
protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements.

Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent agencies in
several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies
require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during
the patent application process. Although an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee
or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights
in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent
application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and
failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In any such event, our competitors might be able to enter
the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.




70     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any drug candidates we may develop, our
business may be materially harmed.

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any drug candidates we may
develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price
Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984, or Hatch Waxman Amendments. The Hatch Waxman
Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during clinical
trials and the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent
beyond a total of 14 years from the date of drug approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims
covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However,
we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing
phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of
relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the
scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. In addition, no patent term extension system
has been established in the PRC beyond the new pilot program, and implementation of the pilot program may not
occur quickly. As a result, the patents we have in the PRC are not yet eligible to be extended for patent term lost
during clinical trials and the regulatory review process. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of
any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following
our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially
harmed.


Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our
drug candidates.

The United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation.
Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances
and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard
to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the
value of patents once obtained, if any. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the
USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our
ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There
could be similar changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights or our
other intellectual property rights.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT             71
RISK FACTORS


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade
secrets of their former employers.

In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside
scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third
parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and
consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary information,
and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally
disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is
unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor,
we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us and our
competitive position would be harmed.

Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these
employees, including each member of our senior management, executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and
non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our
employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject
to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other
proprietary information, of any such employee’s former employer. We are not aware of any threatened or pending
claims related to these matters or concerning the agreements with our senior management, but in the future
litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to
paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful
in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.

In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the
development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may
be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that
we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of such intellectual
property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may
lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel.




72     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights for our development pipeline through
acquisitions and in-licenses.

Because our programs may involve additional drug candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by
third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire and maintain licenses or other
rights to use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of
use, or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition
of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are
also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive.
These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and
greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to
required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could
suffer.


If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights
from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could
be required to pay monetary damages or could lose license rights that are important to our business.

We have entered into license agreements with third parties providing us with rights under various third-party
patents and patent applications. These license agreements impose diligence, development or commercialization
timelines and milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our
obligations under our current or future license agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these
agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any drug or drug candidate
that is covered by the licenses provided for under these agreements or we may face claims for monetary damages
or other penalties under these agreements. Such an occurrence could diminish the value of these products and our
company. Termination of the licenses provided for under these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights
under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable
terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property
or technology.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT             73
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and we must work effectively
with collaborators to develop our drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their
contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or
commercialize our drug candidates and our business could be substantially harmed.

We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage data for our
ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of our preclinical studies and
clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that
each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements
and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We,
our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators are required to comply with GCPs, which are
regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, NMPA, EMA and other comparable regulatory authorities for all of
our drugs in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with applicable
GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable
and the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials
before approving our marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with product
produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical
trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigation
and enforcement actions.

If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.

Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.




74     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Our future revenues are dependent on our ability to work effectively with collaborators to develop our drug
candidates, including to obtain regulatory approval. Our arrangements with collaborators will be critical to
successfully bringing products to market and commercializing them. We rely on collaborators in various respects,
including to undertake research and development programs and conduct clinical trials, manage or assist with the
regulatory filings and approval process and to assist with our commercialization efforts. We do not control our
collaborators; therefore, we cannot ensure that these third parties will adequately and timely perform all of their
obligations to us. If they fail to complete the remaining studies successfully, or at all, it could delay, adversely affect
or prevent regulatory approval. We cannot guarantee the satisfactory performance of any of our collaborators
and if any of our collaborators breach or terminate their agreements with us, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize the licensed product which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
cash flows and results of operations.


We expect to rely on third parties to manufacture at least a portion of our clinical and commercial drug supplies.
Our business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail
to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices.

Although we currently have a facility that may be used as our clinical-scale manufacturing and processing
facility and are building manufacturing facilities in China, we intend to at least partially rely on outside vendors to
manufacture supplies and process our drugs and drug candidates. For example, we have entered into a commercial
supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. In addition, we rely
on Celgene and its third-party manufacturers for supply of ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA® in China. Our
drug candidates have not yet been manufactured or processed on a commercial scale and we may not be able to
do so for any of our drug candidates. We have limited experience in managing the manufacturing process, and our
process may be more difficult or expensive than the approaches currently in use.

Although we intend to further develop our own manufacturing facilities, we also intend to use third parties as part
of our manufacturing process and for the clinical and commercial supply of our drugs and drug candidates. Our
anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:

•    we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
     manufacturers is limited and the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities must evaluate
     and/or approve any manufacturers as part of their regulatory oversight of our drug candidates. This evaluation
     would require new testing and cGMP-compliance inspections by FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable
     regulatory authorities;

•    our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our drug candidates, and therefore
     may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement and maintain the infrastructure and
     processes required to manufacture our drug candidates;

•    our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our drugs and drug candidates or
     produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any;




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             75
RISK FACTORS


•     manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state
      agencies in the United States to ensure strict compliance with cGMPs and other government regulations and
      by other comparable regulatory authorities for corresponding non-U.S. requirements. We do not have control
      over third-party manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and requirements;

•     we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our
      third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our drug candidates and drugs;

•     raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
      other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
      component defects; and

•     our contract manufacturers and critical drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their
      business, including inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters.

Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact commercialization of our drugs. In addition, we will rely on
third parties to perform certain specification tests on our drugs and drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If
these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm
and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our company until deficiencies are remedied.

Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business.

Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our drugs and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of
our drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing
difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our
manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual
obligations, our ability to provide our drugs for commercial sale and our drug candidates to patients in clinical trials
would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of
clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period
of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely.




76     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial
condition will be adversely affected.

Before a third party can begin commercial manufacture of our drugs and drug candidates, contract manufacturers
are subject to regulatory inspections of their manufacturing facilities, processes and quality systems. Due to
the complexity of the processes used to manufacture drug and biological products and our drug candidates,
any potential third-party manufacturer may be unable to initially pass federal, state or international regulatory
inspections in a cost-effective manner in order for us to obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates. If our
contract manufacturers do not pass their inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities, our commercial supply
of drug product or substance will be significantly delayed and may result in significant additional costs, including
the delay or denial of any marketing application for our drug candidates or disruption in sales. In addition, drug and
biological manufacturing facilities are continuously subject to inspection by regulatory authorities, before and after
drug approval, and must comply with cGMPs. Our contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties in achieving
quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel. In addition, contract
manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in accordance with applicable
regulatory requirements, or the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury, product liability
claims, product shortages, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost
overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. If a third-party manufacturer with whom we
contract is unable to comply with manufacturing regulations, we may also be subject to fines, unanticipated
compliance expenses, recall or seizure of our drugs, product liability claims, total or partial suspension of
production and/or enforcement actions, including injunctions, and criminal or civil prosecution. These possible
sanctions could materially adversely affect our financial results and financial condition.

Furthermore, changes in the manufacturing process or procedure, including a change in the location where the
product is manufactured or a change of a third-party manufacturer, could require prior review by regulatory
authorities and/or approval of the manufacturing process and procedures in accordance with applicable
requirements. This review may be costly and time consuming and could delay or prevent the launch of a product.
The new facility will also be subject to pre-approval inspection. In addition, we have to demonstrate that the product
made at the new facility is equivalent to the product made at the former facility by physical and chemical methods,
which are costly and time consuming. It is also possible that regulatory authorities may require clinical testing as a
way to prove equivalency, which would result in additional costs and delay.


We have entered into collaborations, such as with Celgene, and may form or seek collaborations or strategic
alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of
such collaborations, alliances or licensing arrangements.

We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into additional licensing
arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research, development and
commercialization efforts with respect to our drug candidates and any future drug candidates that we may develop.
Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term
expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders, or disrupt our management and business.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018     ANNUAL REPORT         77
RISK FACTORS


Our strategic collaboration with Celgene involves numerous risks. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
successfully manage and integrate Celgene’s commercial operations in China and its personnel into our business,
which could disrupt our business and harm our financial results. Moreover, we may not achieve the revenue and
cost synergies expected from our collaboration with Celgene for their commercial products in China and the joint
development of tislelizumab outside of Asia (other than Japan), and our management’s attention may be diverted
from our drug discovery and development business. These synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject
to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult
to predict and are beyond our control. If we achieve the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the
anticipated time frame. Also, the synergies from our collaboration with Celgene may be offset by costs incurred in
integrating Celgene’s commercial operations in China, increases in other expenses, operating losses or problems
in the business unrelated to our collaboration with Celgene. As a result, there can be no assurance that these
synergies will be achieved. Lastly, strategic collaborations can be terminated for various reasons. For example, in
January 2019, Celgene announced that it was expected to be acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in the
third quarter of 2019. As a result of this transaction, our licensing agreement with Celgene for tislelizumab may be
terminated.

We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-
consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or
other alternative arrangements for our drug candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage
of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our drug candidates as having the requisite
potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or commercial viability. If and when we collaborate with a third party for
development and commercialization of a drug candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over
the future success of that drug candidate to the third party. For any drugs or drug candidates that we may seek
to in-license from third parties, we may face significant competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology
companies with greater resources or capabilities than us, and any agreement that we do enter may result in the
anticipated benefits.

Further, collaborations involving our drugs and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include
the following:

•    collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
     collaboration;

•    collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates or may elect not to
     continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in their
     strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other external factors,
     such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;

•    collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
     abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
     candidate for clinical testing;

•    collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
     indirectly with our drugs or drug candidates;




78     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


•    a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more drugs may not commit sufficient resources
     to their marketing and distribution;

•    collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
     property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
     jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;

•    disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
     development or commercialization of our drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that
     diverts management attention and resources;

•    collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
     further development or commercialization of the applicable drug candidates; and

•    collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our drugs that results from our collaborating
     with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual
     property.

As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, strategic partnerships
or the license of our third-party drugs if we are unable to successfully integrate such products with our existing
operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We
also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net
income that justifies such transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely
basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or delay
its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization
or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development
or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake development or
commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which
may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have
sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not
be able to further develop our drug candidates or bring them to market and generate product sales revenue, which
would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT                79
RISK FACTORS


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our products, our business and sales of the relevant
products could be adversely affected.

We rely on a third-party distributor to distribute Celgene’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®,
and VIDAZA®, and we expect to rely on third-party distributors for the distribution of our internally developed
drug products, if approved. Our ability to maintain and grow our business will depend on our ability to maintain
an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery of our products to the relevant markets where we
generate market demand through our sales and marketing activities. However, we have relatively limited control
over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our products in the manner we contemplate. While we have long-
standing business relationship with our distributor for the in-licensed products from Celgene, the agreement we
entered into with our distributor can be terminated by both parties upon six months’ written notice. If PRC price
controls or other factors substantially reduce the margins our distributor can obtain through the resale of our
products to hospitals, medical institutions and sub-distributors, it may terminate its relationship with us. As of
the date of this annual report, we rely on one distributor to distribute our products. While we believe alternative
distributors are readily available in China, there is a risk that, if the distribution of our drugs is interrupted, our sales
volumes and business prospects could be adversely affected.


We may be restricted from transferring our scientific data abroad.

On March 17, 2018, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Measures for the Management of
Scientific Data, or the Scientific Data Measures, which provides a broad definition of scientific data and relevant
rules for the management of scientific data. According to the Scientific Data Measures, enterprises in China must
seek governmental approval before any scientific data involving a state secret may be transferred abroad or to
foreign parties. Further, any researcher conducting research funded at least in part by the Chinese government
is required to submit relevant scientific data for management by the entity to which such researcher is affiliated
before such data may be published in any foreign academic journal. Given that the term state secret is not clearly
defined, if and to the extent our research and development of drug candidates will be subject to the Scientific
Data Measures and any subsequent laws as required by the relevant government authorities, we cannot assure
you that we can always obtain relevant approvals for sending scientific data (such as the results of our preclinical
studies or clinical trials conducted within China) abroad or to our foreign partners in China. If we are unable to
obtain necessary approvals in a timely manner, or at all, our research and development of drug candidates may
be hindered, which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and
prospects. If the relevant government authorities consider the transmission of our scientific data to be in violation of
the requirements under the Scientific Data Measures, we may be subject to fines and other administrative penalties
imposed by those government authorities.




80      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.

We are highly dependent on Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory board,
which may from time to time provide us assistance upon our request, and director; John V. Oyler, our Co-
Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors; and the other principal members of our
management and scientific teams. Although we have formal employment agreements or offer letters with each of
our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives from terminating their employment with
us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any of our executives or other employees. The
loss of the services of any of these persons could impede the achievement of our research, development and
commercialization objectives.

To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have
provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest over time. The value to employees
of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in the ADS and/or ordinary
share price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from
other companies. Although we have employment agreements or offer letters with our key employees, any of our
employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice.

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors,
to assist us in formulating our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization strategy. The
loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede the achievement
of our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to
successfully implement our business strategy.

Furthermore, replacing executive officers, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.

We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            81
RISK FACTORS


We have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties
in managing our growth.

At the beginning of 2018, we had 876 employees, and we ended the year with 2,070 employees, an increase
of approximately 136%. Most of our employees are full-time. As our research, development, manufacturing
and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must add a significant number of additional managerial,
operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Our recent growth and any future
growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including:

•    identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;

•    managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and regulatory authority review
     process for our drug candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other
     third parties; and

•    improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures.

Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our drugs and drug candidates will depend,
in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any future growth, and our management may
also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a
substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.

We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.

If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully
implement the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our drugs and drug candidates
and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company in the United States and Hong Kong,
and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing
and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable
to comply with these requirements.

As a public company in the United States and Hong Kong, we are subject to the periodic reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act and the listing rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd., or HKEx, and incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with
rules implemented by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and applicable market regulators,
and the listing rules of the HKEx. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring
certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time
to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
make some activities more time-consuming and costly.




82     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for
financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process
evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We have limited experience complying with Section 404, and such compliance may require that we incur
substantial accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies
in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify
significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner,
the market price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline if investors and others lose confidence in
the reliability of our financial statements, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other
applicable regulatory authorities and our business could be harmed.


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.

From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic partnerships, including licensing or acquiring
complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-process or
potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including:

•    increased operating expenses and cash requirements;

•    the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;

•    the issuance of our equity securities;

•    assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
     associated with integrating new personnel;

•    the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
     such a strategic merger or acquisition;

•    retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
     relationships;

•    risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
     party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals; and

•    our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
     undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.

In addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur
large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT           83
RISK FACTORS


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M&A Rules, and other recently adopted
regulations and rules with respect to mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex. For
example, the M&A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC, or the MOFCOM, be notified in advance
of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i)
any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have impact on the
national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which
holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law of PRC
and the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings, or the Prior Notification
Rules issued by the State Council, the concentration of business undertakings by way of mergers, acquisitions or
contractual arrangements that allow one market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another
market player must also be notified in advance to the State Administration of Market Regulation, or SAMR, when the
threshold is crossed and such concentration shall not be implemented without the clearance of prior notification. In
addition, the Regulations on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic
Enterprise by Foreign Investors, or the Security Review Rules, issued by the MOFCOM specify that mergers and
acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions
through which foreign investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national
security” concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting
to bypass a security review by structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or
contractual control arrangements. In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses.
Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such
transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from
the SAMR, the MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions.
It is unclear whether those complementary business we may acquire in the future would be deemed to be in an
industry that raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns. However, the MOFCOM or
other government agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that certain of the complementary
business is in an industry subject to the security review, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including
those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or
prohibited. Our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions
would as such be materially and adversely affected.




84     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA. The FCPA generally prohibits us from making
improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to
the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. As our business has expanded, the
applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.

We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of the PRC anti-corruption and other related laws. If our employees, distributors or third-party
promoters engage in corrupt or other improper conduct that results in violation of applicable anti-corruption laws
in the PRC or other jurisdictions, our reputation could be harmed. Furthermore, we could be held liable for actions
taken by our employees, distributors or third-party promoters, which could expose us to regulatory investigations
and penalties.

Our procedures and controls to monitor anti-bribery and corruption compliance may fail to protect us from reckless
or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts
or those of others, fail to comply with applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed
and we could incur criminal or civil penalties, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
prospects.


If we or our CROs or contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, fail to comply with environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on the success of our business.

We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment
and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into
operation after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the
risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use
of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our
resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          85
RISK FACTORS


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.

In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or
production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties
or other sanctions.


Our internal computer systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or
suffer security breaches.

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs and other
contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. Although
to our knowledge we have not experienced any material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event
were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our research,
development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts and our business operations.

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property,
and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems
and outsourced vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information
including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information.
Because information systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of our operating activities,
shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or vendors that provide information systems, networks, or
other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer hacking,
phishing attacks, ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters (including
extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events could have an adverse impact on us and
our business, including loss of data and damage to equipment and data. In addition, system redundancy may
be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities.
Significant events could result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of revenues.
In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any losses associated with such
events.




86        BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/
or systems. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats to our
data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, business email compromise attacks, or other
cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of
our information technology systems or those of our vendors occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness
of our security measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could be damaged. We could be
required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond to these threats or breaches
and to repair or replace information systems or networks, and could suffer financial loss or the loss of valuable
confidential information. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals
and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and other data
privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or
deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events
from occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these
systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change
and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts,
the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As we outsource more of our information
systems to vendors, engage in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely more on cloud-
based information systems, the related security risks will increase and we will need to expend additional resources
to protect our technology and information systems.


Our failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions
and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.

The regulatory framework for the collection, use, safeguarding, sharing, transfer and other processing of personal
information worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Regulatory
authorities in virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate have implemented and are considering a number of
legislative and regulatory proposals concerning personal data protection.

In the United States, we are subject to laws and regulations that address privacy, personal information protection
and data security at both the federal and state levels. Numerous laws and regulations, including security breach
notification laws, health information privacy laws, and consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use,
disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. Given the variability and evolving
state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements, and we may be
unsuccessful in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in their interpretation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT           87
RISK FACTORS


Regulatory authorities in Europe have implemented and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, or
GDPR, which became effective in May 2018, imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject
to the GDPR, such as us, including, but not limited to, requirements relating to having legal bases for processing
personal information relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the European
Economic Area (including to the United States), providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of
their personal information, keeping personal information secure, having data processing agreements with third
parties who process personal information, responding to individuals’ requests to exercise their rights in respect
of their personal information, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data
protection authority and affected individuals, and recordkeeping. The GDPR substantially increases the penalties to
which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up to 10,000,000 Euros or up to
2% of our total worldwide annual turnover for certain comparatively minor offenses, or up to 20,000,000 Euros or
up to 4% of our total worldwide annual turnover for more serious offenses. Given the new law, we face uncertainty
as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements, and we may be unsuccessful in implementing all measures
required by data protection authorities or courts in interpretation of the new law. National laws of member states of
the EU are in the process of being adapted to the requirements under the GDPR. Because the GDPR specifically
gives member states flexibility with respect to certain matters, national laws may partially deviate from the GDPR
and impose different obligations from country to country, leading to additional complexity and uncertainty.

Regulatory authorities in China have implemented and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection. For example, China’s Cyber Security Law, which became effective in
June 2017, created China’s first national-level data protection for “network operators,” which may include all
organizations in China that provide services over the internet or another information network. Numerous regulations,
guidelines and other measures are expected to be adopted under the umbrella of the Cyber Security Law. Drafts
of some of these measures have now been published, including the draft rules on cross-border transfers published
by the China Cyberspace Administration in 2017, which may, upon enactment, require security review before
transferring human health-related data out of China. In addition, certain industry-specific laws and regulations affect
the collection and transfer of personal data in China. The Interim Measures for the Administration of Human Genetic
Resources and implementation guidelines issued by the Ministry of Science and Technology, for example, require
approval from the Ministry of Science and Technology before the commencement of clinical trials where foreign
sponsors and their Chinese clinical trial sites obtain human genetic resources, or HGR, in China and additional
approval for any export or cross-border transfer of the HGR samples or associated data. It is possible that these
laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices, potentially resulting in
confiscation of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines. In addition, the interpretation and
application of data protection laws in China and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux.




88     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We expect that we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with evolving obligations
under global data protection, privacy and security laws will be sufficient. Any failure or perceived failure by us
to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in reputational damage or proceedings or actions
against us by governmental entities, individuals or others. These proceedings or actions could subject us to
significant civil or criminal penalties and negative publicity, result in the delayed or halted transfer or confiscation
of certain personal information, require us to change our business practices, increase our costs and materially
harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our current and future
relationships with customers, vendors, pharmaceutical partners and other third parties could be negatively affected
by any proceedings or actions against us or current or future data protection obligations imposed on them under
applicable law, including the GDPR. In addition, a data breach affecting personal information, including health
information, could result in significant legal and financial exposure and reputational damage that could potentially
have an adverse effect on our business.


If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, production, sales
and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.

We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, produce,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, produce, promote, sell and distribute our products may be
subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular inspections,
examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such inspections,
examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses and
certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or parties on whom we rely to obtain
any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business, there can
be no assurance that we or parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            89
RISK FACTORS


Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs
and expenses.

Our operations, and those of our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs, suppliers and other
contractors and consultants, could be subject natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which
we are predominantly self-insured. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party research institution collaborators
for conducting research and development of our drug candidates, and they may be affected by government
shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm
our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We partially rely on third-party
manufacturers to produce and process our drugs and drug candidates. Our ability to obtain supplies of our drugs
and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural
disaster or other business interruption. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate, development,
research or manufacturing facilities due to fire, natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized
entry or other events could cause us to cease or delay development or commercialization of some or all of our
drug candidates. Although we maintain property damage and business interruption insurance coverage on these
facilities, our insurance might not cover all losses under such circumstances and our business may be seriously
harmed by such delays and interruption.


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our drugs in China and the
clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug candidates globally. For example, we may be sued
if our drugs or drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable
during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations
of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the drug, negligence, strict
liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If
we cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain indemnification from our collaborators for product
liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our drugs and drug
candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless
of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: decreased demand for our drugs; injury to our
reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; initiation of investigations by
regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion of management’s time and our resources; substantial
monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional
restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; the inability to
commercialize any drug candidate; and a decline in the ADS or ordinary share price.




90      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.


We are subject to the risks of doing business globally.

Because we operate in China and other countries outside of the United States, our business is subject to risks
associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our business and financial results in the future could be
adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a specific country’s or region’s political
and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes in laws and regulatory requirements in local
jurisdictions; difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate
intellectual property protection in certain countries; enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such
as the FCPA; trade-protection measures or disputes, import or export licensing requirements such as Export
Administration Regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Commerce and fines, penalties or
suspension or revocation of export privileges; laws and regulations on foreign investment in the United States
under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, and other agencies,
including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, or FIRRMA, adopted in August 2018; the effects
of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; and significant adverse changes in local
currency exchange rates.


We manufacture and intend to continue to manufacture ourselves at least a portion of our drug candidates and
our drugs, if approved. Delays in completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities,
or damage to, destruction of or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans
or commercialization efforts.

We currently have manufacturing facilities in Beijing and Suzhou, China and are building a biologics manufacturing
facility in Guangzhou, China. These facilities may encounter unanticipated delays and expenses due to a number of
factors, including regulatory requirements. If construction, regulatory evaluation and/or approval of our facilities are
delayed, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our drug candidates and our drugs, if approved,
which would limit our development and commercialization activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns
associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional funds from other
sources.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT             91
RISK FACTORS


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” our
manufacturing facilities will be subject to inspection in connection with new drug approvals and ongoing, periodic
inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure compliance with cGMP and
other regulatory requirements. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to such cGMP regulations or other
regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for clinical or commercial use,
may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent filing or approval of marketing
applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our drugs, if approved. We also may encounter
problems with the following:

•     achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory
      agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield and costs;

•     shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors; and

•     ongoing compliance with cGMP regulations and other requirements of the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other
      comparable regulatory agencies.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal
of approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or drugs, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.

Developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities.
Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.

To produce our drugs in the quantities that we believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand of
our drug candidates if approved, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by a significant
factor over the initial level of production. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our drugs in a
sufficient quantity to meet future demand.

In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” if
our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly or
inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted loss
of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any drugs manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials
or reduce our product sales. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facilities could result
in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. Any disruption that impedes our
ability to manufacture our drug candidates or drugs in a timely manner could materially harm our business, financial
condition and operating results.




92     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property and equipment in amounts we believe
are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to reimburse us,
for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug candidates and
drugs if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities or processes.


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.

The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification as
a result of both coordinated actions by governments and unilateral measures designed by individual countries, both
intended to tackle concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) and perceived international tax avoidance
techniques.

We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that our
rulings are different than those being discussed, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be predicted and
could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our drugs.

A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new drugs. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China regarding the
pharmaceutical industry has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe our
strategies regarding pharmaceutical research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are
aligned with the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies.
Any such change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the
successful research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or drugs in China
and reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing drugs in China.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2018   ANNUAL REPORT           93
RISK FACTORS


Chinese authorities have become increasingly vigilant in enforcing laws in the pharmaceutical industry. Any failure
by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations or obtain and maintain required
licenses and permits may result in the suspension or termination of our business activities in China. Reports of
what have come to be viewed as significant quality-control failures by Chinese vaccine manufacturers have led to
enforcement action against officials responsible for implementing national reforms favorable to innovative drugs
(such as ours). While not directly affecting us, this macro-industry event could cause state or private resources to
be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory enforcement, which could adversely
affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities and increase our compliance
cost.


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
United States or other governments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.

Due to our extensive operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects
may be influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes
in government relations between China and the United States or other governments. China’s economy differs
from the economies of developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government
involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the
PRC economy has experienced significant growth over the past four decades, growth has been uneven across
different regions and among various economic sectors of the PRC. The PRC government has implemented various
measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures
may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition
and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in
tax regulations that are currently applicable to us. In addition, in the past the PRC government implemented certain
measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause
decreased economic activity in the PRC, which may adversely affect our business and results of operation. More
generally, if the business environment in the PRC deteriorates from the perspective of domestic or international
investment, or if relations between China and the United States or other governments deteriorate, our business in
the PRC may also be adversely affected.


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations.

A large portion of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries, and are governed by PRC
laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign
investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law
system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.




94      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations
governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly
enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China has not
developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently
cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC
regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and often give the
relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, and because of the limited number of published
decisions and the nonbinding nature of such decisions, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and
regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal system is
based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at
all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and
rules until after the occurrence of the violation.

The MOFCOM published a discussion draft of the proposed Foreign Investment Law, or the 2015 Draft Foreign
Investment Law, in January 2015 and completed the solicitation of comments on this draft in February 2015. In
December 2018, the PRC National People’s Congress Standing Committee reviewed and published a revised draft
Foreign Investment Law, or the 2018 Draft Foreign Investment Law, which was further revised by the Standing
Committee of the National People’s Congress in its second review meeting held on January 29, 2019. The 2018
Draft Foreign Investment Law will replace the major existing laws and regulations governing foreign investment
in China upon its enactment. There are substantial uncertainties with respect to the enactment timetable and
the final content of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementation rules. The 2018 Draft Foreign Investment
Law requires foreign investors or applicable foreign invested entities, or FIEs, to report investment information to
government authorities. Although the 2018 Draft Foreign Investment Law does not specify the form, content, scope
and frequency of such information reporting, it provides monetary fines of up to RMB 500,000 on non-compliance
of such information reporting obligations. The PRC governmental authorities may promulgate implementation rules
after the Foreign Investment Law is enacted and further clarify the detailed information reporting requirements on
foreign investors and the applicable FIEs. In that case, our current corporate governance practices and business
operations may be materially affected and our compliance costs may increase significantly.

Additionally, the NMPA’s recent reform of the drug and approval system may face implementation challenges. The
timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates
in a timely manner.

In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in the PRC may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have
significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult
to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than
in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have
entered into and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT               95
RISK FACTORS


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-residents beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.

We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of
equity incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange
Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Share Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company,
according to which, employees, directors, supervisors and other management members participating in any share
incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing
in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register
with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, through a domestic qualified agent, which could be
a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. We also face regulatory
uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our directors and employees
under PRC law.

Some of our existing shareholders, each of whom owns our ordinary shares as a result of exercising share options,
are PRC residents under the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic
Residents’ Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles,
or SAFE Circular 37. These shareholders have undertaken to (i) apply to register with local SAFE branch or its
delegated commercial bank as soon as possible after exercising their options, and (ii) indemnify and hold harmless
us and our subsidiaries against any loss suffered arising from their failure to complete the registration. We do not
have control over such shareholders and our other beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC-
resident beneficial owners have complied with, and will in the future comply with, SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent
implementation rules.

If we or our directors, executive officers or other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the
PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted equity awards or other rights
to acquire equity fail to register the employee equity plans or their exercise of options or vesting of equity awards,
or such PRC-resident beneficial owners fails to register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner
pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, we and such employees and PRC-beneficial owners may be subject to (i) legal or
administrative sanctions imposed by the SAFE or other PRC authorities, including fines; (ii) restrictions on our cross-
border investment activities; (iii) limits on the ability of our wholly owned subsidiaries in China to distribute dividends
or the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us; and (iv) prohibitions on our ability
to inject additional capital into these subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign exchange
registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable
foreign exchange restrictions.




96     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.

We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends and other
distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur.
If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC
subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside
at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the
aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed to
us as dividends. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits
based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition,
registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the
amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, these
restricted assets totaled US$93.3 million and US$29.9 million, respectively.

Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.

In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth
quarter of 2016, China’s People’s Bank of China, or PBOC, and the SAFE promulgated a series of capital control
measures, including stricter vetting procedures for domestic companies to remit foreign currency for overseas
investments, dividends payments and shareholder loan repayments.

The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting
process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and
the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of
payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.

The Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced income
of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC resident
enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign investor’s
jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. As a
result, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries are expected to be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
10%.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            97
RISK FACTORS


Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the
Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income, or the Hong Kong
Tax Treaty, BeiGene HK, the shareholder of some of our PRC subsidiaries, may be subject to a withholding tax at
a rate of 5% on dividends received from our PRC operating subsidiaries as a Hong Kong tax resident. Pursuant
to the Hong Kong Tax Treaty, subject to certain conditions, this reduced withholding tax rate will be available for
dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient can demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the
beneficial owner of the dividends. The SAT promulgated SAT Circular 9 in February 2018, which became effective
from April 2018 and stipulates that in determining whether a non-resident enterprise has the status as a beneficial
owner, comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors listed therein and the actual circumstances
of the specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it expressly excludes an agent or a designated
payee from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” BeiGene HK currently does not hold a Hong Kong tax
resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong and there is no assurance that the reduced
withholding tax rate will be available.


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.

Under the EIT Law an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax, or EIT, purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management
bodies” as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production
and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, the Notice Regarding the
Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on
the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies, or Circular 82, specifies that certain Chinese-controlled offshore
incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws of foreign countries or territories
and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling shareholders, will be classified as
resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior management personnel and
departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii) financial and personnel
decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes of board meetings and
shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having voting rights. The State
Administration of Taxation, or the SAT, has subsequently provided further guidance on the implementation of
Circular 82.

Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of Circular 82, in the
absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in Circular 82 to evaluate
the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC.

We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any of
our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise.




98     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and
uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax
authorities determine that our Cayman Islands holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income
tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise
income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting
obligations. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs, and any
gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs, may be treated as income derived from sources
within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident enterprise ADS holders or shareholders may
be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or
shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS holders or shareholders from the transfer of
our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual
ADS holders or shareholders).


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.

Pursuant to the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax and Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident
Enterprises, or Bulletin 7, which was amended by the Announcement on Issues Relating to Withholding at Source
of Income Tax on Non-resident Enterprises issued by SAT, or Announcement 37, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC
taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may
be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have
a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise
income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax.
When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to
be taken into consideration include: whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise
derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or
indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its
subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by
their actual function and risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure;
the replicability of the transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect
transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets
of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC
establishment or place of business being transferred, and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income
tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which
is not related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income
tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or
similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived
from the sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income
tax pursuant to Bulletin 7 where such shares were acquired in a transaction through a public stock exchange. As
such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange will not be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax pursuant to Bulletin 7. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs by a non-PRC resident
enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax under Bulletin 7.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            99
RISK FACTORS


There are uncertainties as to the application of Bulletin 7. Bulletin 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be
applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are involved.
The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation, while our
PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises and PRC
subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that we and our
non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Bulletin 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal
of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.

The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based
on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under Announcement 37, or Bulletin 7, our
income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases,
the remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may then restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase
foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in
RMB, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated
in RMB to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of
our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to
limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities
or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our
subsidiaries.




100    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                            RISK FACTORS


Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local governments.
Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.

Local governments in the PRC have granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC subsidiaries
as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of
government financial incentives are determined within the sole discretion of the local government authorities and
cannot be predicted with certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have
the ability to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or
eliminate incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a project
basis and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial
incentive agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy
all relevant conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of
the continued availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of
incentives would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Government grant and subsidies recognized
in the income statement for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were US$4.4 million and US$11.3
million, respectively.

The audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC is prepared by auditors who are
not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, and, as such, investors
are deprived of the benefits of such inspection.

As an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB,
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP is required under the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by
the PCAOB. However, because we have substantial operations within the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is
currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese government authorities, our auditor
and its audit work is not currently inspected fully by the PCAOB.

Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside the PRC have at times identified deficiencies in
those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection
process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in the PRC
prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor’s audits and its quality control procedures. As a result,
investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections, and may lose confidence in our reported financial
information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT         101
RISK FACTORS


Proceedings instituted by the SEC against five PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent
registered public accounting firm, could result in our financial statements being determined to not be in
compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.

In December 2012, the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five accounting firms in China, including
our independent registered public accounting firm, alleging that they had refused to produce audit work papers
and other documents related to certain other PRC-based companies under investigation by the SEC. On January
22, 2014, an initial administrative law decision was issued, censuring these accounting firms and suspending
four of these firms from practicing before the SEC for a period of six months. The decision is neither final nor
legally effective unless and until reviewed and approved by the SEC. On February 12, 2014, four of these PRC-
based accounting firms appealed to the SEC against this decision. In February 2015, each of the four PRC-based
accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of
their ability to practice before the SEC. These firms’ ability to continue to serve all their respective clients is not
affected by the settlement. The settlement requires these firms to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide
the SEC with access to Chinese firms’ audit documents via the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the
CSRC. If these firms do not follow these procedures, the SEC could impose penalties such as suspensions, or it
could restart the administrative proceedings. The settlement did not require these firms to admit to any violation
of law and preserves these firms’ legal defenses in the event the administrative proceeding is restarted. In the
event that the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings, depending upon the final outcome, listed companies
in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of
their operations in the PRC, which could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, including possible delisting. Moreover, any negative news about the
proceedings against these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding PRC-based, U.S.-listed companies
and the market price of the ADSs and/or ordinary shares may be adversely affected.

If our independent registered public accounting firm was denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice before
the SEC and we were unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion
on our financial statements, our financial statements could be determined not to be in compliance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to deregistration from the SEC,
which would substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of the ADSs in the United States. Moreover,
any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may adversely affect investor confidence in
companies with substantial mainland China-based operations listed in the United States. All these would materially
and adversely affect the market price of the ADSs and substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of
the ADSs in the United States, and the market price of the ordinary shares may be adversely affected.




102    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our American Depositary Shares and Ordinary Shares

The trading prices of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs can be volatile, which could result in substantial losses
to you.

The trading price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs can be volatile and fluctuate widely in response to a variety
of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the performance and fluctuation of the market prices
of other companies with business operations located mainly in the PRC that have listed their securities in Hong
Kong or the United States may affect the volatility in the price of and trading volumes for our ordinary shares and/
or ADSs. Some of these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performances of these PRC
companies’ securities may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other PRC companies listed in Hong Kong
or the United States and consequently may impact the trading performance of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

In addition to market and industry factors, the price and trading volume for our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may
be highly volatile for specific business reasons, including: announcements of regulatory approval or a complete
response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in the regulatory
review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions, strategic relationships,
joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by regulatory agencies with
respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; any adverse changes to
our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical trials; the results of our efforts
to acquire or license additional drug candidates; variations in the level of expenses related to our existing drugs
and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and commercialization programs; any intellectual property
infringement actions in which we may become involved; announcements concerning our competitors or the
pharmaceutical industry in general; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing expenses and profitability;
manufacture, supply or distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations; announcements about our
results of operations that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our
policy not to give guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties,
including government statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or financial analysts; changes
in financial estimates by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true, about our business,
our competitors or our industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations of exchange rates
between the RMB, the U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions
on our outstanding ordinary shares or ADSs; sales or perceived potential sales of additional ordinary shares or
ADSs by us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders; general economic and market conditions and
overall fluctuations in the U.S. or Hong Kong equity markets; changes in accounting principles; and changes or
developments in the PRC or global regulatory environment.

In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our
ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual operating performance. Further, the current volatility in the
financial markets and related factors beyond our control may cause the ordinary share and/or ADS price to decline
rapidly and unexpectedly.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           103
RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of the U.S. capital markets and the Hong Kong capital markets are different.

The Nasdaq and HKEx have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity),
trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As
a result of these differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares and the ADSs representing them might not
be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances
peculiar to its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares. Because
of the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong equity markets, the historic market prices of our ADSs
may not be indicative of the performance of our securities (including the ordinary shares) going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.

Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to an
increased incidence of securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future.
Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other
business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market could cause the ordinary shares and/or
ADS price to fall.

Our ordinary share and/or ADS price could decline as a result of sales of a large number of the ordinary shares and/
or ADSs or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur,
also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem
appropriate.

As of February 15, 2019, 776,113,184 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
599,894,893 ordinary shares were held in the form of 46,145,761 American Depositary Shares, each representing
13 ordinary shares.

We filed a registration statement with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders, registering 299,279,370 ordinary
shares in the form of 23,021,490 ADSs to be resold by the selling shareholders identified therein and in any related
prospectus supplement from time to time. Furthermore, we have registered or plan to register the offer and sale of
all securities that we have issued and may issue in the future under our equity compensation plans, including upon
the exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share units. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is
perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could
decline. We have also granted certain registration rights with respect to the shares issued to Celgene in the event
that they are not eligible for sale under Rule 144.

In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs or other equity or debt securities
convertible into ordinary shares or ADSs in connection with a financing, acquisition, litigation settlement, employee
arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and
could cause the ordinary share and/or ADS price to decline.




104    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares and/or ADSs for return on your investment.

We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs as a source for any future dividend income.

Our board of directors has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors
decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on,
among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the
amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual and
regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on your
investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of the
ordinary shares and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that the ordinary shares and/or ADSs will appreciate in value or
even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary shares and/or ADSs. You may not realize a return on
your investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could
decline.

The trading market for the ordinary shares and ADSs relies in part on the research and reports that equity research
analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do not maintain
adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades the ordinary shares and/
or ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail
to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the
market price or trading volume for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline significantly.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          105
RISK FACTORS


We are a Cayman Islands company. Because judicial precedent regarding the rights of shareholders is more
limited under Cayman Islands law than under Hong Kong law or U.S. law, shareholders may have fewer
shareholder rights than they would have under Hong Kong law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting
your interests.

We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are
governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be further amended
from time to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands.
This common law is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as
from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on a court in the Cayman Islands. The
rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as
clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong Kong and
the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities law than Hong Kong or
the United States. In addition, some states in the United States, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and
judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands.

In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders of these
companies with the exception that the shareholders may request a copy of the current amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated articles of
association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by
our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult
for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit
proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman Islands company, we may not
have standing to initiate a derivative action in a Hong Kong or U.S. federal court. As a result, you may be limited
in your ability to protect your interests if you are harmed in a manner that would otherwise enable you to sue in
a United States federal court. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to
initiate a shareholder derivative action in Hong Kong or U.S. federal courts.

Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the United States and a substantial
portion of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or
impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the United States in
the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the United
States or otherwise. To the extent our directors and executive officers reside outside China or their assets are
located outside China, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management
inside China. Even if you are successful in bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may
render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is
no statutory recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong or China,
although the courts of the Cayman Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits.




106    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face
of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as
public shareholders of a Hong Kong company or a U.S. company.


Your voting rights as a holder of the ADSs are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for
the ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying your ADSs if you do not vote
at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect your interests.

You may exercise your voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs only in accordance
with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from you in the manner set forth
in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote your underlying ordinary shares in
accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum notice period required for
convening an annual general meeting is twenty-one calendar days and the minimum notice period required for
convening an extraordinary general meeting is fourteen calendar days. When a general meeting is convened, you
may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit you to withdraw your ordinary shares to
allow you to cast your vote with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary and its
agents may not be able to send voting instructions to you or carry out your voting instructions in a timely manner.
We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to you in a timely manner, but
you may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote your shares.
Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, you may not be able to
exercise your right to vote and you may lack recourse if your ordinary shares are not voted as you requested.

Under the deposit agreement, for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying your ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if you do not give voting instructions to the depositary,
unless:

•    we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related voting materials;

•    we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;

•    we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
     meeting; or

•    a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.

The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if you fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, you cannot
prevent the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above, and it
may make it more difficult for you to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to
this discretionary proxy.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          107
RISK FACTORS


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association include provisions that could limit the ability
of others to acquire control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage in change-of-
control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell
their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control
in a tender offer or similar transaction.

For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue preferred
shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our board of
directors authorizes the issuance of preferred shares, the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall
and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely
affected.

Furthermore, the amended and restated articles of association permit the directors to vary all or any of the rights
attaching to any class of shares in issue without the consent of the shareholder but only if such variation is
considered by the directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such holder. The directors cannot vary the
rights of shares if such variation would have a material adverse effect of the holder. The amended and restated
articles of association provide that the holders must consent to any such material adverse changes in the manner
set out therein.

Because our directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each, shareholders can
only elect or remove a limited number of our directors in any given year. The length of these terms could present
an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control, which could be in the interest of our
shareholders.




108     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association designate courts in the Cayman Islands
as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our
shareholders, which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us
or our directors, officers or other employees.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of Cayman Islands will be the sole and exclusive forum for any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any director, officer or other employee of us to us or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time, or the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or any action asserting a claim governed by the
internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the U.S. laws). This provision may limit a shareholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more
of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
matters in other jurisdictions.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any shareholder bringing an
unsuccessful action against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection
with such unsuccessful action.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under certain circumstances
the fees, costs, and expenses that we incur in connection with actions or proceedings brought by any person or
entity, which we refer to as claiming parties, may be shifted to such person or entity. If a claiming party asserts
any claim; initiates any proceeding; or joins, offers substantial assistance to, or has a direct financial interest in any
claim or proceeding against us, and such claiming party or the third party that received substantial assistance from
the claiming party or in whole claim the claiming party had a direct financial interest is unsuccessful in obtaining
a judgment on the merits in which the claiming party prevails, then such claiming party shall (to the fullest extent
permitted by law) be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to all
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses, that we may incur in connection with such claim or
proceeding.

Fee-shifting articles are relatively new and untested in the Cayman Islands, the United States and Hong Kong.
The case law and potential legislative action on fee-shifting articles are evolving and there exists considerable
uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative responses to, such articles. The application
of our fee-shifting article in connection with claims under the Cayman Islands, the United States or Hong Kong
securities laws, if any, will depend in part on future developments of the law. We cannot assure you that we will or
will not invoke our fee-shifting article in any particular dispute. Consistent with our directors’ fiduciary duties to act
in the best interests of the Company, the directors may in their sole discretion from time to time decide whether
or not to enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the law related to fee-shifting articles, such
as ours, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with respect to such articles,
which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT           109
RISK FACTORS


If a shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment sought, the attorneys’
fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party are potentially significant. This fee-
shifting article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or former shareholders (and their attorneys) from
initiating lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required
by potential plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent our shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from
representing our shareholders at all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the
management and direction of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.


Holders of the ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.

Your ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may
refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of your ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary
are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law,
government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, as amended, or for any other
reason, subject to your right to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares. Temporary delays in
the cancellation of your ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying common shares may arise because the depositary
has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books, the transfer of ordinary shares is blocked to
permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.

In addition, you may not be able to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares when you owe
money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with
any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or other deposited
securities.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees.

The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions
of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The
Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable
beneficial owner in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.




110     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Holders of the ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available to you.

The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to pay you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian
for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses.
You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that your ADSs represent.
However, the depositary is not responsible for making such payments or distributions if it is unlawful or impractical
to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to
a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, but that are not properly registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable exemption from
registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if any
government approval or registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made
by the depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary
shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that you may not receive the distributions we
make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you.
These restrictions may materially reduce the value of your ADSs.


Holders of the ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their
holdings.

From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the price
of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs and deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your ordinary
shares and/or ADSs.

Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 52.6% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 15, 2019. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares and/or
ADSs. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition, these persons
could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          111
RISK FACTORS


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.

A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company,” (or a “PFIC”) for any taxable
year if either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of
the average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the current and expected composition of our income and assets, we do not presently expect to be a
PFIC for the current taxable year. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect
to each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, and the value of
our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares,
which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we may be a PFIC in any taxable year. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years. Further, U.S. investors should be aware that we determined we were a
PFIC for 2016.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased United States income tax on gain recognized on the
sale or other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or
ADSs to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the United States federal income
tax rules. In addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.

Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we will generally continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.




112    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.

Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation,” or a CFC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income
for U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income”
and investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each
Ten Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,”
which is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for
U.S federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which
is not entirely certain. Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in
the future. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the
consequences thereof.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT          113
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                     For the year ended December 31,
                                                       2014             2015              2016             2017             2018
                                                  USD’000           USD’000          USD’000           USD’000          USD’000

Operating results
Product revenue, net                                      —                —                 —           24,428          130,885
Collaboration revenue                                13,035             8,816            1,070          213,959           67,335
Total revenues                                       13,035             8,816            1,070          238,387          198,220
Gross profit                                         13,035             8,816            1,070          233,413          169,515
Loss before income tax expense                       18,546           57,102          119,163            91,064          689,829
Net Loss                                             18,546           57,102          119,217            93,299          674,033
Adjusted net loss (1)                                11,909           46,891          108,592            50,436          586,906
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.               18,278           57,102          119,217            93,105          673,769
Profitability
Gross margin (%)                                      100%             100%              100%              98%               86%
Net profit margin (%)                                -142%            -648%          -11142%              -39%            -340%
Adjusted net profit margin (%) (1)                    -91%            -532%          -10149%              -21%            -296%

                                                                     For the year ended December 31,
                                                       2014             2015              2016             2017             2018
                                                  USD’000           USD’000          USD’000           USD’000          USD’000

Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents,
      and restricted cash                            13,898           17,869            87,514          239,602          740,713
Short-term investments                               30,497           82,617          280,660           597,914        1,068,509
Working capital                                      33,817           71,097          339,341           763,509        1,697,390
Total assets                                         53,621          116,764          405,813        1,046,479         2,249,684
Total liabilities                                    27,853           42,445            52,906          362,248          496,037
Preferred shares                                     78,809          176,084                 —                —                —
Noncontrolling interest                                   —                —                 —           14,422           14,445
Total equity (deficit)                              (53,041)        (101,765)         352,907           684,231        1,753,647

(1)      The share-based compensation expenses were excluded.

(2)      Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
         were filed with SEC. The reconciliation to consolidated financial statements disclosed in the accountants’ report in HK IPO
         Prospectus are set out in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.




114        BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OVERVIEW

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative
molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for the treatment of cancer. Our internally-developed lead drug
candidates are currently in late-stage clinical trials. These candidates are (1) zanubrutinib (BGB-3111), a potentially
best-in-class investigational small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK), (2) tislelizumab (BGB-A317),
an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor programmed cell
death protein 1 (PD-1), and (3) pamiparib (BGB-290), an investigational small molecule inhibitor of the poly ADP-
ribose polymearase 1 (PARP1) and PARP2 enzymes, or together, our Core Product Candidates. All three of these
drug candidates are currently in Phase 2 or 3 pivotal trials globally and/or in China, and we filed for regulatory
approvals in China in 2018 for zanubrutinib in relapsed/refractory (R/R) mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) and in R/R
chronic lymphocytic leukemia or R/R small lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL/SLL); and for tislelizumab in R/R classical
Hodgkin’s Lymphoma (cHL). We also have additional drug candidates in earlier stage clinical development.

We started as a research and development company in Beijing in 2010, focusing on developing best-in-class
oncology drugs. Over the last nine years, we have developed into a fully-integrated global biotechnology company
with operations in China, the United States, Europe and Australia, including a more than 800-person global clinical
development team running 50 ongoing or planned clinical trials as of January 24, 2019. We also have a growing
commercial team that is selling our existing in-licensed drugs in China and preparing for launches of our internally-
developed drug candidates in China and the United States, as well as internal manufacturing capabilities in China
that are operational or under construction for the clinical and commercial supply of our small molecule and biologic
drug candidates.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          115
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

On March 6, 2019, we announced a global research and development collaboration with Ambrx Inc. Pursuant to
the collaboration, Ambrx Inc. will receive an upfront payment of US$10 million to fund the initial discovery and
research activities and additional upfront payments of up to US$19 million if we elect to initiate additional programs.
Ambrx Inc. is eligible to receive potential development, regulatory, and sales-based milestone payments up to an
aggregate of US$446 million for all programs, in addition to tiered royalties on future global sales. We will have
worldwide rights to develop and commercialize any drug products resulting from the collaboration.

On January 14, 2019, we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Breakthrough
Therapy designation for our investigational Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor, zanubrutinib, for the treatment
of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy.


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK

Our mission is to become a global leader in the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative
therapies. In the near term, we plan to focus on pursuing what we believe are the following significant opportunities:

•     Globally Develop and Commercialize Zanubrutinib, a Potentially Best-in-Class BTK Inhibitor. Zanubrutinib
      is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK that is currently being evaluated both as a monotherapy
      and in combination with other therapies to treat various lymphomas. Our clinical experience to date suggests
      a potentially best-in-class profile. To pursue this opportunity, we are conducting a broad pivotal clinical
      program globally and in China. We have submitted for approval in China for two indications based on single-
      arm Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with R/R CLL/SLL and R/R MCL. Both applications have been accepted
      and are being reviewed under priority review status. In addition, we are conducting three global Phase 3 trials:
      head-to-head against ibrutinib, an approved BTK inhibitor, for patients with Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia
      (WM); against bendamustine plus rituximab for patients with treatment naïve (TN), CLL/SLL; and head-to-
      head against ibrutinib for patients with R/R CLL/SLL. Further, we are conducting a global pivotal Phase 2
      trial in combination with obinutuzumab in follicular lymphoma (FL), a pivotal Phase 2 trial in China in WM,
      and we have recently begun a global study in R/R marginal zone lymphoma (MZL). Subject to the successful
      completion and satisfactory results of these trials, we expect to submit for approval of zanubrutinib in the
      United States in 2019 or early 2020, where it has been granted Fast Track status for patients with WM and
      Breakthrough Therapy designation for patients with R/R MCL. We also plan to file a new drug application (NDA)
      in China for patients with WM.




116    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Develop and Commercialize Our Investigational Checkpoint Inhibitor, Tislelizumab, in a Rapidly and
    Favorably Evolving China Market and Other Markets. We believe that there is a large and growing
    opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China and that the market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1 antibody
    therapies may be especially attractive, as this class of agents has demonstrated anti-tumor activity in all four
    of the most common tumors in China: lung cancer, gastric cancer (GC), liver cancer and esophageal cancer
    (EC). We believe that we are uniquely positioned to capture this opportunity with our strong presence and
    experience in China and our integrated global clinical development capabilities in China and other Asia-Pacific
    countries, the United States, Europe and Australia. We have submitted an NDA in China to market tislelizumab
    for the treatment of patients with R/R cHL, and the application has been accepted and is being reviewed
    under priority review status. We are currently running 11 registration or potentially registration-enabling trials
    in six tumor types and expect to commence additional global pivotal trials in 2019 and 2020. We also plan
    to submit an NDA in China for patients with urothelial bladder cancer (UBC). We have additional earlier stage
    exploratory studies ongoing, and we plan to initiate other studies.

•   Establish a Leadership Position by Further Expanding Our Capabilities. Although we believe that we have
    significant integrated capabilities in research and clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization,
    we plan to continue to strengthen and expand our operations. In particular, we plan to significantly expand our
    commercial capabilities in China in preparation for the potential launch of our drug candidates and to support
    our existing marketed drugs. We have an established commercial team in China, which provides coverage of
    large hospitals and physician clients. As a result of the improving reimbursement environment in China, which
    is expected to provide access to innovative medicines for a significantly larger number of patients, we believe
    that the scale of our commercial organization and the breadth of our market coverage will become even more
    important. We plan to invest in expanding our teams of sales and marketing, market access, medical affairs,
    compliance, manufacturing, and other supporting functions. We aim to become a leading organization in
    the commercialization of oncology drugs in China. Outside of China, we are currently building commercial
    capabilities in the hematology-oncology area in the United States. In addition, we plan to continue to invest in
    building our global clinical development capabilities, which we believe will provide a competitive advantage in
    allowing us to conduct pivotal trials to support approvals globally and in China.

•   Take Advantage of Significant Regulatory Reforms in China to Accelerate Global Drug Development.
    Historically, the regulatory environment in China has been considered highly challenging, with clinical
    development significantly delayed and regulatory approvals taking much longer than in the United States
    and Europe. To address these challenges, the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) has issued
    a series of reform policies and opinions, which, among many things, are expected to expand access to
    clinical patients and expedite development and approval by removing delays and creating an environment
    with international quality standards for drug development, manufacturing and commercialization in China.
    We expect that these regulatory reforms will allow clinical trials in China to play a major role in global drug
    development programs. We also believe that the ability to effectively operate in China and integrate trials
    conducted in China with those in the rest of the world will be of increasing strategic importance. We are
    already taking advantage of these opportunities by conducting and leading dual-purpose global/China
    registration trials.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          117
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Expand Our Product Portfolio and Pipeline Through Collaborations with Other Biopharmaceutical
      Companies to Complement Our Internal Research. We expect to further expand our portfolio of drugs
      and drug candidates, in oncology as well as potentially in other therapeutic areas, through internal research
      and external collaborations, such as our collaborations with Celgene Corporation, Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.
      (Mirati) and Zymeworks Inc. (Zymeworks) We intend to pursue collaborations with other biopharmaceutical
      companies both in China and globally by leveraging our strong clinical development capabilities globally
      and our commercial capabilities in China. We have pursued and plan to continue to pursue business
      development opportunities in which development in China is expected to contribute to, and potentially
      accelerate, the global development program. We believe that there will be increasing interest by international
      biopharmaceutical companies in seeking collaborations in Asia, particularly in oncology, because clinical
      recruitment is a major bottleneck in new drug development.


EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Our Company held an extraordinary general meeting on December 7, 2018. The purpose of the meeting was to
consider the following:

1.    Special resolution: to adopt an official Chinese company name “百濟神州有限公司” for our Company;

2.    Special resolution: to adopt the fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association the
      Company to comply with the Listing Rules as described in our circular dated November 8, 2018, or the
      Circular;

3.    Ordinary resolution: within the parameters of Rule 13.36 of the HK Listing Rules, to approve the granting of
      a share issue mandate to the Board of Directors to issue, allot or deal with unissued ordinary shares and/or
      ADSs not exceeding 20% of the total number of issued Shares of the Company as of the date of passing of
      this proposed ordinary resolution up to the next annual general meeting, subject to the conditions described
      in the Circular;

4.    Ordinary resolution: to authorize the Company and its underwriters, at their sole discretion, to allocate to
      each of Baker Bros. Advisors LP and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and parties affiliated with each
      of them, or the Existing Shareholders, up to a maximum amount of shares in order to maintain the same
      shareholding percentage of each of the Existing Shareholders (based on the then-outstanding share capital
      of the Company) before and after the allocation of the corresponding securities issued pursuant to an offering
      conducted pursuant to the general mandate set forth above for a period of five years, which period will be
      subject to an extension on a rolling basis each year, conditional on the approval of the shareholders who are
      not Existing Shareholders, subject to the conditions described in the Circular;

5.    Ordinary resolution: to approve the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan;
      and

6.    Ordinary resolution: to approve the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan.

All the resolutions set out above were duly passed by way of poll. Full text of each of the resolutions is set out in the
Circular and the poll results for the resolutions are set out in our announcement dated December 10, 2018.




118    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Revenue

To date, our revenue has consisted of product sales revenue since September 2017 and upfront license fees and
reimbursed research and development expenses from our strategic collaboration with Celgene for tislelizumab
entered in 2017 and upfront license fees and milestone payments from our collaboration agreements with Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for pamiparib and lifirafenib entered in 2013. We do not expect to generate significant
revenue from internally-developed drug candidates unless and until we successfully complete development and
obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our drug candidates, which is subject to significant uncertainty.

Revenues from product sales are recognized when there is a transfer of control from the Company to the
distributor. The Company determines transfer of control based on when the product is delivered, and title passes
to the distributor. Revenues from product sales are recognized net of variable consideration resulting from rebate
accruals and sales returns allowances. Provisions for estimated reductions to revenue are provided for in the same
period the related sales are recorded and are based on the sales terms, historical experience and trend analysis.
We expect revenue from product sales to increase in 2019 as we expand our efforts to promote and obtain
reimbursement for ABRAXANE® and REVLIMID® and launch VIDAZA® in China.

We also record revenue from our collaboration and license agreements with Celgene and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt
Germany. Under each agreement, we have received upfront payments related to the license fee which was
recognized upon the delivery of the license right. Additionally, the reimbursement of remaining undelivered research
and development services under the Celgene arrangement is recognized over the performance period of the
collaboration arrangement. In the case of the Celgene arrangement, we will also receive research and development
reimbursement revenue for the basket study trials that Celgene opts into. We consider milestone payments
variable consideration and include them in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized
is not expected to occur. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for a
description of these agreements.


Expenses


Cost of Sales

Cost of sales includes the acquisition costs of our commercial products.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT           119
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development activities,
conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials and activities related to regulatory filings. Our research and
development expenses consist of:

•     expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, contract manufacturing
      organizations, and consultants that conduct and support clinical trials and preclinical studies;

•     costs of comparator drugs in certain of our clinical trials;

•     manufacturing costs related to pre-commercial activities;

•     costs associated with preclinical activities and development activities;

•     costs associated with regulatory operations;

•     employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and share-based compensation expense for
      research and development personnel;

•     in-process research and development costs expensed as part of collaboration agreements entered into; and

•     other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance
      and other supplies used in research and development activities.

Our current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement of our internally-
developed drug candidates:

•     zanubrutinib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK;

•     tislelizumab, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1;

•     pamiparib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2;

•     lifirafenib, a novel small molecule inhibitor of both the monomer and dimer forms of BRAF;

•     BGB-A333, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-L1; and

•     BGB-A425, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3.

Research and development activities also include costs associated with in-licensed drug candidates, including:

•     sitravatinib, an investigational, spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor in clinical development by Mirati
      Therapeutics, Inc., and

•     ZW25 and ZW49, two bispecific antibody-based product candidates targeting HER2, under development by
      Zymeworks Inc.




120    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We expense research and development costs when we incur them. We record costs for certain development
activities, such as clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data
such as subject enrollment, clinical site activations or information our vendors provide to us. We expense the
manufacturing costs of our internally-developed products that are used in clinical trials as they are incurred, as
research and development expense. We do not allocate employee-related costs, depreciation, rental and other
indirect costs to specific research and development programs because these costs are deployed across multiple
product programs under research and development and, as such, are separately classified as unallocated research
and development expenses.

At this time, it is difficult to estimate or know for certain, the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that
will be necessary to complete the development of our internally-developed drug candidates. We are also unable
to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales of our internally-developed drug
candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing such drug candidates,
including the uncertainty of:

•    successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials;

•    establishing an appropriate safety profile;

•    establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;

•    receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;

•    successfully launching and commercializing our drug candidates, if and when approved, whether as
     monotherapies or in combination with our internally discovered drug candidates or third-party products;

•    obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our drug
     candidates;

•    continued acceptable safety profiles of the products following approval;

•    competition from competing products; and

•    retention of key personnel.

A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our drug candidates
would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the development of that drug candidate.

Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect research and development
costs to increase significantly for the foreseeable future as our development programs progress, as we continue
to support the clinical trials of our drug candidates as treatments for various cancers and as we move these drug
candidates into additional clinical trials, including potential pivotal trials. There are numerous factors associated with
the successful commercialization of any of our drug candidates, including future trial design and various regulatory
requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development.
Additionally, future commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control may impact our clinical development
programs and plans.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           121
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cautionary Statement required by Rule 18A.08(3) of the HK Listing Rules: We may not be able to ultimately
develop and market any of our Core Product Candidates successfully.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of product promotion costs, distribution costs,
salaries and related benefit costs, including share-based compensation for selling, general and administrative
personnel. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting,
auditing and tax services as well as other direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities,
travel costs, insurance and other supplies used in selling, general and administrative activities. We anticipate that
our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods to support planned increases in
commercialization activities with respect to ABRAXANE ® (nanoparticle albumin–bound paclitaxel), REVLIMID ®
(lenalidomide), and VIDAZA® (azaciditine) in China and the preparation for launch and potential commercialization of
our internally-developed drug candidates, if approved. We also expect selling, general and administrative expenses
to increase in future periods to support our research and development efforts, including the continuation of the
clinical trials of our drug candidates as treatments for various cancers and the initiation of clinical trials for potential
new drug candidates. These cost increases will likely be due to increased promotional costs, increased headcount,
increased share-based compensation expenses, expanded infrastructure and increased costs for insurance. We
also anticipate increased legal, compliance, accounting, insurance and investor and public relations expenses
associated with being a public company with our ADS and ordinary shares listed for trading on The NASDAQ Global
Select Market and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), respectively.


Interest Income (Expense), Net

Interest Income

Interest income consists primarily of interest generated from our cash and short-term investments in money market
funds, time deposits, U.S. treasury securities and U.S. agency securities.


Interest Expense


Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our long-term bank loan and shareholder loan.


Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income consists primarily of government grants and subsidies received that involve no conditions or
continuing performance obligations by us. Other expense consists primarily of loss from property and equipment
disposals and donations made to sponsor certain events. Other income (expense) also consists of unrealized gains
and losses related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and realized gains and losses on the sale of
investments.




122    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Comparison of the Year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                               Year Ended December 31,                       Change
                                                      2018             2017                US$                %
                                                                 (US dollars in thousands)

Product revenue, net                               130,885           24,428            106,457             436%
Collaboration revenue                               67,335          213,959            (146,624)           (69)%

Total revenues                                     198,220          238,387             (40,167)           (17)%
Expenses
Cost of sales - product                             (28,705)          (4,974)           (23,731)           477%
Research and development                          (679,005)         (269,018)          (409,987)           152%
Selling, general and administrative               (195,385)          (62,602)          (132,783)           212%
Amortization of intangible assets                      (894)            (250)              (644)           258%

Total expenses                                    (903,989)         (336,844)          (567,145)           168%

Loss from operations                              (705,769)          (98,457)          (607,312)           617%
Interest (expense) income, net                      13,947            (4,108)           18,055               NM
Other income, net                                    1,993           11,501              (9,508)           (83)%

Loss before income tax expense                    (689,829)          (91,064)          (598,765)           658%
Income tax expense                                  15,796            (2,235)           18,031               NM

Net loss                                          (674,033)          (93,299)          (580,734)           622%
Less: Net loss attributable to
  noncontrolling interest                              (264)            (194)                (70)           36%

Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.            (673,769)          (93,105)          (580,664)           624%




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT         123
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue

Total revenue decreased by US$40.2 million to US$198.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, from
US$238.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The following table summarizes our components of
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively:

                                                 Year Ended December 31,                        Changes
                                                         2018             2017               US$                 %
                                                                    (US dollars in thousands)

Product revenue                                      130,885            24,428           106,457             436%
Collaboration revenue:
License revenue                                            —           211,391          (211,391)           (100)%
Reimbursement of research and
  development costs                                    56,776                —            56,776               NM
Research and development service revenue               10,559             2,568             7,991            311%

Total collaboration revenue                            67,335          213,959          (146,624)            (69)%

Total                                                198,220           238,387            (40,167)           (17)%


Net product revenue was US$130.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, which related to sales of
ABRAXANE ®, REVLIMID ® and VIDAZA ® in China. We began recognizing product revenue with sales to our
distributors in China, beginning in September 2017 following the closing of our strategic collaboration with Celgene.
VIDAZA® was launched in China in February 2018. We had US$24.4 million product revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2017.

Collaboration revenue totaled US$67.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, and was comprised of
US$56.8 million for the reimbursement of research and development costs for the clinical trials that Celgene has
opted into, US$9.1 million related to the recognition of deferred revenue for upfront fees allocated to undelivered
research and development services to Celgene and US$1.5 million research and development services for achieving
a milestone under the collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany.

Collaboration revenue was US$214.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, of which US$213.0 million
was due to revenue recognized from the Celgene collaboration, including recognition of the upfront consideration
allocated to the license fees and recognition of deferred revenue allocated to the undelivered research and
development services.




124     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased to US$28.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 from US$5.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 2017. The full year period in 2017 was only for four months from the time the Celgene
agreement was finalized on August 31, 2017 through year end. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2018
consisted entirely of the cost of products purchased from Celgene and distributed in the PRC.


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$410.0 million, or 152.4%, to US$679.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018, from US$269.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The following table
summarizes external clinical, external non-clinical and internal research and development expense for the year
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                   Year Ended December 31,                          Changes
                                                           2018               2017              US$                  %
                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)

External cost of clinical-stage programs                291,176            131,485          159,691              121%
In-process research and
  development expense                                    89,000                  —           89,000               —%
External cost of non-clinical-stage programs             55,600              9,244           46,356              501%
Internal research and development expenses              243,229            128,289          114,940               90%

Total research and development expenses                 679,005            269,018          409,987              152%


The increase in external research and development expense was primarily attributable to the advancement of our
clinical and preclinical drug candidates, and included the following:

•    Increases of approximately US$54.2 million, US$81.0 million, US$20.0 million and US$5.0 million, respectively,
     for zanubrutinib, tislelizumab, pamiparib and sitravatinib, partially offset by a decrease of approximately
     US$0.5 million for lifirafenib. The expense increases were primarily due to the expansion of clinical trials for
     these candidates, including the initiation or continuation of pivotal trials;

•    Increase of US$89.0 million related to in-process research and development expense including US$10 million
     of our in-license of sitravatinib with Mirati for the Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand territories,
     US$60 million of upfront and milestone payments to Zymeworks, Inc., in order to obtain exclusive license to
     develop and commercialize ZW25 in the Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand territories, and
     US$19 million for the termination of the PARP collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany;
     and

•    Approximately US$46.4 million increase in external spending for our non-clinical-stage programs, primarily
     related to manufacturing costs and costs associated with advancing our preclinical candidates toward clinical
     trials.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT           125
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The increase in internal research and development expense was primarily attributable to the expansion of our
development organization and our clinical and preclinical pipeline, and included the following:

•     US$59.1 million increase of employee salary and benefits, which was primarily attributable to hiring more
      research and development personnel to support our expanding research and clinical activities;

•     US$23.8 million increase of share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount and higher share price;

•     US$1.7 million increase of materials and reagent expenses, mainly in connection with the in-house
      manufacture of drug candidates used for clinical purposes, that were previously outsourced and recorded as
      external cost;

•     US$15.1 million increase of consulting fees, which was mainly attributable to increased scientific, regulatory
      and development consulting activities, in connection with the advancement of our pipeline; and

•     US$15.2 million increase of facilities, office expense, rental fee and other expenses to support the growth of
      our organization.


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$132.8 million, or 212.1%, to US$195.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2018, from US$62.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was
primarily attributable to the following:

•     US$46.5 million increase of employee salary and benefits, which was primarily attributable to the hiring of
      more personnel to support our growing organization, including the acquired workforce in the acquisition of
      Celgene’s China operations;

•     US$20.5 million increase of share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount and higher share price;

•     US$13.3 million increase of professional fees for legal, consulting, recruiting and audit services, mainly in
      connection with our patent prosecution activities, consulting services, business development activities,
      compliance, recruiting services and the preparation of periodic reports and filings with the SEC and the Stock
      Exchange;

•     US$9.2 million increase of IT expense, which was primarily attributable to increased headcount and upgrades
      to our IT infrastructure for human resources, financial systems and compliance management, and

•     US$43.3 million increase of selling, facility, travel expenses, rental fees and other administrative expenses,
      primarily attributable to the global expansion of our business, including the post-combination operating costs
      of our commercial operations in China.




126     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Interest Income (Expense), Net

Interest income (net) increased to US$13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, from net interest expense
of US$4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in interest income was primarily attributable
to interest income on our larger cash and short-term investment balances.


Other Income, Net

Other income, net decreased by US$9.5 million to US$2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, from
US$11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in
government grants and subsidies received and recognized in 2018 and unrealized losses related to changes in
foreign currency exchange rates.


Income Tax Benefit (expense)

Income tax benefit was US$15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared with US$2.2 million of
income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2017. In the year ended December 31, 2018, the income tax
benefit was mainly attributable to research and development tax credits and stock compensation tax deductions of
our U.S. operating subsidiary, partially offset by income tax expense from our commercial operations in China.


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Accounts receivable

Accounts receivable increased by 39.5% from US$29.4 million as of December 31, 2017 to US$41.1 million as of
December 31, 2018, primarily due to the increase in sales of ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® in China.


Inventories

The inventories increased by 48.6% from US$10.9 million as of December 31, 2017 to US$16.2 million as of
December 31, 2018, primarily as a result of the increased volume of the product purchased from Celgene for
distribution in PRC.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT            127
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following as of December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)

Prepaid research and development costs                                                      58,673            21,156
Prepaid taxes                                                                               14,588             9,894
Interest receivable                                                                          3,096             1,557
Other                                                                                        5,585             3,016

Total                                                                                       81,942            35,623


Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased by 130.0% from US$35.6 million as of December 31, 2017
to US$81.9 million as of December 31, 2018. The increase was primarily due to an increase in costs related to our
ongoing clinical trials.


Property and equipment, net

The property and equipment increased by 151.0% from US$62.6 million as of December 31, 2017 to US$157.1
million as of December 31, 2018, primarily attributable to our on-going buildout of the Guangzhou manufacturing
facility.


Accounts payable

Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$113.3 million and US$69.8 million as of
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increased research and development
activities, higher external costs and activities and accounts payable related to the purchase of inventory.

The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payables as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:

                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)

Within 1 month                                                                              83,191            65,626
1 to 3 months                                                                               18,376             3,170
3 to 6 months                                                                                6,186              725
6 months to 1 year                                                                           4,931              189
Over 1 year                                                                                    599                 69

Total                                                                                     113,283             69,779




128         BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Accrued expenses and other payables

Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                               2018              2017
                                                                                        (US dollars in thousands)

Compensation related                                                                         35,887            17,051
External research and development activities related                                         34,588            18,721
Commercial activities                                                                        10,433             2,350
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                         8,030             5,088
Sales rebates and returns related                                                             4,749             3,997
Other                                                                                         6,727             2,391

Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                  100,414             49,598


Accrued expenses and other payables increased by 102.5% from US$49.6 million as of December 31, 2017 to
US$100.4 million as of December 31, 2018. The increase was primarily due to (i) hiring of more personnel to support
our expanding research and clinical activities and our growing organization; (ii) expansion of clinical trials for
drug candidates, including the initiation or continuation of pivotal trials; and (iii) global expansion of our business,
including the post-combination operating costs of our commercial operations in China.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Since inception, we have incurred annual net losses and negative cash flows from our operations. Substantially all
of our losses have resulted from the funding of our research and development programs and selling, general and
administrative expenses associated with our operations. We incurred net losses of US$674.0 million and US$93.3
million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, we had an
accumulated deficit of US$1.0 billion. Our operating activities used US$547.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2018, and provided US$12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, respectively. We have financed
our operations principally through proceeds from public and private offerings of our securities and proceeds from
our collaboration agreements with Celgene and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, and sales of ABRAXANE®,
REVLIMID® and VIDAZA® in China since September 2017. During the year ended December 31, 2018, we raised
US$1.6 billion in net proceeds from two follow-on public offerings, including an offering of our ADSs in January
2018 and an offering of our ordinary shares in August 2018 in which we listed our ordinary shares for trading on the
Stock Exchange, resulting in the dual listing of our shares in both the United States and Hong Kong.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           129
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As of December 31, 2018, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of US$1.8
billion, including approximately US$149.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held
by our joint venture, BeiGene Biologics, to build a commercial biologics facility in Guangzhou, China and to fund
research and development of biologics drug candidates in China. Restricted cash of US$27.8 million represents
secured deposits of BeiGene Guangzhou Factory held in designated bank accounts for the issuance of a letter of
credit and import duty tax and restricted cash deposits as security for a long-term bank loan.

The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017:

                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                        239,602            87,514
Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities                                     (547,717)           12,752
Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (637,613)         (356,319)
Net cash provided by financing activities                                              1,690,537           490,356
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                (4,096)           5,299

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               501,111           152,088

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                              740,713           239,602



Use of Funds

The use of cash in all periods presented resulted primarily from our net losses, adjusted for non-cash charges
and changes in components of working capital. The primary use of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments in all periods presented was to fund research and development, regulatory and other clinical trial costs,
selling costs and related supporting administrative expenses. Our prepaid expenses and other current assets,
accounts payable and accrued expense balances in all periods presented were affected by the timing of vendor
invoicing and payments.




130     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Activities

Operating activities used US$547.7 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2018, which resulted principally
from our net loss of US$674.0 million and an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities of US$17.2 million,
offset by non-cash charges of US$143.5 million. The increase in our net operating assets was primarily due to an
increase of US$46.3 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily related to prepayments to CROs
for clinical trials, an increase of US$40.2 million in other non-current assets primarily related to prepayments for
acquiring long-term assets, an increase of US$11.6 million in accounts receivable related to collections on products
sales from our collaboration with Celgene, a decrease of US$9.1 million in deferred revenue, an increase of US$5.3
million in inventories and a decrease of US$3.4 million in taxes payable, all of which had a negative impact on
operating cash flow. These cash uses were partially offset by an increase of US$74.0 million in accounts payable
and accrued expenses related to payments for external research and development costs, payroll-related costs and
selling, general and administrative expenses to support our growing business, an increase of US$17.0 million in
other long-term liabilities primary related to government subsidies, and a decrease in unbilled receivables of US$7.7
million related to the Celgene and other collaborations, all of which have a positive impact on operating cash flow.
Our non-cash charges and other adjustments to our net loss during the year ended December 31, 2018 primarily
consisted of US$87.1 million of share-based compensation expense, US$70.0 million of acquired in-process
research and development related to upfront payments in our license agreements with Mirati and Zymeworks,
US$7.8 million of non-cash interest expense and US$10.4 million of depreciation expense, offset by US$21.9 million
related to deferred tax benefits, US$8.0 million of amortization of bond discount and US$1.9 million of disposal gain
on available-for-sale securities and property and equipment.

Operating activities provided US$12.8 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2017, due to cash inflows of
US$250.0 million from upfront license fees received from Celgene, and decreases in net working capital offsetting
significantly increased total expenses, adjusted for non-cash expenses. The overall decrease in our net operating
assets was primarily due to an increase in deferred revenue of US$37.0 million related to the Celgene collaboration,
an increase of US$80.3 million due to increased accounts payable and accrued expenses related to higher external
research and development costs, increased payroll-related costs and selling, general and administrative expenses
to support our growing business, an increase in other long-term liabilities of US$31.4 million mainly related to
government grants received, offset by an increase in accounts receivable of US$29.4 million related to product
sales and collaboration with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, an increase of US$28.9 million in prepaid expenses
and other current assets, an increase of US$10.9 million in inventories and a US$29.7 million increase in other non-
current assets. Our non-cash charges during the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily consisted of US$42.9
million of share-based compensation expense, US$7.0 million of non-cash interest expense and US$4.8 million of
depreciation expense, offset by US$5.8 million related to deferred tax benefits.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT         131
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Investing Activities

Investing activities used US$637.6 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2018, which was primarily due
to purchases of investment securities of US$2.6 billion, US$70.0 million of in-process research and development
related to the license agreements with Mirati and Zymeworks, US$38.3 million of total costs related to the
acquisition of our Changping facility, and capital expenditures of US$70.3 million primarily related to our Guangzhou
and Suzhou manufacturing facilities. These cash uses were offset by sales and maturities of investment securities
of US$2.2 billion.

Investing activities used US$356.3 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2017, which was primarily due
to the purchase of investment securities of US$741.3 million, capital expenditures of US$46.4 million primarily
related to our Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities and US$12.4 million paid to acquire land use rights
in Guangzhou, China, partially offset by US$423.8 million of proceeds from sale or maturity of investment securities
and US$19.9 million of cash acquired in the acquisition of BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) from Celgene, net of
cash paid.


Financing Activities

Financing activities provided US$1.7 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2018, which was primarily
due to US$757.6 million of net proceeds from our follow-on public offering of ADSs in January 2018, US$869.7
million of net proceeds from our follow-on public offering and the initial listing of our ordinary shares on the Stock
Exchange in August 2018, US$42.3 million from a new long-term bank loan to fund our Guangzhou manufacturing
facility, and US$29.7 million from the exercise of employee share options. These sources of cash were partially
offset by a US$8.7 million repayment of a bank loan for our Suzhou manufacturing facility.

Financing activities provided US$490.4 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2017, which was
primarily due to US$188.5 million of net proceeds from our follow-on public offering, US$149.9 million in proceeds
from the sales of our ordinary shares to Celgene Switzerland, net of costs, US$132.8 million of proceeds from
the shareholder loan, US$14.5 million from the capital contribution in BeiGene Biologics by our joint venture
collaborator Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd., or GET, and US$4.6 million in proceeds from the
exercise of employee share options.


Operating Capital Requirements

We do not expect to generate significant revenue from product sales of our internally developed drug candidates
unless and until we obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize one of our current or future drug candidates.
We have exclusive rights to distribute and promote Celgene’s approved cancer therapies in China, for which we
began recognizing revenue in the third quarter of 2017. We anticipate that we will continue to generate losses
for the foreseeable future, and we expect our losses to increase as we continue the development of, and seek
regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and prepare for commercialization and begin to commercialize any
approved products. As a growing public company, we will continue to incur additional costs associated with our
operations. In addition, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses for product sales, marketing and
manufacturing of our in-licensed drug products in China and, subject to obtaining regulatory approval, our drug
candidates. Accordingly, we anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding prior to generating sufficient
cash from operations to fund our continuing operations.




132    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Based on our current operating plan, we expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments
as of December 31, 2018, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditures requirements
for at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements included in this report are issued. We
expect that our expenses will continue to increase substantially as we fund our ongoing research and clinical
development efforts, including our ongoing and planned pivotal trials for zanubrutinib, tislelizumab and pamiparib,
both in China and globally; our other ongoing and planned clinical trials; regulatory filing and registration of our
late-stage drug candidates; expansion of commercial operations in China and preparation for launch of our drug
candidates globally; business development and manufacturing activities; and working capital and other general
corporate purposes. We have based our estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use
our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with the development and commercialization of our drug candidates, we are unable to estimate the
amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures necessary to complete the development and
commercialization of our drug candidates.

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:

•    the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews and approvals;

•    the ability of our drug candidates to progress through clinical development successfully;

•    the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of nonclinical studies and clinical trials for our other programs
     and potential drug candidates;

•    the number and characteristics of the drug candidates we pursue;

•    the costs of establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or securing necessary supplies from third-
     party manufacturers;

•    the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual
     property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims;

•    the costs of establishing and expanding our commercial operations and the success of those operations;

•    the extent to which we acquire or in-license other products and technologies; and

•    our ability to maintain and establish collaboration arrangements on favorable terms, if at all.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           133
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs
through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances, licensing
arrangements, government grants and other available sources. Under SEC rules, we currently qualify as a “well-
known seasoned issuer,” which allows us to file shelf registration statements to register an unspecified amount
of securities that are effective upon filing. On May 26, 2017, we filed such a shelf registration statement with
the SEC for the issuance of an unspecified amount of ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs), preferred
shares, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such securities, either individually
or in units, from time to time at prices and on terms to be determined at the time of any such offering. This
registration statement was effective upon filing and will remain in effect for up to three years from filing. To the
extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership
interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other
preferences that adversely affect your rights as a holder of ADSs or ordinary shares. Debt financing, if available,
may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as
incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and may require the issuance of
warrants, which could potentially dilute your ownership interest. If we raise additional funds through collaboration
agreements, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable
rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or research programs or to grant licenses on terms that may
not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings, collaborations
or other sources when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development
or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or drug candidates that we would
otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.


CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS

The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of payment due date by period at
December 31, 2018:

                                                                Payments Due by Period
                                                         Less Than                                     More Than
                                               Total         1 Year      1–3 Years      3–5 Years         5 Years
                                                                (US dollars in thousands)

Contractual obligations
Operating lease commitments                  33,809          10,752         17,777            5,175           105
Debt obligations                            198,399           8,727            140          152,960        36,572
Purchase commitments                          9,747           9,747              —               —              —
Capital commitments                          45,910          45,910              —               —              —

Total                                       287,865          75,136         17,917          158,135        36,677




134     BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Lease Commitments

We lease office or manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou, People’s Republic of
China, or PRC, and office facilities in the United States in California, Massachusetts and New Jersey under non-
cancelable operating leases expiring on different dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on a
straight-line basis over the periods of the respective leases. The aggregate future minimum payments under these
non-cancelable operating leases are summarized in the table above.


Debt Obligations


Long-term Bank Loans

On September 2, 2015, BeiGene Suzhou entered into a loan agreement with Suzhou Industrial Park Biotech
Development Co., Ltd. and China Construction Bank, to borrow US$17.5 million (RMB 120 million) at a 7% fixed
annual interest rate. The loan is secured by BeiGene Suzhou’s equipment with a carrying amount of US$13.6 million
and our rights to a PRC patent on a drug candidate. US$8.7 million was repaid on September 20, 2018, and the
remaining US$8.7 million is due on September 30, 2019.

On April 4, 2018, BeiGene Guangzhou Factory entered into a nine-year loan agreement with China Construction
Bank to borrow US$84.4 million (RMB 580 million) at a floating interest rate benchmarking RMB loans interest rate
of financial institutions in PRC. The Company plans to draw down the entire available amount before December 31,
2019. The loan is secured by BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s land use right with a net carrying amount of US$11.6
million. Interest expense will be paid quarterly until the loan is fully settled. As of December 31, 2018, the Company
has drawn down US$40.7 million in aggregate principal amount of this loan. Maturity dates range from 2021 to
2027.


Shareholder Loan

On March 7, 2017, BeiGene Biologics entered into a Shareholder Loan Contract with GET, pursuant to which
GET provided a shareholder loan to BeiGene Biologics in the principal amount of RMB900 million at a fixed 8%
annual interest rate. The term of the shareholder loan is 72 months, commencing from the actual drawdown date of
April 14, 2017 and ending on April 13, 2023, unless converted earlier. On April 14, 2017, we drew down the entire
RMB900 million from GET. The maturity profile of the shareholder loan is as follows:

                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)

Analyzed into:
  Shareholder loan repayable:
    In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                148,888                  —
Above five years                                                                                —           146,271

Total                                                                                     148,888           146,271




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            135
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Purchase Obligations

As of December 31, 2018, purchase obligations amounted to US$9.7 million related to minimum purchase
requirements for finished goods inventory purchased from Celgene.


Capital Commitments

We had capital commitments amounting to US$45.9 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as
of December 31, 2018, which was primarily for BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s manufacturing facility in Guangzhou,
China.


Other Business Agreements

We enter into agreements in the normal course of business with CROs and institutions to license intellectual
property. We have not included these future payments in the table of contractual obligations above since
the contracts are cancelable at any time by us with prior written notice or the licensing fees are currently not
determinable.


Critical Accounting Policies

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our
estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our
estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.

Our most critical accounting policies are summarized below.


Revenue Recognition

Effective January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). For further information regarding the impact of adoption, see Note 2 Recent
Accounting Pronouncements.




136      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in
an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.
To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606,
the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance
obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable consideration, if any; (iv) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the
entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is
probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for the goods or services it
transfers to the customer.

Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the
contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance obligations
are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to each
performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


Product Revenue

The Company’s product revenues are generated from the sale of ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA® to its
product distributor in China. The distributor subsequently resells the products to second tier distributors who
ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients. The Company is the principal under the product
sale as the Company controls the products with the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the
remaining benefits from the products before they are sold to its first tier distributer. The Company has a single
performance obligation which is to sell the products to its first tier distributer. The Company includes variable
consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and
estimates variable consideration from sales rebates and returns using the expected value method. Revenues for
product sales are recognized at a point in time when the single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to
the first tier distributer. The Company’s payment terms are approximately 90 days. Actual amounts of consideration
ultimately received may differ from the Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable
consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will
adjust these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become
known.

Rebates, including price compensation credits, are offered to distributors, consistent with pharmaceutical industry
practices. The Company records a provision for rebates at the time of sale based on contracted rates and historical
redemption rates. Assumptions used to establish the provision include the level of distributor inventories, sales
volumes and contract pricing and estimated acceptance of government pricing or reimbursement amounts (such as
provincial acceptance of the National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in the PRC). The Company regularly reviews
the information related to these estimates and adjust the provision accordingly.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           137
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported
by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. If the historical data the
Company uses to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a change in the allowance
would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues in that period could be materially
affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return
allowance. To date, sales returns have not been significant.


Collaboration Revenue

At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within the
scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements involve joint
operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant
risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For collaboration arrangements
within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first determines which elements of
the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that are more reflective of a vendor-
customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements of collaboration arrangements that
are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method is determined and applied consistently.

In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
agreements, the Company performs the five step model under ASC 606 noted above.

The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation,
including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and development services
and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of return for any deliverable. As
part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop assumptions that require judgment to
determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the contract. In developing the
stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or
identical product, market awareness of and perception of the product, expected product life and current market
trends. In general, the consideration allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when the respective
obligation is satisfied either by delivering a good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not
constrained. Non-refundable payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are
satisfied are recorded as advances from customers.

Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the
arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from non-refundable, up-
front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee
is able to use and benefit from the license.




138    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research and Development Services: The portion of the transaction price allocated to research and development
services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue overtime as delivery or
performance of such services occurs. R&D reimbursement revenue for revenue attributable to the clinical trials that
Celgene has opted into is recognized as delivery or performance of such services occurs.

Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments, the
Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the amount to
be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue
reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestones related to
the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various phases of clinical trials. Due to the
uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are generally fully constrained at contract
inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration is fully constrained each reporting period
based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials. Upon changes to constraint associated with
the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be included in the transaction price when a significant
reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur and allocated to the separate performance obligations.
Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due
to the inherent uncertainty with the approval process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in
the period regulatory approval is obtained.

Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of
sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company recognizes
revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all
of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses represent costs associated with the collaborative arrangements, which
primarily include (1) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
and development personnel; (2) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of our technologies under
development; (3) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and supplies, product testing,
depreciation, and facility related expenses; (4) expenses for research services provided by universities and contract
laboratories, including sponsored research funding; and (5) other research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses are charged to expense as incurred when these expenditures relate to our research and
development services and have no alternative future uses.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT        139
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We have a history of
contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development
of our product candidates. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates of the actual
services performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for
instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the
related accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in
the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.

The process of estimating our research and development expenses involves reviewing open contracts and
purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf
and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not
yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears
for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some
require advanced payments. We make estimates of our expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial
statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services
performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting
expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments
to our prior estimates of research and development expenses.


Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense

The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments that
relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments, are immediately
expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they are incurred, provided that
the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would constitute a “business” as defined
under GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has
no established alternative future use. Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval
are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product.
Royalties owed on sales of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related
revenues are recognized.




140    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Share-Based Compensation


Awards Granted to Employees

We apply ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation, or ASC 718, to account for our employee share-based
payments. In accordance with ASC 718, we determine whether an award should be classified and accounted for
as a liability award or equity award. All our grants of share-based awards to employees were classified as equity
awards and are recognized in the financial statements based on their grant date fair values. We have elected to
recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards granted with
graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized at any
date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at that date. We use the
accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on performance conditions. To the extent the
required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of the share-based awards, previously recognized
compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the
time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense is
recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share-based awards that
are expected to vest. To the extent we revise these estimates in the future, the share-based payments could
be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. We, with the assistance of an
independent third-party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the share options granted to
employees using a binomial option pricing model.


Awards Granted to Non-employees

We have accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC
718, Share-based payments, and ASC 505, Equity. All transactions in which goods or services are received in
exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair
value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date of the fair
value of the equity instrument issued is the date on which the counterparty’s performance is completed as there is
no associated performance commitment. The expense is recognized in the same manner as if we had paid cash
for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments to non-
employees. We estimate the fair value of share options granted to non-employees using the same method as
employees.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT              141
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Modification of Awards

A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair value
of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, we recognize incremental
compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, we recognize over the remaining
requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized
compensation cost for the original award on the modification date. If the fair value of the modified award is lower
than the fair value of the original award immediately before modification, the minimum compensation cost we
recognize is the cost of the original award.


Significant Factors, Assumptions and Methodologies Used in Determining Fair Value

The fair value of each share option grant is estimated using the binomial option-pricing model. The model requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected share price volatility and, the share
price upon which (i.e. the exercise multiple) the employees are likely to exercise share options. The trading history
and observation period of our own share price movement has not been long enough to match the life of the share
option. Therefore, we estimate our expected share price volatility based on the historical volatility of a group of
similar companies, which are publicly-traded. When selecting these public companies on which we have based
our expected share price volatility, we selected companies with characteristics similar to us, including the invested
capital’s value, business model, development stage, risk profiles, position within the industry, and with historical
share price information sufficient to meet the contractual life of our share-based awards. We will continue to
apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own share price
becomes available. For the exercise multiple, we were not able to develop an exercise pattern as reference, thus the
exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which we believe is representative of the future exercise
pattern of the options. The risk-free interest rates for the periods within the contractual life of the option are based
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect during the period the options were granted. Expected dividend yield is
based on the fact that we have never paid, and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

The assumptions adopted to estimate the fair value of share options using the binomial option pricing model were
as follows:

                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2018              2017

Risk-free interest rate                                                               2.5% ~ 3.1%       2.2% ~ 2.6%
Expected exercise multiple                                                                 2.2 ~ 2.8         2.2 ~ 2.8
Expected volatility                                                                    60% ~ 64%        99% ~ 100%
Expected dividend yield                                                                         0%                0%
Contractual life (years)                                                                         10                10




142     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We are also required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant, and revise those estimates in subsequent periods
if actual forfeitures differ from our estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and
record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent that
actual forfeitures differ from our estimates, the difference is recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period the
estimates were revised.

These assumptions represented our best estimates, but the estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of our judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use significantly different assumptions or
estimates when valuing our share options, our share-based compensation expense could be materially different.

The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing market price of our ADSs on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant.

The following table summarizes total compensation cost recognized for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017:

                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Research and development                                                                   54,384            30,610
Selling, general and administration                                                        32,743            12,253

Total                                                                                      87,127            42,863


As of December 31, 2018, there was US$289.9 million of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense,
net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards which are expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.6 years. As of December 31, 2017, there was US$178.2 million of total unrecognized
share-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards which
are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.4 years. In future periods, our share-based
compensation expense is expected to increase as a result of recognizing our existing unrecognized share-based
compensation for awards that will vest and as we issue additional share-based awards to attract and retain our
employees.


Income Taxes

We use the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will
not be realized.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            143
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In accordance with ASU 2015-17, all deferred income tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current on the
consolidated balance sheets.

We evaluate our uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a
recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements.
We recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is “more likely than not” to be sustained
under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position assuming a review by tax authorities
having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition threshold are measured using a cumulative
probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being
realized upon settlement. It is our policy to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if
any, as a component of income tax expense.


INTEREST AND CREDIT RISK

Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash and short term investments. The carrying amounts of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short term
investments represent the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents of
US$712.9 million and US$239.6 million, restricted cash of US$27.8 million and nil, and short-term investments of
US$1.1 billion and US$597.9 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents
are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions located within or without People’s Republic of
China, or PRC. The deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial
insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits
back in full. We believe that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, and we continually monitor the
credit worthiness of these financial institutions. At December 31, 2018, our short term investments consisted
primarily of U.S. treasury securities. We believe that the U.S. treasury securities is of high credit quality and
continually monitor the credit worthiness of these institutions.

The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and maximize income
without significant increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk relates to fluctuations in the interest rates
which are affected by changes in the general level of PRC and U.S. interest rates. Given the short-term nature of
our cash equivalents, we believe that a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a
material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operation. We estimate that a hypothetical 100-basis
point change in market interest rates would impact the fair value of our investment portfolio as of December 31,
2018 by US$2.8 million.

We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments have significant risk of default or
illiquidity. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments do not contain excessive risk,
we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future investments will not be subject to adverse changes in
market value.




144    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK

We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Our functional currency is the U.S.
dollar, but a portion of our operating transactions and assets and liabilities are in other currencies, such as RMB,
Australian dollar and Euro. We do not believe that we currently have any significant direct foreign exchange risk and
have not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to such risk.

RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value of RMB against
the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic
conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. From July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a
narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. For the RMB against U.S. dollars, there
were depreciation of approximately 5.7% and appreciation of approximately 6.5% in the year ended December
31, 2018 and 2017. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the
exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.

To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for capital expenditures and working capital and other
business purposes, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount
we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business
purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount
available to us.

In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our earnings or losses.


CURRENCY CONVERTIBILITY RISK

A significant portion of our expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On January 1, 1994, the
PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the
People’s Bank of China, or PBOC. However, the unification of exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may be
readily convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take
place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates
quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions require submitting
a payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.

Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international economic
and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market.


EFFECTS OF INFLATION

Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation
has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT           145
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements,
as defined under SEC rules, such as relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, which
are often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating
financing transactions that are not required to be reflected on our balance sheets.


GEARING RATIO

The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 11.3% as of December 31, 2018, decreased from 24.2% as of December 31, 2017. The
decrease was primarily due to the increase in equity.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

As of December 31, 2018, we did not hold any significant investments in the equity interests of any other
companies.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

As of December 31, 2018, we did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

During the year ended December 31, 2018, we did not have any materials acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries
and affiliated companies.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of December 31, 2018, we had a global team of 2,070 employees, which increased from 876 full-time employees
as of December 31, 2017. Approximately 1,634 of our employees are based in China, and approximately 410
employees are based in the United States. The remaining employees are based in Australia and Switzerland.

The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash
compensation and benefits, we may issue share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted
share units, unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights
to our employees in accordance with our equity plans. We also provide external and internal training programs
to our employees. The packages were set by benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies
with similar size. The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 was
US$262.7 million (December 31, 2017: US$113.1 million).




146    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of December 31, 2018, we pledged a restricted deposit of US$27.8 million (December 31, 2017: nil) in BeiGene
Guangzhou Factory held in designated bank accounts for issuance of letter of credit, and restricted cash deposits
as security for the long-term bank loan. As of December 31, 2018, BeiGene (Suzhou)’s equipment of US$13.6
million (December 31, 2017: US$23.8 million) and BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s land use right of US$11.6 million
(December 31, 2017: nil) were secured for long-term bank loans.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of December 31, 2018, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2017: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT         147
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board of Directors, or Board, consists of nine Directors, comprising one executive Director, one non-executive
Director and seven independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about our
Directors as of April 18, 2019:

Name                              Age           Position

Mr. John V. Oyler                 51            Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                 56            Non-executive Director
Mr. Timothy Chen                  62            Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Donald W. Glazer              74            Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                44            Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana              45            Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Thomas Malley                 50            Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su            66            Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                   47            Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 51, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors.
He has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was
acquired by Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive
Officer of Galenea Corp., a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central
nervous system diseases, which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to
2002, Mr. Oyler was a Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in
2007. From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Incorporated, an oncology-
focused biopharmaceutical company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management
consultant at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
June 1990 and an MBA from Stanford University in January 1996. Mr. Oyler’s qualifications to serve on our Board of
Directors include his extensive leadership, executive, managerial, business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology
company experience, along with his years of industry experience in the development and commercialization of
pharmaceutical products.




148    BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., aged 56, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since February 2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang
has served as the founding Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and
became its Director and Investigator in 2010. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator
from 1997 to 2010 and held the position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical
Sciences at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr.
Wang founded Joyant Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the
development of small molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing Normal
University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center
in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a foreign
associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience in
cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualify him to serve as a member of
our Board of Directors.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Timothy Chen , aged 62, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 2016. Since January
2018, Mr. Chen has served as the Chairman of Foxconn Industrial Internet Company, a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange since June 2018. From January 2016 to March 2018, he served as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Asia Pacific Telecom and as the Corporate Vice President of Hon Hai Technology Group.
He served as the President of Telstra International Group and Advisor to Telstra Chief Executive Officer from
November 2012 to December 2015. He was also the Chairman of Autohome, a company listed on the NASDAQ and
a director of Qingdao Haier Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. He was a Non-Executive
Director on the board of Telstra Corporation Limited, a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
between April 2012 and November 2012. Previously, Mr. Chen was a partner of a China Opportunities Fund within
GL Capital Group. He was the Chief Executive Officer of National Basketball Association China from 2007 to
2010; the Corporate Vice President of Microsoft and the Chief Executive Officer of its Greater China Region from
2003 to 2007; and the Corporate Vice President of Motorola and the Chairman and President of Motorola (China)
Electronics from 2001 to 2003. Before Motorola, he was the Chief Executive Officer of 21CN Cybernet, a company
listed on the Stock Exchange from 2000 to 2001. Prior to 2000, Mr. Chen spent eight years in China with Motorola,
including serving as the General Manager responsible for the sales and marketing for the Greater China Cellular
Infrastructure Division. He also spent nine years with AT&T Bell Laboratories in the United States. Mr. Chen earned
an MBA Degree from the University of Chicago in August 1991 and a Master’s Degree in both computer science
and mathematics from Ohio State University in June 1982. We believe that Mr. Chen’s extensive business expertise
in Asia and globally qualify him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT       149
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Donald W. Glazer , aged 74, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 2013. Mr.
Glazer has served as a member of the Board of Trustees of GMO Trust, a mutual fund group, since 2000 and as
the Chairman of the board of GMO Trust since 2005. Mr. Glazer was a Co-Founder and Secretary, and from 2002
until 2010, Vice Chairman, of Provant, Inc., a provider of performance improvement training solutions. From 1992
to 1995 Mr. Glazer was President of Mugar/Glazer Holdings and from 1992 to 1993 served as Vice Chairman—
Finance of New England Television Corp. and WHDH-TV, Inc. From 1997 to the present, Mr. Glazer has served as
Advisory Counsel to the law firm Goodwin Procter LLP. From 1970 to 1978 Mr. Glazer was an associate and from
1978 to 1992 a partner at the law firm Ropes & Gray LLP. At Ropes & Gray, Mr. Glazer chaired the firm’s Emerging
Companies Group. Mr. Glazer was also a Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School from 1978 to 1991, teaching a
course called The Business Lawyer. In addition to Provant, Inc. and New England Television Corp., Mr. Glazer
is a former member of the boards of directors of Environics Inc.; Kronos Incorporated; Reflective Technologies,
Inc.; and Teleco Oilfield Services Inc. Mr. Glazer received his A.B. from Dartmouth College in June 1966; J.D.
from Harvard Law School in June 1969, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review; and L.L.M. from the
University of Pennsylvania Law School in May 1970. Additionally, Mr. Glazer is a co-author of both Glazer and
FitzGibbon on Legal Opinions, Third Edition (Aspen Publishers) and Massachusetts Corporation Law & Practice,
Second Edition (Aspen Publishers). We believe that Mr. Glazer’s qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors
include his extensive leadership, executive, managerial, business, and corporate legal experience.

Mr. Michael Goller, aged 44, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2015. Mr. Goller is
a Partner at Baker Bros. Advisors LP. Prior to joining Baker Bros. in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of
JPMorgan Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003.
Mr. Goller began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller
received a B.S. in Molecular and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997 and Master’s
degrees in both Biotechnology (School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton
School) from the University of Pennsylvania in May 2005. Mr. Goller serves on the boards of DBV Technologies SA,
a company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris and Levo Therapeutics, Inc. We believe that Mr. Goller
is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors based on his experience in the life sciences industry and for his
knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.

Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, aged 45, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2014. Mr.
Krishana has worked at Baker Bros. Advisors LP from 2011 to the present and currently serves as Head of
International Investments. Prior to joining Baker Bros., Mr. Krishana held a series of commercial, strategy, and
business development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across a variety of international
regions and markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was at Pfizer from 2003 to
2007 and from 2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China, where he served as a
Senior Director and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his career as a strategy
consultant at Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Brown University
in May 1995, and a Masters of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2011. We believe Mr. Krishana’s
knowledge of the healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on our Board of Directors.




150    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Thomas Malley, aged 50, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2016. Mr. Malley
has served as president of Mossrock Capital, LLC, a private investment firm, since May 2007. Mr. Malley worked
for Janus Mutual Funds in positions of increasing responsibility from April 1991 to May 2007. From January 1999
to May 2007, Mr. Malley served as the portfolio manager of the Janus Global Life Sciences Fund and also led the
Janus healthcare team of analysts. From 1991 to 1998, Mr. Malley served as an equity analyst for Janus covering,
among others, healthcare and biotechnology stocks. Mr. Malley received a B.S. in Biology from Stanford University
in June 1991. Mr. Malley has held directorships in the following listed companies: Kura Oncology, Inc., a company
listed on the NASDAQ, as a director since 2015; Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, a company listed on the NASDAQ,
as a director since 2016; OvaScience, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its merger with Millendo
Therapeutics, Inc. in December 2018, as a director from 2012 to 2017; Synageva BioPharma Corp., a Company
listed on the NASDAQ prior to its delisting in May 2015 in connection with the sale of the company, as a director
from 2006 to 2015; Puma Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ, as a director from 2011 to 2015;
and Cougar Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its delisting in July 2009 in connection
with the sale of the company, as a director from 2007 to 2009. Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Malley’s
experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, including serving on other boards of directors, and his financial and
executive experience qualify him to serve on our Board of Directors.

Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su , aged 66, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. Mr. Su retired from Yum!
Brands, Inc., a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“Yum! Brands”), in May 2016, where he served
as Vice Chairman of the Board, and was the Chairman and CEO of the company’s China division. During Mr. Su’s
26 years with Yum! Brands, its China division grew from just four restaurants to over 7,000 to become the largest
multinational restaurant chain in China, contributing more than half of Yum! Brands’ worldwide revenues in 2015.
Mr. Su started his career with Yum! Brands in 1989 as KFC International’s director of marketing for the North Pacific
region. In 1993, he became vice president of North Asia for both KFC and Pizza Hut. Mr. Su was named president
of Greater China for Tricon Global Restaurants International upon Pepsi’s spin-off of the restaurant business in
1997. Before joining Yum! Brands, Mr. Su worked with Procter & Gamble in Germany and Taiwan. Mr. Su earned
his undergraduate degree at the National Taiwan University in June 1974, an M.Sc. degree in Chemical Engineering
at Pennsylvania State University in May 1978, and an MBA at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
in May 1983. Mr. Su currently serves as a director of Li Ning Company Limited, a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2331), and of Peet’s Coffee China. We believe that Mr. Su is qualified to serve
on our Board of Directors based on his operating and management experience, expertise in marketing and brand
development, particularly in China, and expertise in strategic planning and international business development.

Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 47, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2014. Mr. Yi is a Partner
at Hillhouse Capital. He has worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse,
Mr. Yi was an Equity Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse
includes investments in the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi
received a B.S. degree in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University
of Southern California in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of
the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on our Board of Directors.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          151
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The following table provides information about members of our senior management:

Name                           Age              Position

Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.          57               General Manager of China and President of the Company
Dr. Howard Liang, Ph.D.        55               Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer
Dr. Jane Huang, M.D.           46               Chief Medical Officer, Hematology

Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., aged 57, joined our Company in April 2018 as our General Manager of China and President
of the Company. He has more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 17 years
leading China operations of multinational companies, with expertise in research and development, strategy,
commercialization and general management. Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the
Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the
Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018. Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth
to become a leading multinational pharmaceutical company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President
and Managing Director of Wyeth China and Hong Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as
the General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales and
marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu served as a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical Association
Committee (RDPAC) in China from 2008 to 2018. He also serves as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber
of Commerce of China’s National Association of Industry & Commerce. He is also a research fellow at the Research
Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem (NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China. In
addition to his duties in industry associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards, including most
recently “Person of the Year” in Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese
Healthcare Industry” and the “2017 Social Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in
Biochemistry and Pharmacology and a Diploma in Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the
University of Konstanz in Germany.

Dr. Howard Liang, Ph.D. , aged 55, has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer since July
2015. Prior to joining us, from 2005 to 2015, Dr. Liang was at Leerink Partners LLC, a leading investment bank
specializing in the healthcare industry (now SVB Leerink LLC), where he served as a Managing Director and Head of
Biotechnology Equity Research. Dr. Liang served as a Senior Biotechnology Analyst at two full-service investment
banks: A.G. Edwards Inc., from 2004 to 2005, and JMP Securities, from 2003 to 2004. From 2000 to 2003, Dr. Liang
served as an Associate Analyst at Prudential Securities, where he covered major and specialty pharmaceuticals.
Before Wall Street, from 1992 to 2000, Dr. Liang was with Abbott Laboratories, where he was a Senior Scientist
and a member of one of the pharmaceutical industry’s leading structure-based discovery teams. During his career
as a scientist, Dr. Liang authored a review and 13 papers including six in Nature, Science, and Proceedings of the
National Academy of Sciences. Dr. Liang currently serves as a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Dr. Liang received his B.S. in Chemistry from Peking University in July 1985, and
both his MBA and Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of Chicago in June 2001 and
March 1992 respectively.




152    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Jane Huang, M.D. , aged 46, joined our Company in September 2016 as our Chief Medical Officer, Hematology.
Prior to joining us, Dr. Huang served as the Vice President, Clinical Development at Acerta Pharma from April 2015
to September 2016, where she oversaw global clinical development of the BTK inhibitor, acalabrutinib. Previously,
she worked at Genentech, Inc. from 2005 to March 2015, serving most recently as Group Medical Director, where
she played a leading role in drug development programs for several molecules at all stages of development,
including venetoclax and obinutuzumab. She is also an Adjunct Clinical Assistant Professor in Oncology at Stanford
University, specializing in thoracic oncology. Dr. Huang received her Bachelor of Science degree in Biological
Sciences from Stanford University in 1994 and her M.D. from University of Washington School of Medicine in 1998.
She is board certified in hematology, oncology, and internal medicine, and she completed her residency in internal
medicine and fellowships in hematology and oncology at Stanford University.


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO LISTING

The Directors confirm that there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure
pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) (1).




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT         153
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2018.


GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange since August 8, 2018 under the stock code 06160. The Company’s American Depositary Shares
have been listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market since February 3, 2016 under the symbol “BGNE”.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing
innovative molecularly targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for the treatment of cancer. The Company’s internally-
developed lead drug candidates are currently in late-stage clinical trials, and the Company is marketing three in-
licensed drugs in China from which the Company has been generating product revenue since September 2017.

The analysis of the Group’s revenues and contribution to results are set out in Note 3 and Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this
annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on page
156 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders is included in the section
headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of this annual report. The review and discussion form part
of this Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.


SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 114 of this annual
report.




154       BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss on page 223 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the year ended December 31, 2018, we derived revenues from a product distributor in China in connection
with our product sales, from Celgene in connection with our strategic collaboration for tislelizumab entered into
in 2017, and from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in connection with our collaboration for pamiparib. During
the year ended December 31, 2018, we had only three customers. We generated 33.2% of our revenues from
upfront license fees, reimbursed research and development expenses and milestone payments from our strategic
collaboration with Celgene, 66.0% from our product distributor in China in connection with the sales of our drugs
licensed from Celgene and 0.8% from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in connection with our collaboration for
pamiparib. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we generated 89.3% of our revenues from upfront license
fees, reimbursed research and development expenses and milestone payments from our strategic collaboration
with Celgene, 10.3% from our product distributor in China in connection with the sales of our drugs licensed from
Celgene and 0.4% from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in connection with our collaboration for pamiparib.

For the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 47% and 62% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the Group
accounted for approximately 15% and 19% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments
are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
impact on the Group in all material respects.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT         155
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:

•     We depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates, which are in clinical development. If we
      are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval, manufacture and
      commercialize our drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be
      materially harmed.

•     If we are not able to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be
      able to commercialize our drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired.

•     Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance
      by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial
      success.

•     We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict
      our future performance.

•     We will need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
      financing, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our primary drug
      candidates.

•     If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our drug candidates and drugs through
      intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad,
      third parties may compete directly against us.

•     We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and we must work effectively with
      collaborators to develop and manufacture our drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry
      out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for
      or commercialize our drug candidates and our business could be substantially harmed.

•     We have entered into collaborations, such as with Celgene, and may form or seek collaborations or strategic
      alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of
      such collaborations, alliances or licensing arrangements.

•     Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
      personnel.

•     We have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience
      difficulties in managing our growth.

•     Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
      United States or other governments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
      results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.




156    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM LISTING

The net proceeds from the listing of our ordinary shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on August 8,
2018, or the Listing, amounted to approximately US$869.7 million, and the balance of unutilized net proceeds was
approximately US$654.2 million as of December 31, 2018.

The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have been and
will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2018:

                                                                                                    Actual usage    Unutilized net
                                                                                                           up to proceeds as of
                                                              Planned                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                         applications         Percentage                   2018              2018
                                                          (US dollars          of total net          (US dollars      (US dollars
Use of proceeds                                         in thousands)        proceeds (%)           in thousands)   in thousands)

Zanubrutinib                                                  282,656               32.5%                 46,318          236,338
Tislelizumab                                                  282,656               32.5%                 65,444          217,212
Pamiparib                                                       86,970              10.0%                 13,442           73,528

For core products(a)                                          652,282               75.0%               125,204           527,078
To fund continued expansion of
  our product portfolio(b)                                    130,456               15.0%                 58,259           72,197
For working capital    (c)
                                                                86,971              10.0%                 32,030           54,941

Total                                                         869,709              100.0%               215,493           654,216


Note (a):   Usage for core products include ongoing and planned clinical trials of core products, in preparation for registration
            filings of core products, and preparation for launch and, subject to regulatory approval, commercialization of core
            products in China and the United States;

Note (b):   To fund continued expansion of our product portfolio in cancer and potentially other therapeutic areas through internal
            research and external licenses and business development collaborations, including the development cost of internal
            early clinical and preclinical-stage pipeline agents and in-licensed pipeline agents;

Note (c):   For working capital, expanding internal capabilities and general corporate purposes.

The remaining balance of the net proceeds was placed in short-term deposits with banks. The Group plans to apply
the remaining net proceeds in the manner set out in the Prospectus.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2018      ANNUAL REPORT         157
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES

Our Board has adopted a dividend policy. As stated in such policy, our Company currently intends to retain all
available funds and earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of the Company’s business, and the
Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to the applicable law and
the articles of association of the Company, any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion
of the Board and may be based on a number of factors, including the Company’s future operations and earnings,
capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the
Board may deem relevant. If the Company pays dividends in the future, in order for the Company to distribute
dividends to its shareholders and holders of ADSs, the Company may rely to some extent on any dividends
distributed by its PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries to
pay dividends to it. This dividend policy reflects the Board’s current views on the Company’s financial and cash
flow position. It will continue to be reviewed from time to time, and there can be no assurance that dividends will be
paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. We currently intend
to retain all available funds and earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business and we
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. If we pay dividends in the future, in order for
us to distribute dividends to our shareholders, we will rely to some extent on any dividends distributed by our PRC
subsidiaries. Any dividend distributions from our PRC subsidiaries to us will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In
addition, regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated
distributable after-tax profits as determined in accordance with its articles of association and the accounting
standards and regulations in China.

As at December 31, 2018, the Company had distributable reserves of US$1,982.3 million (2017: US$728.0 million).

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2018
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 226 and in Note 34 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively.


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2018
are set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS

The Group had US$198.4 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2018 (2017: US$164.7 million).




158    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DONATION

During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$0.09 million
(2017: approximately US$0.04 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2018.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Except as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option and Award Schemes”, no equity-linked agreements were
entered into by the Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2018.


DIRECTORS

The Directors who held office during the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2018 and up to the date of
this annual report are:


Executive Director

Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-Executive Director

Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
Mr. Qingqing Yi




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT       159
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2020 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2021 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2019 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, the Board’s
nominees for election by the shareholders at the 2019 annual general meeting are the current Class III members:
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Dr. Xiaodong Wang and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Additionally, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su was elected
to our Board in April 2018 by our Board through the filling of a vacancy, as permitted by our Articles. Based on the
recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board nominated Jing-Shyh (Sam)
Su for election by the shareholders at the 2019 annual general meeting to serve as a Class I Director.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of the independent non-executive
Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed
“Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, receives no compensation for his service
as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board, also receives no
compensation for his service as a Director.




160    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an Independent Director Compensation Policy that is part of a total compensation package
designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high caliber independent Directors. Under the
policy, all independent Directors are paid cash compensation as set forth below:

                                                                                                   Annual Retainer
                                                                                                              (US$)

Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                   50,000
Audit Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                 22,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                     10,000
Compensation Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                 17,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                      7,500
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                 12,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                      5,000

Under our Independent Director Compensation Policy, each independent Director will be granted equity awards
valued at US$300,000 in connection with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated for the portion
of the year served leading up to the next annual general meeting of shareholders, and annual equity awards valued
at US$300,000 on the date of each annual general meeting of shareholders. Each of the awards will consist of one-
half share options and one-half restricted share units, or RSUs, vesting on the earlier of the first anniversary of
date of grant or the date of the next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of
specified events in connection with a change of control of the Company. The options will have an exercise price
equal to the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant, based on the higher of the
closing ADS price on the NASDAQ Stock Market on the date of grant and the average closing price of the five
business days prior to the date of grant, and both the options and RSUs will be granted under the 2016 Plan and
forms of award agreements thereunder. In addition, under the terms of the 2016 Plan, the value of all equity awards
and other cash compensation paid to each independent Director for their service as an independent Director may
not exceed US$1,000,000 in any calendar year. We also reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by independent directors in attending board and committee meetings.

We are currently evaluating our Independent Director Compensation Policy to potentially change the initial and
annual equity grants to independent Directors from a combination of share options and RSUs to entirely share
options in order to be consistent with customary market practice of companies listed on the Stock Exchange.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT         161
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted share ownership guidelines applicable to our non-
employee Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, to further align the interests
of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders. The equity ownership guidelines are as follows:
our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times his annual base salary; our President must
hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of our other executive officers must hold equity
worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-employee Directors must hold equity worth at
least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Covered individuals and newly appointed or elected persons have
five years to achieve the guideline. The following forms of equity count toward the ownership guideline: shares
owned outright, shares beneficially owned, shares held by an entity of which a Director is a partner, officer or
employee, shares underlying vested RSUs that are held or deferred, and 50% of unvested RSUs and vested but
unexercised “in-the-money” share options.

The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2017 and 2018 was approximately US$5.68 million and US$10.84 million, respectively. Details of
the remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 26, Note 27
and Note 28, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.

Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there
were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group,
or as compensation for loss of office.




162    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employee Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler

Mr. John V. Oyler and our Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements with
John V. Oyler on April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler
currently receives a base salary of US$675,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with our
Company’s policy. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated between us and certain of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler is
eligible for an annual cash merit bonus, with a current target level of 65% of his base salary, based on performance
as recommended by our Compensation Committee and determined by our Board of Directors. Mr. Oyler’s
employment agreements also provide for certain transportation and international travel benefits and tax equalization
payments. His employment agreements have an initial three-year term and automatically renew for additional one-
year terms unless either party provides written notice of nonrenewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment can be terminated at
will by either party. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we will pay (i) accrued but unpaid
base salary during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation time; (iii) unpaid annual bonus from
the previous calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses incurred, documented and substantiated but not yet
reimbursed (collectively, the “Final Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is terminated by us other than for
“cause” (as defined in his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his employment for “good reason” (as
defined in his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final Compensation, (ii) a lump sum equal to
the base salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as defined below), (iii) the post-termination
bonus calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of days passed through the date of
termination, (iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration of the vesting schedule of his equity grants by
20 months. The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided that if Mr. Oyler’s employment is terminated without
cause or for good reason during the initial three-year term, the Severance Period will be the greater of 20 months
or the number of the months remaining in the initial three-year term; provided further that if Mr. Oyler’s employment
terminates during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in his employment agreements),
then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides that all unvested equity awards
will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also prohibit Mr. Oyler
from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities during his employment and for 18 months after the
termination of his employment.


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang

On July 24, 2018, we entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years. Under the
consulting agreement, Dr. Wang is entitled to an annual fixed consulting fee of US$100,000 (subject to review and
adjustments by our Board of Directors from time to time) and such additional compensation, which, if any, shall be
determined in our sole discretion upon consultation with Dr. Wang.

Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2019 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT          163
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transaction”, “Related
Party Transaction” and Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report, none of
the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party
subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31, 2018.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

Pursuant to our Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of
their duty in their offices.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended December 31, 2018. The Company has
taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, no contract concerning the management
and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or existed
during the year ended December 31, 2018.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2018 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended December 31, 2018, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.




164     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As at December 31, 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning
of Part XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code were as follows:

                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                     Number of          percentage
Name of Director            Nature of interest                                  ordinary shares         of holding (1)

John V. Oyler               Beneficial owner                                       34,110,070(2)              4.40%
                            Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust              10,000,000(3)              1.29%
                            Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child               102,188   (4)
                                                                                                              0.01%
                            Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust                7,952,787(5)             1.03%
                            Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust              29,439,115    (6)
                                                                                                              3.80%
                            Settlor of a trust                                         510,941   (7)
                                                                                                              0.07%
Xiaodong Wang               Beneficial owner                                       15,994,751(8)              2.06%
                            Interest of a minor child                                  224,372   (9)
                                                                                                              0.03%
                            Interest in controlled corporation                      5,000,000  (10)
                                                                                                              0.65%
Timothy Chen                Beneficial owner                                           657,346(11)            0.08%
Donald W. Glazer            Beneficial owner                                        4,518,952  (12)
                                                                                                              0.58%
                            Interest of spouse                                          38,160(13)          0.005%
Michael Goller              Beneficial owner                                           226,724(14)            0.03%
Ranjeev Krishana            Beneficial owner                                           226,724 (15)
                                                                                                              0.03%
Thomas Malley               Beneficial owner                                        1,139,472(16)             0.15%
Jinh-Shyh (Sam) Su          Beneficial owner                                            63,290 (17)
                                                                                                              0.01%
Qingqing Yi                 Beneficial owner                                           226,724 (18)
                                                                                                              0.03%




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018     ANNUAL REPORT            165
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:

(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 774,576,070 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2018.

(2)    Includes (1) 16,270,707 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 16,689,898 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 1,149,465 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.

(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.

(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.

(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.

(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ’s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.

(8)    Includes (1) 7,306,967 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 8,286,143 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 401,641 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

(9)    These Shares are held in a Uniform Transfers to Minors Act account for Dr. Wang’s minor child, in which Dr. Wang is
       deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.

(10)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.

(11)   Includes (1) Mr. Chen’s entitlement to receive up to 648,056 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (2) Mr. Chen’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

(12)   Includes (1) 4,292,228 Shares held by Mr. Glazer; (2) Mr. Glazer’s entitlement to receive up to 217,434 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (3) Mr.
       Glazer’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.




166      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(13)   These Shares are held by Mr. Glazer’s spouse, in which Mr. Glazer is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.

(14)   Includes (1) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 217,434 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to restricted share
       units equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

(15)   Includes (1) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 217,434 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to restricted
       share units equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

(16)   Includes (1) 390,000 Shares held by Mr. Malley, (2) Mr. Malley’s entitlement to receive up to 740,182 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options and (3) Mr.
       Malley’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

(17)   Mr. Su is entitled to receive up to 63,290 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the
       conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options.

(18)   Includes (1) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 217,434 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject
       to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to restricted share units
       equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

Except as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2018, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO);
or (b) recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c)
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT             167
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at December 31, 2018, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:

                                                                                                 Number
                                                                                               of Shares/   Approximate
                                                                                               underlying    percentage
Name of Shareholder                 Capacity/Nature of interest                                   shares     of holding (1)

Julian C. Baker(2)                  Beneficial interest/Interest in controlled corporations   161,880,677          20.9%
Felix J. Baker   (2)
                                    Beneficial interest/Interest in controlled corporations   161,880,677          20.9%
Baker Bros. Advisors
  (GP) LLC. (2)                     Interest in controlled corporations                       161,745,282        20.88%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP       (2)
                                    Interest in controlled corporations                       161,745,282        20.88%
Baker Brothers Life
  Sciences Capital, L.P. (2) Beneficial interest                                              145,425,622        18.77%
Hillhouse Capital
  Management Ltd. (3)               Interest in controlled corporations                        13,445,978          1.74%
Gaoling Fund, L.P.      (3)
                                    Beneficial interest                                        58,995,800          7.62%
Hillhouse Capital
  Advisors, Ltd (3)                 Interest in controlled corporations                        63,117,389          8.15%
Fidelity Management &
  Research Company(4)               Interest in controlled corporations                        76,202,408          9.84%
FMR Co., Inc.     (4)
                                    Beneficial interest/Interest in controlled corporations    71,180,714          9.19%
FMR LLC    (4)
                                    Beneficial interest                                        78,936,136        10.19%
Fidelity Mt. Vernon
  Street Trusts (4)                 Beneficial interest                                        38,393,094          4.96%




168     BEIGENE, LTD.               •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 774,576,070 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2018.

(2)   Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
      LLC is the sole general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP, which is the investment advisor with sole voting and investment
      power to 667, L.P. and Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. For the purposes of the SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker,
      Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC and Baker Bros. Advisors LP are deemed to be interested in the 16,319,660 Shares held by
      667, L.P. and the 145,425,622 Shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. Each of Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker
      further holds 92,326 Shares, and 43,069 Shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.

(3)   (i) 58,995,800 Shares are held by Gaoling Fund, L.P.; (ii) 4,121,589 Shares are held by YHG Investment, L.P.; and (iii)
      13,445,978 Shares are held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. acts as the sole general
      partner of YHG Investment, L.P. and the sole management company of Gaoling Fund, L.P.. Hillhouse Capital Management,
      Ltd. is the Sole management company of Hillhouse Fund II, L.P., which owns Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the
      SFO, Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 58,995,800 Shares held by Gaoling Fund, L.P., the
      4,121,589 Shares held by YHG Investment, L.P. and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in
      the 13,445,978 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the SFO, Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. is deemed to be
      interested in the 13,445,978 Shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited.

(4)   Members of the Johnson family including Abigail P. Johnson, are the predominant owners, directly or through trusts, of
      series B voting common shares of FMR LLC, representing 49% of the voting power of FMR LLC. The Johnson family group
      and all other Series B shareholders have entered into a shareholders’ voting agreement under which all Series B voting
      common shares will be voted in accordance with the majority vote of Series B voting common shares.

      Fidelity Management & Research Company is interested in 76,202,408 Shares, of which 69,720,508 are physically settled
      listed derivatives. Its controlled corporations FMR Co., Inc is directly interested in 12,048,805 and indirectly interested in
      71,180,714 Shares, and Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited is directly interested in 4,694,900 Shares.

      The 38,393,094 Shares in which Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust is beneficially interested consist of 274,453 Shares directly
      held by Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust, and 36,118,641 physically settled listed derivatives.

      The 71,180,714 Shares in which FMR Co., Inc. is beneficially interested consist of 4,617,100 Shares directly held by FMR
      Co., Inc., and 66,563,614 physically settled listed derivatives.

Except as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2018, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT             169
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE OPTION AND AWARD SCHEMES


1.       2011 Option Plan

         The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015.
         The terms of the 2011 Plan are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, as our Board
         determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016 Plan
         became effective.

         As at December 31, 2018, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
         Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
         days inclusive). The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is between US$0.01 and
         US$1.85 per Share.

         Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the Prospectus.

         As at January 1, 2018, 21,550,936 shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2011
         Plan, and as at December 31, 2018, 18,359,710 shares were outstanding under the 2011 Plan. Details of the
         movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018 are as
         follows:

                                                                                                                               Number of options
                                                                                                   Outstanding                                     Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                                                          as of     Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
                                                                                        Exercise    January 1,    during the       during the          during December 31,
Name of grantee   Role                       Date of grant        Option period            price          2018        Period           Period      the Period        2018

                  Directors of the Company

Xiaodong Wang     Non-executive Director     May 20, 2011         10 years from         US$0.01         88,235           —                —               —         88,235
                                                                  the date of grant
                                             April 3, 2013        10 years from         US$0.01        879,267           —                —               —        879,267
                                                                  the date of grant
                                             June 29, 2015        10 years from         US$0.50        500,000           —                —               —        500,000
                                                                  the date of grant
Thomas Malley     Independent                January 25, 2016     10 years from         US$1.85        552,752           —                —               —        552,752
                  Non-executive Director                          the date of grant

                  Senior Management of the Company

Howard Liang      Chief Financial Officer    June 29, 2015        10 years from         US$0.50      4,900,000           —           455,000              —      4,445,000
                  and Chief                                       the date of grant
                  Strategy Officer
                  Other grantees
In aggregate                                 Between              10 years from          Between    14,630,682           —          2,485,457        250,769    11,894,456
                                             May 20, 2011 and     the date of grant      US$0.01
                                             January 31, 2016                         to US$1.85

Total                                                                                               21,550,936            –         2,940,457        250,769    18,359,710




170            BEIGENE, LTD.                •     2018          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


2.   Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan

     The 2016 Plan was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
     2018 to amend and restate the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company on
     January 14, 2016.


     Purpose

     The 2016 Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to use various equity-based incentive and other
     awards as compensation tools to motivate our workforce. These tools include share options, share
     appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, unrestricted shares, performance share awards,
     cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights.


     Eligible Participants

     Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and other key persons (including
     consultants) as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the
     2016 Plan.


     Maximum Number of Shares

     The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2016 Plan and our other
     equity plans may not exceed 10% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of December 7, 2018 and the
     aggregate number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to
     be exercised under the 2016 Plan and outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under any other
     plan of the Company at any time may not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


     Limit of Each Grantee

     Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
     issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2016 Plan and any other
     equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in
     issue at the date of any grant.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT         171
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Option Period

      Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
      option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
      option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
      such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.

      The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
      years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
      automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
      each option may be exercised.


      Exercise Price

      The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
      less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
      (ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
      preceding the date of grant.


      Consideration

      No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2016 Plan.


      Expiration of the 2016 Plan

      The 2016 Plan will expire on November 7, 2028.


      Movements in the 2016 Plan

      As at December 31, 2018, the Company has conditionally granted options to 734 participants under the 2016
      Plan. All of the options under the 2016 Plan were granted between February 8, 2016 and December 31, 2018
      (both days inclusive). The exercise price of all the options granted under the 2016 Plan is between US$0.5 and
      US$16.15 per Share.

      Further details of the 2016 Plan are set out in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.




172    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          As at January 1, 2018, 90,251,295 shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016
          Plan, and as at December 31, 2018, 82,442,867 shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
          movements of the options granted from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                                 Price on                                                               Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                                 Price on     day prior to    Exercise Outstanding       Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
Name of                                                                         day prior        exercise       (Grant) as January         during          during           during December
grantee          Role              Date of grant       Option period            to grant(1)         date(2)      price      1, 2018    the Period      the Period       the Period    31, 2018

                 Directors of the Company

John V. Oyler    Executive         November 16,        10 years from date        US$2.79              N/A      US$2.84    2,047,500           —                —               —      2,047,500
                 Director,         2016 (3)            of grant
                 Chairman and
                 Chief Executive
                 Officer
                                   September 27,       10 years from date        US$6.73              N/A      US$7.70      935,000           —                —               —        935,000
                                   2017(3)             of grant
                                   April 30, 2018(3)   10 years from date       US$13.37              N/A     US$13.04           —       996,810               —               —        996,810
                                                       of grant
                                   June 26, 2018(3)    10 years from date       US$12.70              N/A     US$12.34           —     1,310,088               —               —      1,310,088
                                                       of grant
Xiaodong Wang    Non-executive     November 16,        10 years from the date    US$2.79              N/A      US$2.84    1,613,430           —                —               —      1,613,430
                 Director          2016(3)             of grant
                                   September 27,       10 years from the date    US$6.73              N/A      US$7.70      750,000           —                —               —        750,000
                                   2017(3)             of grant
                                   June 26, 2018(3)    10 years from the date   US$12.70              N/A     US$12.34           —       655,044               —               —        655,044
                                                       of grant
Timothy Chen     Independent       February 8,         10 years from the date    US$2.61              N/A      US$2.42      460,626           —                —               —        460,626
                 Non-executive     2016(4)             of grant
                 Director
                                   June 2, 2017(5)     10 years from the date    US$2.94              N/A      US$3.15      169,988           —                —               —        169,988
                                                       of grant
                                   June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date   US$15.73              N/A     US$16.15           —        17,442               —               —         17,442
                                                       of grant
Donald W. Glazer Independent       April 19, 2017(4)   10 years from the date    US$2.84              N/A      US$2.83      199,992           —                —               —        199,992
                 Non-executive                         of grant
                 Director
                                   June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date   US$15.73              N/A     US$16.15           —        17,442               —               —         17,442
                                                       of grant
Michael Goller   Independent       April 19, 2017(4)   10 years from the date    US$2.84              N/A      US$2.83      199,992           —                —               —        199,992
                 Non-executive                         of grant
                 Director
                                   June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date   US$15.73              N/A     US$16.15           —        17,442               —               —         17,442
                                                       of grant
Ranjeev Krishana Independent       April 19, 2017(4)   10 years from the date    US$2.84              N/A      US$2.83      199,992           —                —               —        199,992
                 Non-executive                         of grant
                 Director
                                   June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date   US$15.73              N/A     US$16.15           —        17,442               —               —         17,442
                                                       of grant




                                                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.                  •        2018      ANNUAL REPORT                             173
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                                                   Price on                                                              Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                                   Price on     day prior to    Exercise Outstanding      Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
Name of                                                                           day prior        exercise       (Grant) as January        during          during           during December
grantee         Role               Date of grant         Option period            to grant(1)         date(2)      price      1, 2018   the Period      the Period       the Period    31, 2018

                Directors of the Company

Thomas Malley   Independent        June 2, 2017(5)       10 years from the date    US$2.94              N/A      US$3.15      169,988          —                —               —        169,988
                Non-executive                            of grant
                Director
                                   June 6, 2018(5)       10 years from the date   US$15.73              N/A     US$16.15           —       17,442               —               —         17,442
                                                         of grant
Jing-Shyh       Independent        April 1, 2018(4)      10 years from the date   US$12.92              N/A     US$12.72           —       63,290               —               —         63,290
  (Sam) Su      Non-executive                            of grant
                Director
Qingqing Yi     Independent        April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the date    US$2.84              N/A      US$2.83      199,992          —                —               —        199,992
                Non-executive                            of grant
                Director
                                   June 6, 2018(5)       10 years from the date   US$15.73              N/A     US$16.15           —       17,442               —               —         17,442
                                                         of grant

                Senior Management of the Company

Howard Liang    Chief Financial November 16,             10 years from the date    US$2.79              N/A      US$2.84    1,752,500          —                —               —      1,752,500
                Officer and Chief 2016(3)                of grant
                Strategy Officer
                                  June 29, 2017(3)       10 years from the date    US$3.50              N/A      US$3.45    1,250,000          —                —               —      1,250,000
                                                         of grant
                                   June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the date   US$12.70              N/A     US$12.34           —      364,208               —               —        364,208
                                                         of grant
Jane Huang      Chief medical      September 2,          10 years from the date    US$2.26        US$10.48       US$2.27    1,367,500          —            39,000              —      1,328,500
                Officer,           2016(3)               of grant
                Hematology
                                   June 27, 2017(3)      10 years from the date    US$3.50              N/A      US$3.49      980,465          —                —               —        980,465
                                                         of grant
                                   June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the date   US$12.70              N/A     US$12.34           —      310,180               —               —        310,180
                                                         of grant
Xiaobin Wu      General            April 30, 2018(6)     10 years from the date   US$13.37              N/A     US$13.04           —      766,599               —               —        766,599
                Manager,                                 of grant
                China and
                President




174           BEIGENE, LTD.                   •        2018      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                                                 Price on                                                               Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                                 Price on     day prior to    Exercise Outstanding       Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
Name of                                                                         day prior        exercise       (Grant) as January         during          during           during December
grantee        Role             Date of grant          Option period            to grant(1)         date(2)      price      1, 2018    the Period      the Period       the Period    31, 2018

               Other grantees

In aggregate                    May 3, 2016(3)         10 years from the date   US$2.09         US$12.63      US$2.05     2,376,000           —         1,831,492         544,508            —
                                                       of grant
                                July 13, 2016(3)                                US$2.27         US$11.50      US$2.29    10,765,800           —         1,015,950         372,631     9,377,219
                                July 22, 2016(3)                                US$2.13         US$11.21      US$2.10     1,657,010           —           247,559         103,830     1,305,621
                                July 22, 2016(6)                                US$2.13         US$12.21      US$2.10     3,496,945           —           474,826          55,192     2,966,927
                                July 29, 2016(3)                                US$2.11         US$11.80      US$2.02       354,094           —            87,217              —        266,877
                                August 9, 2016(3)                               US$2.04         US$10.02      US$2.10       166,000           —            39,000              —        127,000
                                August 22, 2016(3)                              US$2.28          US$9.77      US$2.24     1,599,988           —           780,000              —        819,988
                                September 12,                                   US$2.33         US$13.86      US$2.42        41,259           —            14,885              —         26,374
                                2016(3)
                                September 19,                                   US$2.51         US$13.89      US$2.38       184,813           —            16,250              —        168,563
                                2016(3)
                                September 26,                                   US$2.35         US$14.00      US$2.27        87,325           —            13,000              —         74,325
                                2016(3)
                                October 12, 2016(3)                             US$2.48         US$13.66      US$2.42       309,998           —            32,500              —        277,498
                                October 12, 2016(6)                             US$2.48         US$13.58      US$2.42        11,680           —             2,340              —          9,340
                                October 17, 2016(3)                             US$2.42             N/A       US$2.55        89,999           —                —               —         89,999
                                October 24, 2016(3)                             US$2.55          US$7.75      US$2.57        72,917           —             2,080          70,837            —
                                November 1, 2016(3)                             US$2.56         US$12.90      US$2.57       470,288           —           128,310              —        341,978
                                November 7, 2016(3)                             US$2.43             N/A       US$2.46       309,998           —                —               —        309,998
                                November 8, 2016(3)                             US$2.46         US$10.51      US$2.51       159,991           —            68,796              —         91,195
                                November 16,                                    US$2.79             N/A       US$2.84       109,993           —                —               —        109,993
                                2016 (3)
                                November 21,                                    US$2.46         US$11.26      US$2.42       789,984           —            95,979              —        694,005
                                2016(3)
                                November 28,                                    US$2.49         US$12.24      US$2.38       232,505           —            41,522              —        190,983
                                2016(3)
                                November 30,                                    US$2.43               N/A     US$2.44        15,990           —                —               —         15,990
                                2016(3)
                                December 1, 2016(3)                             US$2.44         US$12.81      US$2.37       521,248           —           144,690              —        376,558
                                December 9, 2016(3)                             US$2.07             N/A       US$2.09       119,990           —                —               —        119,990
                                December 27, 2016(3)                            US$2.31         US$10.05      US$2.28       359,996           —           179,855              —        180,141
                                January 3, 2017(3)                              US$2.34          US$8.66      US$2.39       849,966           —           191,750         416,247       241,969
                                January 5, 2017(3)                              US$2.44          US$9.62      US$2.39       834,977           —           194,883         330,096       309,998
                                January 6, 2017(3)                              US$2.39          US$8.42      US$2.37        54,990           —            13,741          41,249            —
                                January 9, 2017(3)                              US$2.37          US$9.78      US$2.43       554,996           —           117,000              —        437,996
                                January 17, 2017(3)                             US$2.51          US$9.06      US$2.53       259,987           —            62,946              —        197,041
                                January 17, 2017(6)                             US$2.51         US$10.55      US$2.53       593,554           —           169,702         137,514       286,338
                                January 23, 2017(3)                             US$2.46         US$10.95      US$2.49       319,982           —            46,800              —        273,182
                                January 30, 2017(3)                             US$2.80         US$12.09      US$2.62       190,047           —            51,246              —        138,801




                                                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.                  •        2018      ANNUAL REPORT                             175
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                     Price on                                                              Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                     Price on     day prior to    Exercise Outstanding      Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
Name of                                                             day prior        exercise       (Grant) as January        during          during           during December
grantee     Role             Date of grant          Option period   to grant(1)         date(2)      price      1, 2018   the Period      the Period       the Period    31, 2018

            Other grantees

                             February 1, 2017(3)                    US$2.68         US$13.43      US$2.77     1,231,971          —            94,991          89,999     1,046,981
                             February 6, 2017(3)                    US$2.76         US$10.05      US$2.76       279,994          —            34,996         105,001       139,997
                             February 8, 2017(3)                    US$2.67         US$10.59      US$2.78        15,990          —             6,916              —          9,074
                             February 13, 2017(3)                   US$2.77          US$9.51      US$2.77       824,993          —           175,500              —        649,493
                             February 15, 2017(3)                   US$2.89         US$12.23      US$3.11       110,500          —            18,408              —         92,092
                             February 27, 2017(3)                   US$2.97         US$12.13      US$2.93     1,500,965          —           560,807              —        940,158
                             March 6, 2017(3)                       US$3.14         US$12.12      US$3.06       324,974          —            32,799              —        292,175
                             March 13, 2017(3)                      US$3.08         US$16.42      US$3.02       314,977          —             2,288              —        312,689
                             March 20, 2017(3)                      US$3.04         US$12.25      US$3.04       404,976          —            47,983              —        356,993
                             March 27, 2017(3)                      US$2.79         US$13.12      US$2.79       650,000          —           230,165              —        419,835
                             March 30, 2017(3)                      US$2.83         US$16.42      US$2.81       384,995          —            32,500              —        352,495
                             March 31, 2017(3)                      US$2.81         US$13.93      US$2.82       139,997          —            37,908         102,089            —
                             March 31, 2017(6)                      US$2.81         US$11.37      US$2.82       691,847          —           176,995          32,292       482,560
                             April 3, 2017(3)                       US$2.82         US$11.95      US$2.82       364,988          —            58,500              —        306,488
                             April 10, 2017(3)                      US$2.86         US$12.89      US$2.91       514,982          —           103,987              —        410,995
                             April 11, 2017(3)                      US$2.91             N/A       US$2.95       149,994          —                —               —        149,994
                             April 17, 2017(3)                      US$2.92         US$12.80      US$2.95     1,194,973          —           269,022              —        925,951
                             April 24, 2017(3)                      US$2.82         US$12.48      US$2.89       184,990          —            57,057              —        127,933
                             April 26, 2017(3)                      US$3.01             N/A       US$3.09       144,989          —                —               —        144,989
                             May 1, 2017(3)                         US$3.14         US$13.08      US$3.13     1,409,964          —           273,156              —      1,136,808
                             May 2, 2017(6)                         US$3.13         US$13.56      US$3.12       591,890          —            31,291          11,960       548,639
                             May 3, 2017(3)                         US$3.12         US$13.13      US$3.12       160,976          —            54,340              —        106,636
                             May 8, 2017(3)                         US$3.02         US$12.34      US$2.98       784,976          —           194,974         199,979       390,023
                             May 10, 2017(3)                        US$2.88         US$12.72      US$2.92       144,987          —            48,594              —         96,393
                             May 15, 2017(3)                        US$2.81         US$14.47      US$2.90       470,977          —            40,560          11,674       418,743
                             May 30, 2017(3)                        US$2.88         US$13.81      US$2.88       495,378          —            86,450              —        408,928
                             June 1, 2017(6)                        US$2.83         US$13.71      US$2.94     1,792,492          —            58,890          25,064     1,708,538
                             June 12, 2017(3)                       US$2.99         US$15.22      US$3.00       174,980          —            14,885              —        160,095
                             June 14, 2017(3)                       US$3.04         US$12.69      US$3.05     3,265,961          —           223,405         342,538     2,700,018
                             June 15, 2017(6)                       US$3.05         US$12.01      US$3.04     9,981,465          —           758,290         956,475     8,266,700
                             June 21, 2017(3)                       US$3.31             N/A       US$3.45       144,989          —                —               —        144,989
                             June 23, 2017(3)                       US$3.41             N/A       US$3.45       130,000          —                —               —        130,000
                             June 26, 2017(3)                       US$3.45             N/A       US$3.50        99,996          —                —               —         99,996
                             June 27, 2017(3)                       US$3.50         US$12.08      US$3.49     7,744,070          —           496,496         845,832     6,401,742
                             June 29, 2017(3)                       US$3.50         US$12.22      US$3.45       262,600          —            29,848           8,125       224,627
                             July 6, 2017(3)                        US$4.02             N/A       US$5.10       109,993          —                —               —        109,993
                             July 10, 2017(3)                       US$5.40         US$10.41      US$5.45       349,973          —             3,120              —        346,853
                             July 17, 2017(3)                       US$5.67         US$12.82      US$4.19       279,994          —            32,500              —        247,494
                             July 17, 2017(6)                       US$5.67         US$13.57      US$4.19     1,337,648          —           144,248          67,327     1,126,073
                             July 24, 2017(3)                       US$5.95         US$13.32      US$5.65        11,999          —             2,990              —          9,009
                             July 31, 2017(3)                       US$5.58             N/A       US$5.42       294,996          —                —               —        294,996
                             July 31, 2017(6)                       US$5.58         US$12.82      US$5.42     1,060,033          —            77,571          11,934       970,528
                             August 1, 2017(3)                      US$5.42             N/A       US$5.58     1,300,000          —                —               —      1,300,000




176       BEIGENE, LTD.                •         2018       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                      Number of options
                                                                                   Price on                                                               Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                   Price on     day prior to    Exercise Outstanding       Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
Name of                                                           day prior        exercise       (Grant) as January         during          during           during December
grantee   Role             Date of grant          Option period   to grant(1)         date(2)      price      1, 2018    the Period      the Period       the Period    31, 2018

          Other grantees

                           August 2, 2017(6)                       US$5.58        US$11.23       US$5.45      199,992           —            19,799              —        180,193
                           August 3, 2017(3)                       US$5.45            N/A        US$5.51       19,994           —                —               —         19,994
                           August 7, 2017(3)                       US$5.56            N/A        US$5.95      684,996           —                —          260,000       424,996
                           August 8, 2017 (3)                      US$5.95            N/A        US$6.03       54,990           —                —               —         54,990
                           August 10, 2017 (3)                     US$5.95            N/A        US$5.59      124,995           —                —               —        124,995
                           August 11, 2017 (3)                     US$5.59            N/A        US$5.46      234,988           —                —               —        234,988
                           August 17, 2017 (3)                     US$5.39            N/A        US$5.32      934,973           —                —           89,999       844,974
                           August 25, 2017 (3)                     US$5.38            N/A        US$5.29      179,985           —                —               —        179,985
                           August 28, 2017 (3)                     US$5.29            N/A        US$5.28      254,982           —                —               —        254,982
                           August 31, 2017 (3)                     US$5.30            N/A        US$5.30      312,000           —                —               —        312,000
                           August 31, 2017 (6)                     US$5.30        US$12.12       US$5.30    1,148,888           —            67,288          39,468     1,042,132
                           September 5, 2017(3)                    US$5.78            N/A        US$5.68      414,973           —                —           74,997       339,976
                           September 12,                           US$5.39            N/A        US$5.43      109,993           —                —               —        109,993
                           2017(3)
                           September 13,                           US$5.43              N/A      US$5.82      109,993           —                —               —        109,993
                           2017(3)
                           September 18,                           US$6.22              N/A      US$6.37       54,990           —                —               —         54,990
                           2017(3)
                           September 22,                           US$6.53         US$9.51       US$6.55      534,976           —            58,747              —        476,229
                           2017 (3)
                           September 25,                           US$6.55              N/A      US$6.56      454,974           —                —           74,997       379,977
                           2017 (3)
                           September 26,                           US$6.56        US$11.21       US$8.71      899,977           —           112,996         499,993       286,988
                           2017 (3)
                           September 29,                           US$7.49              N/A      US$7.96      449,989           —                —          249,997       199,992
                           2017(3)
                           November 1, 2017(3)                     US$7.10         US$9.50       US$6.84      869,947           —            26,000              —        843,947
                           November 30, 2017(3)                    US$6.38            N/A        US$6.15      109,993           —                —               —        109,993
                           January 5, 2018(3)                      US$7.72            N/A        US$7.58           —       299,988               —               —        299,988
                           January 31, 2018(3)                     US$9.52            N/A       US$10.44           —       124,490               —               —        124,490
                           February 28, 2018(3)                   US$11.61            N/A       US$11.04           —        32,604               —               —         32,604
                           April 30, 2018(3)                      US$13.37            N/A       US$13.04           —       159,458               —               —        159,458
                           May 31, 2018(3)                        US$14.98            N/A       US$15.39           —        56,500               —               —         56,500
                           June 26, 2018(3)                       US$12.70            N/A       US$12.34           —     3,222,013               —           44,486     3,177,527
                           June 29, 2018(3)                       US$11.90            N/A       US$11.83           —        80,966               —               —         80,966
                           August 31, 2018(3)                     US$13.67            N/A       US$13.66           —       141,570               —               —        141,570
                           September 28,                          US$13.28            N/A       US$13.25           —       104,693               —               —        104,693
                           2018 (3)
                           November 30,                           US$11.07              N/A     US$11.79           —        43,827               —               —         43,827
                           2018(3)
                           December 31,                           US$10.53              N/A     US$10.79           —       471,501               —               —        471,501
                           2018(3)

Total                                                                                                      90,251,295    9,308,481       10,900,579       6,216,330    82,442,867




                                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.                  •        2018      ANNUAL REPORT                             177
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (1)   The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
            to the grant date.

      (2)   The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
            day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.

      (3)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 75% become
            exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
            following the vest of the initial 25%.

      (4)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.

      (5)   100% of the options become exercisable on the 1st anniversary of the grant date.

      (6)   20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
            exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
            following the vest of the initial 20%.


3.    Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan

      The 2018 ESPP was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
      2018 to amend and restate the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on
      June 6, 2018. The 2018 ESPP is not a share option scheme subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the
      Listing Rules.

      As at December 31, 2018, no Shares had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the 2018
      ESPP.


      Summary

      The 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at a 15%
      discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at the
      end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.

      The 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has the authority
      to interpret the provisions of the 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in
      administering it.

      All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who have completed at least six months of
      employment at the beginning of each offering period are eligible to participate in the 2018 ESPP, other than
      employees who would own 5% or more of the voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to
      purchase Shares under the 2018 ESPP.

      To participate in the 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount not less
      than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation, including
      regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our Compensation
      Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances
      and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gain on the
      exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.




178     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
     and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
     open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85%
     of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the first local business day of the offering period or the
     last local business day of the offering period, whichever is lower.

     If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
     the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
     the employee.

     In the event of a recapitalization, reclassification, share split, reverse split, combination of shares, exchange
     of shares, share dividend, or similar event, the number and kind of shares that may be purchased under the
     2018 ESPP will be adjusted proportionately such that the proportionate interest of participating employees
     remains the same, to the extent practicable. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will
     be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or
     substituted, the offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by
     setting a new exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.


4.   Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan

     On June 6, 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Inducement Plan and reserved 12,000,000 Shares to be
     used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not previously employees of the Company or its
     subsidiaries, as an inducement to the individual’s entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries.
     The 2018 Inducement Plan was approved by the Board upon recommendation of our Compensation
     Committee. On August 7, 2018, the Company amended the 2018 Inducement Plan to comply with Chapter 17
     of the Listing Rules.

     As at December 31, 2018, the Company has conditionally granted options to two participants under the 2018
     Inducement Plan. All the options under the 2018 Inducement Plan were granted on August 31, 2018. The
     exercise price of all the options granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan was US$13.66.

     Further details of the 2018 Inducement Plan are set out in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT           179
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          As at December 31, 2018, 79,404 shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2018
          Inducement Plan. Details of the movements of the options granted on August 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                               Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                   Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                                            Price on day Price on day               Outstanding     Granted        Exercised          Lapsed         as of
Name of                                                                          prior to       prior to   Exercise as January        during          during           during December 31,
grantee          Role       Date of grant          Option period                  grant(1) exercise date      price     1, 2018   the Period      the Period       the Period        2018

                 Grantees

In aggregate                August 31, 2018(2)     10 years from the date     US$13.67             N/A     US$13.66          —       79,404               —               —        79,404
                                                   of grant

Total                                                                                                                        —       79,404               —               —        79,404


          (1)     The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
                  to the grant date.

          (2)     25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 75% become
                  exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                  following the vest of the initial 25%.


          Purpose

          The 2018 Inducement Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to grant equity awards to induce
          highly-qualified prospective officers and employees who are not currently employed by the Company or
          its Subsidiaries to accept employment and to provide them with a proprietary interest in the Company. It is
          anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification
          of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the
          Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company.


          Eligible Participants

          Full-time and part-time employees of the Company and its subsidiaries for whom the Company may issue
          securities without shareholder approval in accordance with Rule 5635 (c) (4) of the Marketplace Rules of the
          NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee, are eligible to
          participate in the 2018 Inducement Plan.


          Maximum Number of Shares

          The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2018 Inducement Plan is
          12,000,000.




180            BEIGENE, LTD.          •          2018      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Limit of Each Grantee

Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan and
any other equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
Shares in issue at the date of any grant.


Option Period

Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.

The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
each option may be exercised.


Exercise Price

The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
(ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
preceding the date of grant.


Consideration

No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2018 Inducement
Plan.




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT         181
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Since the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2018, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased,
sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange.


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The Audit Committee
currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Qingqing Yi and Mr. Timothy Chen. Each of
our Audit Committee members is an independent non-executive director. Mr. Thomas Malley is the chairman of
the Audit Committee. Effective May 1, 2019, Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su will replace Qingqing Yi as a member of the Audit
Committee. Mr. Su is an independent non-executive director.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December
31, 2018. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices
adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the external auditor of the
Company, Ernst & Young.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing
Rules.




182      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PUBLIC FLOAT

As at April 18, 2019 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge
of the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the Stock
Exchange.


AUDITORS

The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since August 8, 2018, and there
has been no change in auditors since the Listing Date.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting and United States financial
reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP respectively, both will retire and,
being eligible, offer themselves for respective re-appointment at the 2019 annual general meeting of shareholders.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 18, 2019




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT          183
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2018.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to shareholders.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.

For the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2018, the Company has applied the principles in the
Corporate Governance Code which are applicable to the Company.

Pursuant to code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are
expected to comply with, but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman
and the Chief Executive Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We
do not have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two
roles. Our Board believes that Mr. Oyler is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus of
the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board also believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective
execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. Our
Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a time
when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Group as a whole.

Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code set
out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs C.3.3 and C.3.7
of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Audit Committee complies with the rules of the
NASDAQ and the rules of the SEC.

Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance
Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph B.1.2 of
the Corporate Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Compensation Committee complies with the rules of
the NASDAQ.




184    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with the Corporate Governance Code set out in
Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph A.5.2 of the Corporate
Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with
the rules of the NASDAQ.

Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code during the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2018.

The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules regarding
the Directors’ dealings in the securities of the Company. Such insider dealing policies have been applicable to the
Company since the Listing Date, and previously, since the listing of the Company’s ADSs on NASDAQ in February
2016.

Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code for Securities Transactions, a director must not deal in any securities of the
issuer without first notifying in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board
for the specific purpose and receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing
policies, Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, has been designated as
the insider trading compliance officer whom a Director who intends to deal in the Company’s securities must notify.
Our Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite not being a member of the Board, is able to
carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the Company’s insider dealing policies, the terms
of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions.

Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from the Listing
Date up to the date of this annual report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT          185
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board currently comprises nine members, consisting of one executive Director, one non-executive Director and
seven independent non-executive Directors.

During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2018 and up to the date of this corporate governance
report, the composition of the Board comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director

Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Director

Dr. Xiaodong Wang


Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
Mr. Qingqing Yi

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Board at all times after the Listing Date met the requirements of the Listing Rule relating to the appointment
of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a written annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.




186    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Code provision A.4.1 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that non-executive directors should be
appointed for a specific term, subject to re-election, and code provision A.4.2 states that all directors appointed to
fill a casual vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment
and that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years.

Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with as
nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a three-
year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term, each
Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year term
and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2020 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2021 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2019 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal

We undertook to the Stock Exchange to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy to retire and seek re-
election at the next annual general meeting following their appointment. For details, please refer to our Prospectus.


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.

The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions
and operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          187
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs.
Each of these committees is established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange.


Audit Committee

The Audit Committee’s responsibilities include:

•     appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
      public accounting firms;

•     approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
      independent registered public accounting firms;

•     reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
      management responsible for preparing our financial statements;

•     reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
      annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
      practices used by us;

•     reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;

•     establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
      complaints and concerns;




188    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEx;

•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
     as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;

•    preparing the Audit Committee report;

•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions; and

•    reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
     filings with the SEC and HKEx.

The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr.
Qingqing Yi and Mr. Timothy Chen. Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman of the committee, is appropriately
qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. Effective May 1, 2019, Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
will replace Qingqing Yi as a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Su is an independent non-executive Director
appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee held eight meetings during the year ended December 31, 2018. Individual attendance of each
committee member is set out on page 193 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things, the Audit
Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management systems of the
Group.


Compensation Committee

The Compensation Committee’s responsibilities include:

•    annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief
     Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer;

•    evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in light of such corporate
     goals and objectives and recommending to the Board for approval our Chief Executive Officer’s and Chief
     Financial Officer’s compensation based on that evaluation;

•    reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers;

•    reviewing and establishing our overall management compensation, philosophy and policy;

•    overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT         189
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
      standards;

•     retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;

•     reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;

•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;

•     preparing the compensation committee report;

•     reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis; and

•     reviewing and discussing with the Board corporate succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other
      key officers.

The Compensation Committee comprises Mr. Qingqing Yi, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Timothy Chen. Mr.
Qingqing Yi is the chairman of the committee.

Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2018
are set out in Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management is ranging from HKD 18,000,000 to HKD 26,000,000.

The Compensation Committee held seven meetings during the year ended December 31, 2018. Individual
attendance of each committee member is set out on page 193 of this annual report. During the meetings, the
compensation committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on
determining the annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management.


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s responsibilities include:

•     developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;

•     establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
      recommended by shareholders;

•     identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;

•     recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
      committees;

•     developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines; and

•     overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management.




190    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Donald W. Glazer and Mr. Michael Goller.
Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chairman of the committee.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held two meetings during the year ended December 31,
2018. Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 193 of this annual report. During the
meetings, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the criteria for Board and committee
membership and corporate governance matters.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Company adopted a Board Diversity Policy to set out the Company’s approach to diversity on the Board.
Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review annually
the structure, size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the
Board. In reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider,
among others, the nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, skills, expertise, and industry and regional experience. The
Board Diversity Policy further provides that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will discuss and,
where necessary, agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend them to the
Board for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the factors identified above and to recruit a
Director or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement. The Board specifically notes the need to
recruit at least one female Director to be elected before the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders.


NOMINATION POLICY

As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria that
it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria as it
deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board for its consideration and approval criteria for
director candidates. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates. The Board may,
however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.

The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Diversity Policy and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with the
Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director and to
fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party search
firms to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including, among other things, the skills
of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other background characteristics, his or
her independence and the needs of the Board.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT         191
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board may consider a broad range of factors relating
to the qualifications and background of nominees, which may include diversity as set forth in the Board Diversity
Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members
is identification of persons who will further the interests of our shareholders through their established record of
professional accomplishment, depth and breadth of business experience and other background characteristics.

Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Articles
and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the
shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is
not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; (c) the candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background,
current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years; (d) a
description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board membership
approved by our board of directors; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular for
our next shareholder meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information
regarding the candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules
and Listing Rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or
about the shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including
information about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the
candidate and any such other beneficial owner.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision D.3.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code.

The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing policies,
and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report.




192       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings during
the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out below.

                                                             Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                         Nominating
                                                                                       and Corporate
                                                               Audit Compensation        Governance    Shareholder
Name of Director                               Board      Committee      Committee        Committee      Meetings

Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                               9/10             N/A             N/A            N/A            2/2
Non-executive Director:
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                               7/10             N/A             N/A            N/A            0/2
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Timothy Chen                                9/10             6/6             6/7            N/A            1/2
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                           10/10             N/A             N/A             2/2           2/2
Mr. Michael Goller                             10/10             N/A             N/A             2/2           2/2
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                           10/10             N/A             7/7            N/A            2/2
Mr. Thomas Malley                              10/10             8/8             N/A            N/A            2/2
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                           6/6             N/A             N/A            N/A            2/2
Mr. Qingqing Yi                                 9/10             8/8             7/7            N/A            0/2

In accordance with code provision A.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of the
Board and our only executive Director, also held meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other directors during the year ended December 31, 2018.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2018.


The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2018 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT        193
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2018 and prior to our Listing on the Stock Exchange, all of our Directors,
namely, Mr. John V. Oyler, Dr. Xiaodong Wang, Mr. Timothy Chen, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr.
Ranjeev Krishana, Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Yu and Mr. Qingqing Yi, participated in a training
session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, our legal adviser as to Hong Kong law, on directors’
duties, responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and the SFO.

The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, in respect of audit services and
non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, is set out below:

Services Category                                                                      Fees paid and payable
                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                        (US$’000)         (US$’000)

Audit services                                                                              2,396            1,231
Non-audit services                                                                           184                 49

Total                                                                                       2,580            1,280


The 2018 audit services conducted by Ernst & Young mainly included Hong Kong IPO and 2018 Hong Kong annual
reporting audit services. The 2018 audit services conducted by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP mainly included
the integrated audit of our 2018 U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial
reporting, quarterly review of consolidated financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q and assurance services associated with our registration statements, and statutory audit of certain
subsidiaries.

Non-audit services mainly consists of internal control consultation related to our Hong Kong IPO and tax advisory
services.

The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report. From January 1, 2018 to December
31, 2018, the remuneration paid/payable to the Auditor was disclosed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial
statements.




194     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONNECTED TRANSACTION

Saved as the consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing connected
transaction, disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group has not entered
into any connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the
requirements of Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in Note 28
to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.

None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.

We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects.


Financial Reporting Risk Management

As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT         195
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Information System Risk Management

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.


HUMAN RESOURCES RISK MANAGEMENT

We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.

In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.

We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy

With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.




196    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a Board-
approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed annually
by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date have
been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit Committee. There
have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.

In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:

•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;

•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;

•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and

•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.

We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight

Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting to ensure that our internal
control system is effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. We also
maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal control and
reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies

Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.

Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT       197
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information.
All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct. Future Directors,
officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning service at the Company.
All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their review and agreement to
comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the supervision of our Board or a
committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the Code of Conduct, and (ii) when
appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of the Code of Conduct.


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

For the year ended December 31, 2018, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate.


COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial
matters and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s
primary contact person within the Company is Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the
Company. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders

Pursuant to articles 61 and 62 of our Articles, an extraordinary general meeting of our Company shall be convened
on a members’ requisition put forth by our shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate
not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of such of the issued Shares as at that date of the deposit carries the
right of voting at general meetings of our Company. The requisition must state the object of the meeting, set forth a
form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the meeting and must be signed by the
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit
of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene
a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months after the
expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.




198    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94
Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.

For a shareholder communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the Board,
shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail or expedited
delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director].

Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors
to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other
general meetings. At the forthcoming 2019 annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will
be available to meet shareholders and answer their enquiries.


CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The memorandum and articles of association of the Company was amended and restated as the fourth amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association with effect from February 8, 2016. A proposal was made
to amend the fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of our Company at the
extraordinary general meeting held on December 7, 2018. The details of the amendments are set out in our
circular dated November 8, 2018, which was published on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.
hkexnews.hk) and our Company, including the key changes summarized below. Such amendments were approved
by our Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting.

•    Shareholder Meeting Requisition . To comply with the Listing Rules, the Company amended its fourth
     amended and restated memorandum and articles of association so that holders of one-tenth of the voting
     rights of the Company’s issued share capital may requisition a general meeting of shareholders, compared
     to a simple majority requirement set out in the fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
     association.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT         199
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•     Director Appointment and Removal . To comply with the Listing Rules, the Company amended the fourth
      amended and restated memorandum and articles of association so that (1) shareholders requisitioning a
      general meeting may put forward resolutions to appoint or remove directors, and (2) at such a meeting so
      convened, the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the issued shares as of the applicable record date shall
      be sufficient to approve the appointment or removal of directors.

•     Director Compensation for Loss of Office or Retirement. To comply with the Listing Rules, the Company
      amended its fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association so that any compensation
      for loss of office or as consideration in connection with a director’s retirement (not being a payment to which
      he/she is contractually entitled) is subject to the approval of the shareholders at a general meeting.

•     Meeting Notice Requirement. To comply with the Listing Rules, the Company amended its fourth amended
      and restated memorandum and articles of association so that the notice period for any annual general meeting
      shall be at least 21 calendar days’ advance notice and the notice period for any other general meeting shall be
      at least 14 calendar days’ advance notice.

Our Articles also contain consequential changes to the amendments described above, including but not limited
to in relation to the numbering of the provisions of the fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association.




200    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


OVERVIEW

This environmental, social and governance report provides information on the environmental, social and
governance, or ESG, performance of our Company for the period from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018. This
ESG report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide, Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules. It is to be
read in conjunction with the annual report, in particular the corporate governance report contained in the annual
report.

We have offices located in Asia-Pacific, North America and Europe, with a large operation in China. Unless
otherwise specified, the scope of this ESG report covers the operation in China.


ESG STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT


ESG Management

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative
molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for the treatment of cancer. Our vision, mission, values and
behavior guidelines demonstrate our core ESG strategy.

•    Our Vision

     Transform the biopharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible
     to far more cancer patients around the world.

•    Our Mission

     Build the first next-generation biopharmaceutical company - one that expands the highest quality therapies to
     billions more people - through courage, persistent innovation, and challenging the status quo.

•    Our Values

     o     All Patients First. Striving to improve the health and well-being of all patients, regardless of location or
           income.

     o     Transformational Mindset — Challenging the Status Quo. Embracing innovative ways of doing things
           at all levels, and stretching our minds to accomplish things that others thought were impossible.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          201
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      o     Sense of Urgency, With Commitment to Quality and Compliance. Maintaining our sense of urgency
            and agility with a relentless dedication to quality and compliance, with a commitment to continuous
            improvement.

      o     Regional and Functional Teamwork. Creating superior teamwork through open, authentic
            communication and respect for individual differences to enable excellence cross-functionally and around
            the world.

      o     Global Capabilities, Local Expertise. Operating at the highest global standards, while understanding
            and respecting the value and importance of local expertise.

      o     Effective Non-Hierarchical Decision-Making. Involving inclusively the appropriate people;
            communicating openly and transparently, listening actively, considering all options; articulating a
            scientific/logic-based decision, and aligning to support decisions made.

      o     Individual Growth. Creating an environment, built on diversity and inclusion, in which all employees
            have an opportunity to grow professionally, affect the world meaningfully, and build lifelong friendships
            with exceptional people.

•     Our Behavior Guidelines

      How we get things done is just as important as what we accomplish - we operate with an unwavering
      commitment to compliance, ethics, and integrity, and always treat fellow colleagues with respect and dignity.

We pursue our business objectives with integrity, trust, and respect, and in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. We integrated ESG considerations into our operations. Organizational and management systems for
ESG have been established based on the characteristics of our business. We continuously monitor and optimize
such systems in order to improve our ESG performance.




202       BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Stakeholder Engagement

We understand the importance of stakeholders’ feedback. We maintain routine and close communications with
our stakeholders and establish channels to share their opinions on the Company’s ESG performance and future
development strategy. According to our business characteristics, we identified the main stakeholders and their
main ESG concerns.

Main Stakeholders                Main ESG Concerns                       Main Communication Channels

Shareholders                     •   Product Responsibility              •   Shareholder meeting
                                 •   Anti-corruption                     •   Annual report
                                                                         •   Regular announcement
                                                                         •   Official website
                                                                         •   Face-to-face communication

Government and regulators        •   Product Responsibility              •   Policy consultation
                                 •   Anti-corruption                     •   Incident reporting
                                 •   Community Investment                •   Information disclosure
                                 •   Labor Standards

Employees                        •   Employment                          •   Communication meetings
                                 •   Health and Safety                   •   Employee satisfaction survey
                                 •   Development and Training            •   Employee activities
                                 •   Labor Standards                     •   Social media
                                                                         •   Face-to-face communication

Customers and patients           •   Product Responsibility              •   Quality management system
                                 •   Anti-corruption                     •   Information disclosure

Suppliers                        •   Supply Chain Management             •   Supplier assessment
                                 •   Anti-corruption                     •   Conferences
                                                                         •   Telephone calls
                                                                         •   Emails

Media and non-                   •   Emissions                           •   Social media
  governmental organizations     •   Use of Resources                    •   Official website
                                 •   Environment and Natural Resources
                                 •   Product Responsibility
                                 •   Labor Standards

Community                        •   Emissions                           •   Community interaction
                                 •   Use of Resources                    •   Public welfare activities
                                 •   Environment and Natural Resources   •   Social media
                                 •   Community Investment




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018     ANNUAL REPORT         203
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Materiality Assessment

Based on our communication with the main stakeholders and the operating characteristics of the Company, we
conducted a materiality analysis of 11 ESG topics listed in the ESG Reporting Guide, as a reference for our actions
and report. The material topics include “Product Responsibility”, “Anti-Corruption”, “Employment” and “Supply
Chain Management”; and other relevant topics include “Health and Safety”, “Emissions”, “Use of Resources”,
“The Environment and Natural Resources”, “Community Investment”, “Development and Training” and “Labor
Standards”. These topics are discussed in detail in this ESG report.


ENVIRONMENT


Environment Management

We recognize the importance of living in harmony with the environment. For operations in China, we abide by
relevant PRC laws and regulations, such as The Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of
China, The Environmental Noise Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, The
Water Pollution Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of China, The Law of the People’s Republic of China
on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, Regulations on the Administration
of Construction Project Environmental Protection. In 2018, we did not have any material violations of PRC
environmental laws and regulations.

We have set up an internal environmental management system according to the ISO14001 framework. We
formulated standard operating procedures for environmental health and safety, or EHS, management, including
EHS Management System Manual, EHS Base Specifications, Waste Water Management Procedure, etc.

Moreover, we have set up an environmental responsibility management system, composed of the EHS committee,
EHS department and EHS coordinators. They are responsible for the effective implementation of the internal
environmental management system and enhancing employees’ EHS awareness.


Use of Resources

The main resources we consume are electricity, water and natural gas in our operation and manufacturing.


1.    Green Operation

      We use LED lights in our offices and encourage our employees to turn off lights and electronic equipment
      after work. In addition, we post “save energy” notices in our office areas to cultivate employees’ awareness of
      energy saving. We also recycle paper and other recyclable waste.




204    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


2.   Green Manufacturing

      We have implemented measures in manufacturing to save energy and water resources. Examples are set out
      below.

      Freezing Constant-Pressure Water Supply System

      This system adopts the programmable logic controller and the frequency conversion analog quantity control
      technology. The frequency can be adjusted in real time according to the end pressure of cooling water to save
      energy. It is estimated that this will save 14,600 kWh of electricity per year.

      Steam Condensation Recovery System

      This system uses discharged water from the reverse osmosis process to cool down the steam to condensed
      water, which is used to fill the cooling tower. It is estimated that this will save over 17,520 tons of water per
      year.

      New Frequency Conversion Centrifugal Refrigerator

      This system adopts the programmable logic controller and the frequency conversion control technology. It
      automatically adjusts the operational load according to the workshop refrigerating capacity requirements. It is
      estimated that this will save 100,000 kWh of electricity per year.


Emissions Reduction Practices

Our major air emissions include Greenhouse Gas, or GHG, SO 2 and NOx. GHG mainly arises from the use of
electricity and natural gas used for production and in the office. We reduce carbon emissions by saving energy. SO2
and NOx emissions are generated by natural gas consumption during factory production, and are discharged after
being processed by waste gas treatment facilities, to ensure that SO2 concentration and NOx concentration in the
discharged gas meet the emission standards issued by the local authority.

Waste water produced by the Company includes industrial waste water and sanitary sewage. The industrial waste
water is 100% recycled after being treated by waste water treatment facilities. The sanitary sewage discharged into
the municipal pipelines is regularly tested to meet the local wastewater discharge standards. We maintain the waste
water treatment facilities regularly to ensure that they are efficient.

Non-hazardous waste includes domestic waste produced in office operations and non-hazardous waste produced
in the course of production. Domestic waste is handled by the property management company and non-hazardous
waste produced in manufacturing is disposed of by municipal sanitary stations.

Hazardous waste produced in manufacturing and laboratory is collected and stored as per PRC laws and
regulations and transferred to qualified third parties for disposal.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2018   ANNUAL REPORT      205
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


New Concentrated Liquid Crystallizing Tank

We added a crystallization tank for waste concentrated liquid for secondary crystallization to reduce production of
hazardous waste liquid. It is estimated that in this way waste hazardous liquid will be reduced by 960 tons per year.


The Environment and Natural Resources

Our main impacts on the environment and natural resources are emissions generated and the use of natural
resources in daily operations. Therefore, we adopted emission reduction and resource conservation measures
mentioned above to minimize those impacts.


Environmental Key Performance Indicators

The tables below show our environmental key performance indicators. Unless otherwise specified, data below
covers major operations in China, including our Beijing laboratory, Beijing office building, Suzhou factory and
Suzhou office building for the period from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018. Other small offices in China,
overseas offices and facilities under construction are not included.


1.      Emissions

KPIs                                                                                                          2018

Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (tonnes)                                                               6,453.94
Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) (tonnes)
     Including: Natural gas (tonnes)                                                                         534.46
Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) (tonnes)
     Including: Electricity (tonnes)                                                                       5,929.32
Total GHG emissions per unit operating income (tonnes/RMB 10,000)                                              0.33
Total SO2 emissions (tonnes)                                                                                   0.03
Total NOx emissions (tonnes)                                                                                   0.48
Total hazardous waste (tonnes)                                                                               141.96
Hazardous waste per unit operating income (tonnes/RMB 10,000)                                                  0.01
Total non-hazardous waste (tonnes)                                                                            47.88
Non-hazardous waste per unit operating income (tonnes/RMB 10,000)                                            0.0024
Wastewater (tonnes)                                                                                         7,118.4
COD (tonnes)                                                                                                   3.56
Ammonia nitrogen (tonnes)                                                                                      0.06




206       BEIGENE, LTD.        •       2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Notes:

•       GHG emissions inventory includes CO2, CH4 and NOx. GHG emissions data is presented in carbon dioxide equivalent and is
        based on the Baseline Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids in China (2015) issued by the National Development and
        Reform Commission and the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories of Intergovernmental Panel on
        Climate Change.

•       NOx emissions are generated by natural gas consumption. NOx emissions are calculated based on the Announcement on
        the Release of Pollutant Discharge Coefficient for Calculating Pollutant Discharge and Material Balance Calculation Method
        (Ministry of Environmental Protection No. 81 of 2017).

•       SO2 emissions are generated by natural gas consumption. SO2 emissions are calculated based on the Textbook for
        Environment Impact Assessment Professional Qualification Registration.

•       Hazardous wastes mainly include pharmaceutical wastes, organic solvents, etc.

•       Non-hazardous waste from the Beijing office building is not included as it is disposed of by the property management
        company.

•       The volume of waste water from the Suzhou office is not included as it is disposed of by the property management
        company.


2.      Energy and Resources Consumption

KPIs                                                                                                                      2018


Total energy consumption (MWh)                                                                                       10,917.13
Direct energy consumption (MWh)
     Including: Natural gas (MWh)                                                                                     2,682.95
Indirect energy consumption (MWh)
     Including: Electricity                                                                                           8,234.18
Total energy consumption per unit operating income (MWh/RMB 10,000)                                                        0.55
Production water consumption (tonnes)                                                                                79,112.00
Production water consumption per unit operating income (tonnes/RMB 10,000)                                                 3.99

Notes:

•       Total energy consumption is calculated based on the total power and natural gas consumption and the conversion factors
        in the PRC National Standards General Principles for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB/T 2589-
        2008).

•       The water resources used by the Company come from municipal water supplies with no issue in sourcing water.

•       Data relating to packaging materials is not applicable to the Company.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            207
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


WORKPLACE

Our people are critical to our success, so we endeavor to provide a good working environment for our employees.
We have adopted relevant policies to ensure our employees’ occupational health and safety, advocate work-life
balance, and focus on their long-term career development. From January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018, we were
not aware of any incidents of material non-compliance with the PRC laws and regulations relating to employment,
occupational health and safety, and labor standards.


Employment and Labor Practices

We comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to employment, such as the Labor Law of the People’s Republic
of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Law of the People’s Republic of China on
the Protection of Women’s Rights and Interests, the Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China, and
Provision on Minimum Wage of the People’s Republic of China.

We have developed an employee handbook in China, specifying the policies for recruitment, promotion, working
hours, leave entitlements, compensation, dismissal, welfare and other benefits, anti-discrimination, diversity and
equal opportunity.


1.    Recruitment and Dismissal

      We follow the recruitment guidelines developed by our human resources department. Every job applicant
      is required to provide information such as ID card, educational background and work experience, which is
      reviewed by us and verified by a professional background checking agency as needed, to avoid the risk of
      child labor.

      Recruitment interviews are conducted at three levels, including human resources department, line manager,
      and next level manager. These procedures are designed to recruit suitable talents in accordance with the job
      descriptions and on the principle of equal employment opportunity.

      Dismissal (including resignation and dismissal) of employees is strictly compliant with applicable PRC laws
      and regulations. Clauses related to dismissal are listed in the labor contracts.


2.    Equal Opportunity and Diversity

      We comply with the PRC laws and regulations on employment, and prohibit any discrimination on the grounds
      of gender, ethnicity, race, disability, age, religious belief, sexual orientation, nationality or family status. We
      have offices located in Asia-Pacific, North America and Europe and we encourage cultural diversity in the
      Company. We primarily recruit employees through recruitment agencies, employee referral, on-campus job
      fairs and online channels including our corporate website, social networking platforms and industry referrals.




208    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


3.   Working Hours and Leave Entitlements

     In China, we have adopted two working hour systems, standard working hours and flex-time working hours.
     These systems have been approved by the local labor administrative department. We strictly forbid any form
     of forced labor.

     Under our China leave policy, our employees are entitled to take annual leave, fully-paid sick leave, and other
     statutory leaves. Additionally, female employees are entitled to take fully-paid maternity leave, while male
     employees are entitled to take fully-paid paternity leave.


4.   Compensation and Promotion

     We refer to the salary and welfare of the pharmaceutical and other industries to offer competitive salary and
     benefits to attract and retain talents. We have granted cash bonuses to our employees. Furthermore, we
     have granted share incentive awards to our employees to incentivize their contributions to our growth and
     development.

     The results of employee performance evaluations are an important consideration in decisions relating
     to annual performance bonuses, promotion, demotion, rewards and disciplinary action. Promotion is
     reviewed and decided upon by different internal groups according to preset evaluation criteria on employee
     performance, job requirements and business performance.


5.   Welfare and Benefits

     In China, we provide a range of insurances including medical insurance, pension insurance and unemployment
     insurance as prescribed by the local rules and regulations. In addition, we provide commercial insurances to
     all employees and premium plan insurance packages to executive-level employees.


6.   Communication

     We have set up multiple communication channels to collect employees’ suggestions, opinions and
     complaints. We organized many employee activities from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018, such as
     family day and team building activities.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT          209
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Occupational Health and Safety

We believe that employees’ health and safety is our top priority. From the occupational health perspective, we
strictly comply with the relevant PRC laws, such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and
Control of Occupational Diseases, the Technical Specification for Occupational Health Surveillance, and the Law
of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, etc. From the safety
perspective, we comply with the relevant laws and regulations, such as the Provisions of the State Council on the
Investigation of Administrative Responsibility for Major Safety Accidents, the Notice of the State Administration of
Work Safety on the Adjustment of the Statistical Report on the Dispatch of Work Safety Accidents, etc.

We have formulated policies to manage and control occupational health and safety risks, for instance, the EHS
Management System Manual, the Basic Standards for EHS Management, the Restricted Space Management, the
Emergency Preparedness and Procedures, the Emergency Rescue Management and the Hazardous Chemicals
Management, etc. Based on these policies, we have established an occupational health and safety management
system to prevent occupational injury accidents and diseases, through the following procedures.

•     Researching requirements of applicable laws and regulations;

•     Identifying significant risk factors related to occupational health and safety;

•     Developing a management plan and assigning to relevant departments;

•     Defining the roles and responsibilities, setting up a training course and system, improving EHS response
      mechanism, and enhancing internal external communication and coordination; and

•     Enhancing employees’ awareness of safety and conducting reviews on a regular basis.

We have established a health and safety department in each branch organizationally. For this specific department,
in terms of building a safe and comfortable working environment for employees, we have formulated procedures
and measures according to the actual situation, based on the occupational health and safety management system,
to minimize health and safety risks. We conduct physical examination for employees before service, during service
and before dismissal. If an employee is found to be suffering from occupational health issues, position adjustments
will be provided and remedial action will be taken.




210    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Training and Development

We provide training tailored to the needs of different positions. There are three types of training: new employee
orientation, annual mandatory training on compliance/intellectual property/quality/EHS, and training on general
professional skills, management skills and job-specific technical skills. These trainings are organized by responsible
functions including quality, legal, compliance, EHS and human resources.

We have set up an internal training policy. Training courses are regularly provided to employees by internal trainers
or external consultants. Our employees may also attend external trainings upon their supervisors’ approvals.
Moreover, we have set up an online learning platform - e-Learning Management System, or eLMS, so that
employees can learn anytime and anywhere.

We ask employees to prepare their personal development plans on an annual basis. According to the annual
personal development plans, employees propose training needs for their supervisors’ review.


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

We adhere to the principle of “fair and open” in supply chain management. We have established a sound supplier
management system and strive to build a long-term and stable relationship with suppliers.


Supplier Access Management

All suppliers need to be pre-assessed before procurement can start. We have developed evaluation standards and
access criteria, such as business legitimacy and technical professional reputation. For production suppliers, there
are additional quality assurance, or QA, standards and evaluation criteria. For healthcare-related suppliers, we also
check their qualifications and compliance.


Supplier Selection and Assessment

We have established supplier selection criteria with a standardized evaluation form. Our procurement department
conducts assessment of suppliers based on established internal selection criteria and standards. All candidates are
evaluated based on the criteria including quotation, quality and deliverables. We constantly improve the supplier
selection process. In addition, phased and continuous evaluation is also undertaken, and the evaluation result
serves as a reference for future cooperation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT          211
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Supplier EHS Requirement


1.    Environmental Requirement

      Some of our contracts with suppliers specify that they are obliged to minimize the adverse impacts of their
      operations on the environment. The requirements include:

      •     Complying with all applicable environmental laws in the country of operation, and obtaining and
            maintaining the necessary registrations, permits and licenses; and

      •     Establishing systems for ensuring responsible management of raw materials, waste, air emissions and
            wastewater discharges.


2.    Health and Safety Requirement

      We generally require our suppliers to provide their employees with a safe, healthy and hygienic workplace and
      accommodations. The requirements include:

      •     Implementing effective measures to control risks of work-related accidents and illnesses, such as
            providing sufficient protection against exposure to chemical, biological or physical hazards in the
            working environment;

      •     Identifying and assessing emergency situations, implementing emergency plans and response
            procedures in the workplace, and providing sufficient fire exits, escape routes and firefighting
            equipment; and

      •     Providing regular health and safety training for employees.




212       BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

We have grown into a fully-integrated global biotechnology company with a broad portfolio of drugs and drug
candidates. Our lead internally-developed, late-stage clinical drug candidates include zanubrutinib (BGB-3111), a
potentially best-in-class investigational small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase, or BTK; tislelizumab
(BGB-A317), an investigational humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor
programmed cell death protein 1, or PD-1; and pamiparib (BGB-290), an investigational small molecule inhibitor
of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1, or PARP1, and PARP2 enzymes. In addition to our three late-stage clinical
drug candidates, our pipeline also includes three internally-developed drug candidates in early-stage clinical
development: lifirafenib (BGB-283), an investigational RAF dimer inhibitor; BGB-A333, an investigational humanized
monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor ligand PD-L1; and BGB-A425, an investigational
humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3. We also pursue in-licensing opportunities that, among other things,
allow us to help our collaborators by leveraging our capabilities in clinical development and commercialization
in China and other Asia-Pacific countries. Our business development efforts have led to a development-stage
portfolio that includes sitravatinib, an investigational, spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor in clinical development
by Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., or Mirati, for which we have in-licensed development and commercial rights in Asia
(excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand; and ZW25 and ZW49, two bispecific antibody-based biologic drug
candidates targeting HER2, in clinical development by Zymeworks Inc., or Zymeworks, for which we have in-
licensed development and commercial rights in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand. We entered into
a strategic collaboration with Celgene Corporation in August 2017, in which we obtained an exclusive license to
market in China Celgene’s approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID® and VIDAZA®, as well as rights in
China to develop and commercialize avadomide (CC-122), an investigational next-generation Cereblon modulator
currently in clinical development by Celgene outside of China for lymphoma and hepatocellular carcinomas, or
HCC. As part of the collaboration, we also granted Celgene an exclusive right to develop and commercialize
tislelizumab for solid tumors in the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of the world other than Asia.


Product Quality Control

We are committed to maintaining a high standard quality control to ensure the safety of our products.

We strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations. Our manufacturing sites are in compliance with requirements
of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), China’s Drug Administration and European regulations, such
as Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), and ICH Q10 Drug Quality Control System. We are committed to high
standards on safety, standardization, products, research and service quality. We are also committed to serving
patients with a continuous supply of qualified drugs to meet consumer demand. At the same time, we have
formulated internal standards that are often stricter than those standards required by national and industrial
practice, and these standards are optimized and enhanced on an ongoing basis.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT         213
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


We have formulated the quality manual BeiGene Quality Manual (2nd Edition). We have established and strive to
maintain a strict and modern enterprise quality management system. The system covers drug discovery, research
and development, manufacturing facilities, production, inspection, and we have formulated detailed guidelines on
our quality control process.

We uniformly adopt a global quality management system, but the structures may differ depending on the business
characteristics of different sites. For example, the manufacturing department in Beijing focuses on research and
development, drug discovery and preclinical development; the factory in Suzhou is established to meet the business
needs of clinical manufacturing for early to late development of drug candidates and commercial manufacturing;
and the factory in Guangzhou is being established for commercial manufacturing.


Complaints and Recall Procedures

We strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations such as the Administrative Measures for Drug Recalls, the
new versions of the Chinese and European Union cGMP, the Principles of Good Manufacturing and Good Supply
Practices, etc.

Our channels to receive complaints include mail and email. The QA department requires that all complaints
should be documented and confirmed if the complaint is caused by quality issues. If it is related to quality, the QA
department will conduct further investigation, which can include but is not limited to, document review, sample
testing and inspection. The QA department will document the testing and analysis results and decide whether to
take preventive measures and measure the impact on other released batches. The complaint process results will
be reported to customers in a timely manner. We did not receive any complaints from customers and there was no
product recall during 2018.


Intellectual Property Rights

Our commercial success depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, drugs and
drug candidates from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights. We
seek to protect our drugs, drug candidates and proprietary technology globally via patent protection, trade secret
protection, trademark protection, and regulatory data protection.

Our commercial success also depends on our avoiding infringement of the valid patents and other intellectual
property rights of third parties. For example, we conduct Freedom to Operate (FTO) analysis to make sure that the
development and commercialization of our products does not infringe the valid patent rights of others.

To protect our property rights (patent, label and copyright), we strictly comply with the requirements of relevant
laws and regulations, such as the patent laws, the trademark laws, the trade secret laws,, the contract laws, and
the antitrust laws of the United States, China and other countries and regions.




214    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our drug candidates and their methods of use are an important part
of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines. We have filed patent applications and obtained
patents in the United States, China and other countries and regions, relating to certain of our drug candidates and
technologies. We rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do
not consider appropriate for, patent protection, including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-
how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and support our
development programs.

As of December 31, 2018, we owned 18 issued U.S. patents, 9 issued China patents, a number of pending U.S.
and China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications globally. In addition, we owned
pending international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT). With respect to any issued
patents in the United States and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to extend the patent
term provided we meet the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent term extensions. For example, in the
United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five years for one of the patents covering a product
once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact duration of the extension depends on the time we spend in
clinical studies as well as obtaining the New Drug Application (NDA) approved from the FDA.


PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION

We value data security to protect the Company’s interests and the interests of our employees and patients. Our
data encompass a wide variety of critical business information including research and development information,
commercial information and business and financial information.

We comply with PRC laws and regulations governing both the disclosure and the use of confidential patient medical
information. We strictly protect the privacy of human subjects in clinical trials, which are governed under various
laws and regulations, including the People’s Republic of China Accountability Act and the Cybersecurity Law of
the People’s Republic of China, etc. We also require our business partners to abide by these laws and regulations
through agreements so as to reduce the risk of data leakage. In 2018, we do not believe that we experienced any
material information leakage or loss of sensitive data.

We have implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided. In clinic trials, only necessary information of patients is collected. We use
information systems from our contract research organizations, or CROs, to enter and transmit human subjects’ data
and information. We sign information protection agreements with CROs and implement technical security measures,
such as setting clear and strict access rights to ensure the protection of sensitive human subject information. In
addition, we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent misuse or inappropriate disclosure of
data, and any form of export of such information complies with all applicable regulations. Ongoing monitoring and
updating are carried out as well.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT          215
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Protection for the personal data of research subjects participating in the clinical trials include the following:


1.    Contractual protections

      Our agreements with trial centers, principal investigators and clinical trial vendors require compliance with
      applicable laws, which include privacy and security laws, and strict confidentiality.


2.    Informed consents

      We and our clinical trial collaborators are both legally and contractually required in accordance with China
      Good Clinical Trial Practice (GCP) to obtain clinical trial subjects’ permission to collect personal data, share
      personal data with us, and if applicable, transfer personal data outside of China. This is conducted via the
      informed consent process, which includes written documented consents from the parties involved. Our use of
      personal data obtained from clinical trial subjects complies with the terms of such consents.


3.    Regulatory Approvals

      We obtain approval from the PRC Ministry of Science and Technology before the commencement of clinical
      trials in which we and clinical trial centers in China obtain human genetic resources, or HGR, and before
      exporting the HGR samples or associated data outside of China.


4.    Security Measures

      We employ security measures that protect the confidentiality and security of data that we collect, store and
      otherwise process. Most clinical trial data maintained by us resides in validated quality systems that include
      additional security protections such as limited role-based access and firewall protections. Our employees
      must explicitly agree to comply with security measures that apply to them as outlined in our Acceptable Use
      Policy and attend mandatory security training sessions.


5.    Others

      Our Code of Conduct mandates that all employees comply with applicable laws and protect confidential
      information. Confidentiality obligations are further detailed in our employment contracts with all employees.
      These compliance and confidentiality obligations extend to the protection of all personal data collected and
      processed by us, including the personal data of clinical trial subjects.




216    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Advertising Compliance

As required by the Classification Management Measures of Prescription Drugs and Non-Prescription Drugs and
Provisions for Drug Advertisement Examination relating to drug advertisement in China, prescription drugs are
strictly forbidden from advertising to the general public and are only permitted to be advertised in professional
medical journals. Therefore, we manage publicity work strictly according to the regulations and do not advertise our
products to the general public in China.


Anti-Corruption

We stress implementation of anti-corruption control measures and strictly follow relevant laws and regulations
against corruption, bribery and unfair competition, such as Law of the People’s Republic of China against Unfair
Competition, the US federal Anti-Kickback Statute, and the FCPA. We have established the Code of Conduct and
put in place an anti-corruption policy to safeguard against any corruption within the Company.

A comprehensive and robust compliance management system has been built, consisting of the following key
components:

•    Designated compliance officer and compliance committee;

•    Internal policies and procedures;

•    Education and training programs;

•    Platform/Lines of communications between employees and leadership;

•    Effective monitoring programs;

•    Independent investigations; and

•    Enforcement and disciplinary actions.


Trainings and Communication

We carry out online and offline training on compliance policies. Through our eLMS, we provide tailored training
programs for different employees based on roles and responsibilities. In addition, we also have quarterly knowledge
testing program for sales personnel. On-site trainings are provided as well, such as regular business meetings.

We pay attention to business ethics risks in the procurement process. We have incorporated anti-corruption rules
and requirements into our contracts and integrity commitment letters that require our suppliers to operate with
honesty and integrity.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT            217
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Monitoring and Supervision

We have set up comprehensive and risk-based monitoring programs to conduct monitoring activities on high-risk
process and transactions, including forensic data analytics, monthly T&E transaction testing, quarterly independent
monitoring programs by third parties, and annual review of specific high-risk processes. These monitoring programs
help us timely identify risks, gaps, and potential misconduct, so that we can take prompt remediation actions.

We have set up an internal complaint and whistle-blowing mechanism. We have a compliance hotline in place for
employees to report compliance concerns or any misconduct. The hotline access information is clearly listed in
the Code of Conduct. In addition, we have an open-door and non-retaliation policy, which encourages employees
to ask questions or raise concerns with no hesitation or fear. All reports will be investigated seriously and
independently by designated compliance personnel, and we provide protection for whistleblowers.

We take both corrective and preventive actions in a timely manner in response to any findings identified in
monitoring programs and investigations, such as disciplinary action, and enhancement to policies, procedures and
controls.


Community Investment

Our community investment focuses on patients, and we actively conduct patient assistance programs.

In October 2018, we collaborated with the China Primary Health Care Foundation to develop a patient assistance
program to provide REVLIMID® (lenalidomide) capsules to patients who meet certain medical criteria and economic
criteria. In this program, lenalidomide capsules are provided to be used in conjunction with dexamethasone to treat
adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma (NDMM) who have not previously been treated and are not
eligible for transplantation, or patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM) who have received at
least one therapy.

Low-income patients with NDMM or RRMM and patients living on minimum subsidy allowances with NDMM
are eligible to apply for assistance. After all information is verified by the China Primary Health Care Foundation,
patients are provided with medical assistance to obtain standardized treatment. This program aims to provide
eligible low-income patients with improved access to medical treatment and reduce family and social burdens.
We are also planning to launch patient assistance programs for our internally developed drug candidates, once
approved.




218    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.:


Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) as of December
31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows and
shareholders' equity for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December
31, 2018 and 2017, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.


Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
March 28, 2019




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT          219
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                               As of December 31,
                                                       Note       2018              2017
                                                               US$’000        US$’000

Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                    712,937         239,602
  Short-term restricted cash                            5       14,544                 —
  Short-term investments                                6     1,068,509        597,914
  Accounts receivable                                   7       41,056          29,428
  Unbilled receivable                                   7        8,612                 —
  Inventories                                           8       16,242          10,930
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets            14       81,942          35,623

Total current assets                                          1,943,842        913,497

Non-current assets:
  Long-term restricted cash                             5       13,232                 —
  Property and equipment, net                          10      157,061          62,568
  Land use right, net                                  11       45,058          12,465
  Intangible assets, net                               12        7,172              7,250
  Goodwill                                              4          109               109
  Deferred tax assets                                  13       29,542              7,675
  Other non-current assets                             14       53,668          42,915

Total non-current assets                                       305,842         132,982

Total assets                                                  2,249,684      1,046,479

Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                     15      113,283          69,779
  Accrued expenses and other payables                  14      100,414          49,598
  Deferred revenue, current portion                             18,140          12,233
  Tax payable                                          13        5,888              9,156
  Current portion of long-term bank loan               16        8,727              9,222

Total current liabilities                                      246,452         149,988




220      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                  Note                 2018              2017
                                                                                    US$’000        US$’000

Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term bank loan                                              16                40,785              9,222
  Shareholder loan                                                 17               148,888         146,271
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                                               9,842          24,808
  Deferred tax liabilities                                         13                11,139                 —
  Other long-term liabilities                                      14                38,931          31,959

Total non-current liabilities                                                       249,585         212,260

Total liabilities                                                                   496,037         362,248

Commitments and contingencies                                      25
Equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
  9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 776,263,184 and
     592,072,330 shares issued and outstanding as of
     December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively                                            77                59
  Additional paid-in capital                                                       2,744,814      1,000,747
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                       1,526               (480)
  Accumulated deficit                                                          (1,007,215)         (330,517)

  Total BeiGene, Ltd. shareholders’ equity                                         1,739,202        669,809

  Noncontrolling interest                                                            14,445          14,422

Total equity                                                                       1,753,647        684,231

Total liabilities and equity                                                       2,249,684      1,046,479




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT          221
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                          Note         2018           2017
                                                                    US$’000        US$’000

Revenues
  Product revenue, net                                    18        130,885         24,428
  Collaboration revenue                                    3         67,335        213,959

  Total revenues                                                    198,220        238,387
Expenses
  Cost of sales - product                                            (28,705)        (4,974)
  Research and development                                          (679,005)      (269,018)
  Selling, general and administrative                               (195,385)       (62,602)
  Amortization of intangible assets                                     (894)          (250)

  Total expenses                                                    (903,989)      (336,844)

Loss from operations                                                (705,769)       (98,457)
  Interest income (expense), net                                     13,947          (4,108)
  Other income, net                                                    1,993        11,501

Loss before income tax expense                            19        (689,829)       (91,064)
Income tax benefit (expense)                              13         15,796          (2,235)

Net loss                                                            (674,033)       (93,299)

Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                 (264)          (194)

Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                              (673,769)       (93,105)

Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.,
  basic and diluted (in US$)                              20           (0.93)         (0.17)
Weighted-average shares outstanding,
  basic and diluted (in shares)                           20     720,753,819    543,185,460
Net loss per American Depositary Share (“ADS”),
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                          (12.15)         (2.23)
Weighted-average ADSs outstanding,
  basic and diluted (in ADSs)                                     55,442,601     41,783,497




222    BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2018         2017
                                                                                     US$’000     US$’000

Net loss                                                                             (674,033)    (93,299)
Other comprehensive income, net of tax of nil:
Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                 (478)        851
Unrealized holding gain (loss), net                                                    2,133         (296)

Comprehensive loss                                                                   (672,378)    (92,744)

Less: comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (352)       (105)

Comprehensive loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                     (672,026)    (92,639)




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT    223
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                    Note         2018           2017
                                                                             US$’000        US$’000

Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss                                                                   (674,033)       (93,299)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
  net cash used in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                        10,388          4,758
  Share-based compensation expenses                                 21         87,127         42,863
  Acquired in-process research and development                       1         70,000                —
  Loss on disposal of property and equipment                                      126                85
  Non-cash interest expense                                                     7,820          7,035
  Deferred income tax benefits                                                 (21,949)        (5,845)
  Disposal gain on available-for-sale securities                                (1,948)           (44)
  Non-cash amortization of bond discount                                        (8,034)              —
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                          (11,628)      (29,428)
  Unbilled receivable                                                           7,695                —
  Inventories                                                                   (5,312)      (10,930)
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                    (46,302)      (28,880)
  Other non-current assets                                                     (40,228)      (29,701)
  Accounts payable                                                             23,470         55,298
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                          50,543         24,978
  Tax payable                                                                   (3,355)        7,426
  Deferred revenue                                                              (9,059)       37,041
  Other long-term liabilities                                                  16,962         31,395

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities                          (547,717)        12,752

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                          (70,283)      (46,374)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                                   (553)              —
  Payment for asset acquisition, net of cash acquired                4         (38,298)              —
  Payment for the acquisition of land use right                                     —        (12,354)
  Cash acquired in business combination, net of cash paid            4              —         19,916
  Purchases of investments                                                  (2,635,686)     (741,296)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of available-for-sale securities           2,177,207        423,789
  Purchase of in-process research and development                    1         (70,000)              —

Net cash used in investing activities                                        (637,613)      (356,319)




224    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                    Note                 2018         2017
                                                                                      US$’000     US$’000

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from public offering, net of underwriter discount         22               758,001     189,191
  Payment of public offering cost                                    22                   (414)        (674)
  Proceeds from public offering and HK IPO,
    net of underwriter discount                                      22               875,368             —
  Payment of public offering and HK IPO costs                        22                 (5,659)           —
  Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares, net of cost                 22                     —     149,928
  Proceeds from long-term loan                                       16                42,315             —
  Repayment of long-term loan                                                           (8,736)           —
  Proceeds from short-term loan                                                             —         2,470
  Repayment of short-term loan                                                              —       (2,470)
  Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest                                         —      14,527
  Proceeds from shareholder loan                                     17                     —     132,757
  Proceeds from option exercises                                                       29,662         4,627

Net cash provided by financing activities                                            1,690,537    490,356

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                            (4,096)       5,299

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                           501,111     152,088
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                        239,602      87,514

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                              740,713     239,602

Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                           712,937     239,602
  Short-term restricted cash                                                           14,544             —
  Long-term restricted cash                                                            13,232             —
  Income taxes paid                                                                    12,361      29,286
  Interest paid                                                                         2,209         1,260
  Non-cash activities:
  Discount provided on sale of ordinary shares
    for business combination                                                                —      23,606
  Acquisitions of equipment included in accounts payable                               22,105         2,215
  Purchase of in-process research and development
    included in accounts payable                                                       19,000             —
  Changes in operating assets and
    liabilities adjusted through accumulated deficit                                    2,291             —




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT     225
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                              Attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                                Additional                                                       Non-
                                                       Ordinary Shares              Paid-In Accumulated       Accumulated                  Controlling
                                                      Shares         Amount         Capital            OCI         Deficit       Total       Interests       Total
                                                                    US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000      US$’000        US$’000      US$’000

Balance at December 31, 2016                      515,833,609           52        591,213             (946)       (237,412)    352,907             —       352,907

Issuance of ordinary shares in secondary
  follow-on offering, net of transaction costs     36,851,750            4        188,513               —               —      188,517             —       188,517
Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares,
  net of cost                                      32,746,416            3        149,925               —               —      149,928             —       149,928
Discount on the sale of ordinary shares                    —             —         23,606               —               —       23,606             —        23,606
Contributions from shareholders (Note 9)                   —             —             —                —               —           —          14,527       14,527
Share-based compensation                                   —             —         42,863               —               —       42,863             —        42,863
Issuance of shares reserved for
  share option exercises                              787,571            —             —                —               —            —             —             —
Exercise of options                                 5,852,984            —          4,627               —               —         4,627            —          4,627
Other comprehensive income                                 —             —             —               466              —           466            89           555
Net loss                                                   —             —             —                —          (93,105)     (93,105)         (194)      (93,299)

Balance at December 31, 2017                      592,072,330           59      1,000,747             (480)       (330,517)    669,809         14,422      684,231

Adjustment to opening balance of equity                    —            —              —               263          (2,929)      (2,666)          375        (2,291)
Balance at January 1, 2018                        592,072,330           59      1,000,747             (217)       (333,446)    667,143         14,797      681,940
Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
  with follow-on public offering                  102,970,400           10        757,577               —               —      757,587             —       757,587
Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
  with global offering and HK IPO                  65,600,000            7        869,702               —               —      869,709             —       869,709
Issuance of shares reserved
  for share option exercises                        1,299,186            —             —                —               —            —              —            —
Share-based compensation                                   —             —         87,127               —               —        87,127             —        87,127
Exercise of options and release of RSUs            14,321,268            1         29,661               —               —        29,662             —        29,662
Other comprehensive income                                 —             —             —             1,743              —         1,743            (88)       1,655
Net loss                                                   —             —             —                —         (673,769)    (673,769)         (264)     (674,033)

Balance at December 31, 2018                      776,263,184           77      2,744,814            1,526      (1,007,215)   1,739,202        14,445     1,753,647




226         BEIGENE, LTD.                   •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


1.   ORGANIZATION

     BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) is a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and
     commercializing innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for the treatment of cancer.
     The Company’s internally-developed lead drug candidates are currently in late-stage clinical trials, and
     it is marketing three in-licensed drugs in China from which it has been generating product revenue since
     September 2017.

     The Company was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited
     liability on October 28, 2010. The Company completed an initial public offering (“IPO”) on the NASDAQ Global
     Select Market or the NASDAQ on February 8, 2016 and has completed subsequent follow-on public offerings
     and a sale of ordinary shares to Celgene Switzerland LLC (“Celgene Switzerland”) in a business development
     transaction, as described in Note 22, Shareholders’ Equity. On August 8, 2018, the Company completed an
     IPO on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) and a global follow-on public offering
     in which it raised approximately US$869,709 in net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and
     commissions and offering expenses. Effective August 8, 2018, the Company is dual-listed in both the United
     States and Hong Kong.

     As of December 31, 2018, the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                     Particulars of    Percentage of
                                     Place of Incorporation     Date of             issued/paid-in     Ownership by
     Name of Company                 and type of legal entity   Incorporation              capital     the Company     Principal Activities

     BeiGene 101                     Cayman Islands             August 30, 2012                 nil           100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                       research
     BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd.            Australia                  July 15, 2013               US$ 1             100%     Clinical trial activities
       (“BeiGene Australia”)                                                                                           in Australia
     BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd.     PRC, limited liability     January 24, 2011   US$ 46, 711,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
       (“BeiGene Beijing”)           company                                                                           research in the PRC
     BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.     PRC, limited liability     January 25, 2017             RMB               95%     Biologics manufacturing
       (“BeiGene Biologics”)         company                                         1,940,244,615                     in the PRC
     BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics     PRC, limited liability     March 3, 2017                RMB               95%     Biologics manufacturing
       Manufacturing Co., Ltd.       company                                          650,000,000                      in the PRC
       (“BeiGene Guangzhou
       Factory”)*
     BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.   PRC, limited liability     July 11, 2017      US$ 50,000,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
       (“BeiGene Guangzhou”)         company                                                                           research in the PRC




                                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •      2018    ANNUAL REPORT                        227
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


1.    ORGANIZATION (Continued)

                                                                                          Particulars of   Percentage of
                                         Place of Incorporation     Date of              issued/paid-in    Ownership by
      Name of Company                    and type of legal entity   Incorporation               capital    the Company     Principal Activities

      BeiGene (Hong Kong)                Hong Kong                  November 26, 2010            HKD 1            100%     Investment holding
          Co., Limited.                                                                                                    in Hong Kong
          (“BeiGene HK”)
      Beijing Innerway Bio-tech          PRC, limited               August 9, 2004       US$ 4,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
          Co., Ltd. (“Innerway”)         liability company                                                                 research and manufacturing
                                                                                                                           in the PRC
      BeiGene Ireland Limited            Republic of Ireland        August 11, 2017                  nil          100%     Clinical trial activities
          (“BeiGene Ireland”)
      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals            PRC, limited               April 14, 1999      RMB 3,800,000             100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
          (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.          liability company                                                                 research and manufacturing
          (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical                                                                                         in the PRC
          (Guangzhou)”)
      BeiGene Pharmaceutical             PRC, limited               December 15, 2009    US$ 1,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
          (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           liability company                                                                 consulting, marketing and
          (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical                                                                                         promotional services in the
          (Shanghai)”)                                                                                                     PRC
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.       PRC, limited               September 11, 2015 RMB 34,344,310              95%     Medical and pharmaceutical
          (“BeiGene Shanghai”)*          liability company                                                                 research in the PRC
      BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.         PRC, limited               April 9, 2015       US$ 19,000,000            100%     Medical and pharmaceutical
          (“BeiGene Suzhou”)             liability company                                                                 research and manufacturing
                                                                                                                           in the PRC
      BeiGene Switzerland GmbH           Switzerland                September 1, 2017      CHF 20,000             100%     Clinical trial activities and
          (“BeiGene Switzerland”)                                                                                          commercial in European
      BeiGene UK, Ltd.                   United Kingdom             December 14, 2018                nil          100%     Research, development,
          (“BeiGene UK”)                                                                                                   manufacture and
                                                                                                                           distribution or licensing of
                                                                                                                           pharmaceutical and related
                                                                                                                           products in European
      BeiGene USA, Inc.                  United States              July 8, 2015                 US$ 1            100%     Clinical trial activities in the
          (“BeiGene USA”)                                                                                                  United States

      *        Wholly-owned by BeiGene Biologics




228       BEIGENE, LTD.              •    2018         ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


     Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
     accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), including guidance with respect to annual financial information
     and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
     time (the “HK Listing Rules”). The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the
     Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances between the Company
     and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are eliminated upon consolidation.

     Noncontrolling interests are recognized to reflect the portion of the equity of subsidiaries which are not
     attributable, directly or indirectly, to the controlling shareholders. The Company consolidates its interests in
     its joint venture, BeiGene Biologics, under the voting model and recognizes the minority shareholder’s equity
     interest as a noncontrolling interest in its consolidated financial statements (as described in Note 9).


     Use of Estimates

     The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
     to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures
     of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
     revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include, but
     are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration in product
     sales and collaboration revenue arrangements, identifying separate accounting units and the standalone
     selling price of each performance obligation in the Company’s revenue arrangements, estimating the fair value
     of net assets acquired in business combinations, assessing the impairment of long-lived assets, share-based
     compensation expenses, realizability of deferred tax assets, estimating uncertain tax positions and the fair
     value of financial instruments. Management bases the estimates on historical experience, known trends and
     various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
     judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            229
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency

      The determination of the respective functional currency is based on the criteria of Accounting Standard
      Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters. The functional currency of the Company and all non-PRC
      subsidiaries is the United States dollar (“US$” or “U.S. dollar”). The Company’s PRC subsidiaries determined
      their functional currencies to be RMB. The Company uses the U.S. dollar as its reporting currency.


      Foreign currency translation

      For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
      rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, to translate the operating results and
      financial position to U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, respectively. Translation differences are recorded in
      accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity. Transactions denominated
      in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange
      rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities are
      remeasured at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange gains and losses are
      included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


      Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


      Cash and cash equivalents

      Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
      withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
      three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
      of money market funds are stated at fair value.


      Restricted cash

      Restricted cash consists of the secured deposits held in designated banks for issuance of letters of credit and
      import duty taxes, and cash deposits as security for long-term bank loans.




230     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Accounts Receivable

     Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of allowances for doubtful accounts.
     An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded when the collection of the full amount is no longer probable. In
     evaluating the collectability of receivable balances, the Company considers specific evidence including aging
     of the receivable, the customer’s payment history, its current creditworthiness and current economic trends.
     Accounts receivable are written off after all collection efforts have ceased. The Company regularly reviews the
     adequacy and appropriateness of any allowance for doubtful accounts. No allowance for doubtful accounts
     was recorded as of December 31, 2018.


     Inventory

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost determined on a weighted-
     average basis. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes down inventory that has
     become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable value and inventory
     in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The determination of whether inventory
     costs will be realizable requires estimates by management. If actual market conditions are less favorable than
     projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be required, which would be recorded in
     the consolidated statements of operations. There have been no write-downs or reserves against inventory to
     date.


     Short-Term Investments

     Investments with original maturities of greater than three months at the date of purchase and less than one
     year from the date of the balance sheet are classified as short-term. Short-term debt investments held to
     maturity are carried at amortized cost when the Company has the ability and positive intent to hold these
     securities until maturity. When the Company does not have the ability or positive intent to hold short-term
     debt investments until maturity, these securities are classified as available-for-sale. None of the Company’s
     fixed maturity securities met the criteria for held-to-maturity classification at December 31, 2018 and 2017.

     Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported
     in other comprehensive loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified as available-for-sale is
     adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is computed
     using the effective interest method and included in interest income. Interest and dividends are included in
     interest income.

     When the fair value of a debt security classified as available-for-sale is less than its amortized cost, the
     Company assesses whether or not: (i) it has the intent to sell the security or (ii) it is more likely than not that
     the Company will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions
     is met, the Company must recognize an other-than-temporary impairment through earnings for the difference
     between the debt security’s amortized cost basis and its fair value. No impairment losses were recorded for
     any periods presented.

     The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.



                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            231
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Property and Equipment

      Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is
      computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                       Useful Life

      Building                                                                         20 years
      Office Equipment                                                                 5 years
      Electronic Equipment                                                             3 years
      Manufacturing equipment                                                          3 to 10 years
      Laboratory Equipment                                                             3 to 5 years
      Computer Software                                                                3 to 5 years
      Leasehold Improvements                                                           Lesser of useful life or lease term


      Land Use Right, Net

      All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for a
      specified period of time. Land use rights represent lease prepayments to the PRC government and are carried
      at cost less accumulated amortization. Land use rights are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter
      of the estimated usage periods or the terms of the land use right.

      In 2017, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Guangzhou
      for the purpose of constructing and operating the biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou. The
      Guangzhou land use right is being amortized over the terms of the land use right, which is 50 years.

      In 2018, the Company acquired a second land use right in conjunction with the Innerway asset acquisition (see
      Note 4). The land use right is being amortized over the remaining term of the land use right, which is 36 years.




232     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Business Combinations

     The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in
     accordance with ASC topic 805 (“ASC 805”): Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting
     requires all of the following steps: (i) identifying the acquirer, (ii) determining the acquisition date, (iii)
     recognizing and measuring the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
     interest in the acquiree, and (iv) recognizing and measuring goodwill or a gain from a bargain purchase.
     The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured as the aggregate of the fair values at
     the date of exchange of the assets given, liabilities incurred, and equity instruments issued as well as the
     contingent considerations and all contractual contingencies as of the acquisition date.

     The costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets, liabilities and
     contingent liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair value as of the acquisition
     date, irrespective of the extent of any noncontrolling interests. The excess of (i) acquisition consideration,
     fair value of the noncontrolling interests and acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest
     in the acquiree over (ii) the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree, is recorded as goodwill. If
     the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is
     recognized directly in the consolidated statements of operations as a gain.

     The Company allocates the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
     assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of
     purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
     Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect
     to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets may include, but are not limited
     to, future expected cash flows from acquired assets, timing and probability of success of clinical events
     and regulatory approvals, and assumptions on useful lives and discount rates. Management’s estimates of
     fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and
     unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Additional information, such as that
     related to income tax and other contingencies, existing as of the acquisition date but unknown to us may
     become known during the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the acquisition
     date, which may result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded.

     Acquisitions that do not meet the accounting definition of a business combination are accounted for as asset
     acquisitions. For transactions determined to be asset acquisitions, the Company allocates the total cost of the
     acquisition, including transaction costs, to the net assets acquired based on their relative fair values.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            233
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

      Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a
      business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company allocates
      the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
      values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over the fair value of the
      net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized,
      but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would
      indicate a potential impairment.

      The Company has elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
      that the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The
      qualitative assessment includes the Company’s evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
      Company’s single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the Company’s
      overall financial performance, and trends in the market price of the Company’s ADSs. If qualitative factors
      indicate that it is more likely than not that the Company’s reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying
      amount, then the Company will perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the reporting unit’s
      carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
      its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended
      December 31, 2018, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of our goodwill.

      Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
      and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
      business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on
      their relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Acquired identifiable intangible assets consist of
      distribution rights for approved cancer therapies licensed from Celgene Corporation (“Celgene”), ABRAXANE®,
      REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA®, and its investigational agent CC-122, and are amortized on a straight-line basis
      over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is 10 years, and the trading license which represents
      the Guangzhou drug distribution license acquired on September 21, 2018 (see Note 4). The Company is
      amortizing the trading license over the remainder of the license term through February 2020.

      Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
      could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
      Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
      assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
      disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the
      assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the
      assets over their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be
      generated by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31,
      2018 and December 31, 2017, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its
      other intangible assets.




234     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

     Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
     disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
     indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
     carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, there was
     no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.


     Fair Value Measurements


     Fair value of financial instruments

     Financial instruments of the Company primarily include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term
     investments, accounts receivable, long-term bank loan, Shareholder Loan (as defined in Note 9) and accounts
     payable. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
     cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated their fair values due to the short-term maturity
     of these instruments. The short-term investments represented the available-for-sale debt securities and time
     deposits. The available-for-sale debt securities are recorded at fair value based on quoted prices in active
     markets with unrealized gain or loss recorded in other comprehensive loss. The long-term bank loan and
     Shareholder Loan approximate their fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate the
     rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities.

     The Company applies ASC topic 820 (“ASC 820”), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, in measuring
     fair value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires
     disclosures to be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
     which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:

     Level 1—Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
     markets.

     Level 2—Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.

     Level 3—Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.

     ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1)market
     approach; (2) income approach and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
     information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
     income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
     measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
     The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            235
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements


      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

      The following tables set forth assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December
      31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                                       Quoted Price
                                                                            in Active        Significant
                                                                          Market for              Other         Significant
                                                                            Identical       Observable      Unobservable
                                                                              Assets              Inputs              Inputs
                                                                             (Level 1)          (Level 2)            (Level 3)
      As of December 31, 2018                                                    US$                US$                 US$

      Short-term investment (Note 6):
        U.S. treasury securities                                           1,068,509                  —                    —
      Cash equivalents
        Money market funds                                                   159,810                  —                    —

      Total                                                                1,228,319                  —                    —


                                                                       Quoted Price
                                                                            in Active        Significant
                                                                          Market for               Other         Significant
                                                                            Identical       Observable       Unobservable
                                                                              Assets              Inputs              Inputs
                                                                             (Level 1)          (Level 2)            (Level 3)
      As of December 31, 2017                                                    US$                US$                 US$

      Short-term investment (Note 6):
        U.S. treasury securities                                             561,327                  —                    —
        U.S. agency securities                                                17,663                  —                    —
        Time deposits                                                         18,924                  —                    —
      Cash equivalents
        Money market funds                                                    44,730                  —                    —

      Total                                                                  642,644                  —                    —




236     BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition

     Effective January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 606, Revenue
     from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”) using the modified retrospective method. For further information
     regarding the impact of adoption, see Note 2 Recent Accounting Pronouncements.

     Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
     services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
     goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
     the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
     (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
     consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
     (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
     the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
     entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.

     Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
     the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
     obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
     allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            237
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Product revenue

      The Company’s product revenues are generated from the sale of ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA® to
      its product distributor in China. The distributor subsequently resells the products to second tier distributors
      who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients. The Company is the principal under
      the product sale as the Company controls the products with the ability to direct the use of, and obtain
      substantially all the remaining benefits from the products before they are sold to its first tier distributer.
      The Company has a single performance obligation which is to sell the products to its first tier distributer.
      The Company includes variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a
      significant reversal will not occur and estimates variable consideration from sales rebates and returns using
      the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when the single
      performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the first tier distributer. The Company’s payment terms are
      approximately 90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the Company’s
      estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the
      future vary from the Company’s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which would affect net
      product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.

      Rebates, including price compensation credits, are offered to distributors, consistent with pharmaceutical
      industry practices. The Company records a provision for rebates at the time of sale based on contracted
      rates and historical redemption rates. Assumptions used to establish the provision include the level of
      distributor inventories, sales volumes and contract pricing and estimated acceptance of government pricing
      or reimbursement amounts (such as provincial acceptance of the National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in
      the PRC). The Company regularly reviews the information related to these estimates and adjust the provision
      accordingly. To date, rebates have not been significant.

      The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as
      reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. If the
      historical data the Company uses to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a
      change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues
      in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in
      determining the current sales return allowance. To date, sales returns have not been significant.




238     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Collaboration revenue

     At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
     the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements
     involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
     exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
     collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
     determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
     are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
     of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
     is determined and applied consistently.

     In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
     agreements, the Company performs the five step model under ASC 606 noted above.

     The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
     obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
     development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
     return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
     assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
     identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
     Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
     of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
     each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
     good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
     received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
     customers.

     Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
     property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
     in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from non-
     refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
     licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.

     Research and Development Services: The portion of the transaction price allocated to research and
     development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
     as delivery or performance of such services occurs. R&D reimbursement revenue for revenue attributable
     to the clinical trials that Celgene has opted into is recognized as delivery or performance of such services
     occurs.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            239
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Collaboration revenue (Continued)

      Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
      the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
      amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
      significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
      price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
      phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
      generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
      is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
      Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
      included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
      and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
      period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
      process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
      obtained.

      Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
      the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
      Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
      obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


      Research and Development Expenses

      Research and development expenses represent costs associated with the collaborative arrangements, which
      primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
      and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
      technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
      supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
      provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
      research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
      incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
      alternative future uses.




240     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Research and Development Expenses (Continued)

     Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
     Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
     of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
     clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
     parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
     in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
     accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
     in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain. There were no material adjustments
     for a change in estimate to research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial
     statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.


     Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense

     The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments
     that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments,
     are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they
     are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would
     constitute a “business” as defined under U.S. GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for
     marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use. Milestone payments
     made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized
     over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales of the products
     licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are recognized.


     Government Grants

     Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
     Company are recognized as other non-operating income upon receipt. In the event government grants
     or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company will capitalize the payment as a
     liability and recognize the same financial statement caption as the performance obligation relates over the
     performance period.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            241
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Leases

      Leases are classified at the inception date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. The Company
      assesses a lease to be a capital lease if any of the following conditions exist: (a) ownership is transferred to
      the lessee by the end of the lease term, (b) there is a bargain purchase option, (c) the lease term is at least
      75% of the property’s estimated remaining economic life, or (d) the present value of the minimum lease
      payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the
      lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an
      occurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. The Company has no capital leases for the years
      presented.

      All other leases are accounted for as operating leases wherein rental payments are expensed on a straight-
      line basis over the periods of their respective lease terms. The Company leases office space, employee
      accommodation and manufactory space under operating lease agreements. Certain of the lease agreements
      contain rent holidays. Rent holidays are considered in determining the straight-line rent expense to be
      recorded over the lease term. The lease term begins on the date of initial possession of the lease property for
      purposes of recognizing lease expense on straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


      Comprehensive Loss

      Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions
      and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and
      distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, requires that all items
      that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss
      be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
      For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency
      translation adjustments and unrealized holding gains/losses associated with the available-for-sale securities,
      and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.




242     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Share-Based Compensation


     Awards granted to employees

     The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”), to account for its
     employee share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award
     should be classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-
     based awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements
     based on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using
     an option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
     market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has
     elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards
     granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost
     recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at
     that date. The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on
     performance conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of
     the share-based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.
     ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
     period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

     Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
     adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense
     is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share-based awards
     that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company revises these estimates in the future, the share-based
     payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company,
     with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the
     stock options granted to employees using the binomial option pricing model.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            243
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


      Awards granted to non-employees

      The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
      provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity. All transactions in which goods or services are received in
      exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the
      fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date of the
      fair value of the equity instrument issued is the date on which the counterparty’s performance is completed
      as there is no associated performance commitment. The expense is recognized in the same manner as if the
      Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50,
      Equity-based payments to non-employees. The Company estimated the fair value of share options granted to
      non-employees using the same method as employees.


      Modification of awards

      A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
      Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
      the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
      value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
      recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
      Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
      cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
      If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
      modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.




244     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Income Taxes

     The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
     assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
     bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
     differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
     some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

     In accordance with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2015-17, all deferred income tax assets and
     liabilities are classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets.

     The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which
     prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
     financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
     “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
     assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
     threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
     has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
     recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
     expense.


     Loss Per Share

     Loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. Basic loss per ordinary share
     is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of
     ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the two-class method,
     net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities based on dividends declared
     (or accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if all the earnings for the reporting
     period had been distributed. The Company’s restricted shares are participating securities because they have
     contractual rights to share in the profits of the Company.


     However, the restricted shares do not have contractual rights and obligations to share in the losses of the
     Company. For the periods presented herein, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-class
     method is not applicable as the Company is in a net loss position.


     Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders as adjusted
     for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number of ordinary and
     dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares consist of the
     ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares using the if-
     converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the share options and unvested
     restricted shares, using the treasury stock method.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            245
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Loss Per Share (Continued)

      Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
      be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Company’s consolidated
      statements of operations.


      Segment Information

      In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting, the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
      Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
      and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
      segment. The Company does not distinguish between markets or segments for the purpose of internal
      reporting.


      Concentration of Risks


      Concentration of credit risk

      Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and
      short-term investments. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
      represent the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, US$712,937
      and US$239,602 were deposited with various major reputable financial institutions located in the PRC and
      international financial institutions outside of the PRC. The deposits placed with financial institutions are
      not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial
      institutions, the Company may be unlikely to claim its deposits back in full. Management believes that these
      financial institutions are of high credit quality and continually monitors the credit worthiness of these financial
      institutions. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had short-term investments amounting to
      US$1,068,509 and US$597,914, respectively.

      At December 31, 2018, the Company’s short-term investments were comprised of U.S. treasury securities.
      The Company believes that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit
      worthiness of these institutions.


      Customer concentration risk

      For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, substantially all of the Company’s revenue was from
      Celgene and our product distributor in China.




246     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks (Continued)


     Business, customer, political, social and economic risks

     The Company participates in a dynamic biopharmaceutical industry and believes that changes in any of the
     following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of
     operations or cash flows: changes in the overall demand for services and products; competitive pressures due
     to new entrants; advances and new trends in new drugs and industry standards; changes in clinical research
     organizations, contract manufacturers and other key vendors; changes in certain strategic relationships or
     customer relationships; regulatory considerations; intellectual property considerations; and risks associated
     with the Company’s ability to attract and retain employees necessary to support its growth. The Company’s
     operations could be also adversely affected by significant political, economic and social uncertainties in the
     PRC.


     Currency convertibility risk

     A significant portion of the Company’s expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On January
     1, 1994, the PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as
     quoted daily by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). However, the unification of the exchange rates
     does not imply that the RMB may be readily convertible into U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies. All foreign
     exchange transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and
     sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by
     the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices,
     shipping documents and signed contracts.

     Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international
     economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading
     system market.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            247
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Concentration of Risks (Continued)


      Foreign currency exchange rate risk

      From July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of
      certain foreign currencies. For RMB against U.S. dollar, there was depreciation of approximately 5.7%, and
      appreciation of approximately 6.5%, in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. It is difficult to predict
      how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and
      the U.S. dollar in the future.

      To the extent that the Company needs to convert U.S. dollar into RMB for capital expenditures and working
      capital and other business purposes, appreciation of RMB against U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect
      on the RMB amount the Company would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if the Company decides to
      convert RMB into U.S. dollar for the purpose of making payments for dividends on ordinary shares, strategic
      acquisitions or investments or other business purposes, appreciation of U.S. dollar against RMB would have
      a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to the Company. In addition, a significant depreciation of
      the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Company’s earnings
      or losses.




248     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements


     New accounting standards which have been adopted

     In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU No. 2014-9, Revenue from
     Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), or ASU 2014-9. Subsequently, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
     Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which adjusted the effective date of ASU 2014-9; ASU
     No. 2016-8, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
     (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net), which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance
     and illustrations in ASU 2014-9; ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
     Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which clarifies identifying performance obligations
     and licensing implementation guidance and illustrations in ASU 2014-9; ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from
     Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which
     addresses implementation issues and is intended to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the new
     revenue standard in ASU 2014-9; ASU No. 2017-13, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), Revenue from
     Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Leases (Topic 840), and Leases (Topic 842): Amendments to SEC
     Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff Announcement at the July 20, 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission of Prior
     SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments (SEC Update), which codifies recent announcements
     by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, staff; and ASU No. 2017-14, Income Statement—
     Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), and Revenue from
     Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (SEC Update), which adds ASC 606-10-S25-1 as a result of SEC
     Release 33-10403, or collectively, the Revenue ASUs. The Revenue ASUs provide an accounting standard
     for a single comprehensive model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers,
     and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. The accounting standard is effective for interim
     and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with an option to early adopt for interim and annual
     periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The guidance permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively
     to each prior reporting period presented (the full retrospective method), or retrospectively with the cumulative
     effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the modified retrospective
     method). On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted the new standard using the modified retrospective
     method.

     The impact to the Company on adoption of the Revenue ASUs relates to variable consideration related
     to its collaboration agreement with Celgene Corporation (“Celgene”) and the anticipated opt-in to certain
     clinical trials that are to be run by the Company, and funded by Celgene. Under Topic 605, even though the
     Company believed it was probable that the performance obligation related to the variable consideration would
     be satisfied as of December 31, 2017, the variable consideration was not realizable because formal notice
     had not been received. Upon its adoption of the Revenue ASUs, the Company determined it was probable
     that Celgene would opt-in to the clinical trials as of December 31, 2017 such that the variable consideration
     was not constrained, and therefore, the related revenue would have been recognized. In March 2018, the
     Company obtained formal notice of opt-in by Celgene.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            249
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


      New accounting standards which have been adopted (Continued)

      The Company recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the new revenue standard as an
      adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. The comparative information has not been restated
      and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. The cumulative
      effect of the changes made to the Company’s consolidated January 1, 2018 balance sheet for the adoption
      of ASU 2014-9 resulted in an increase of US$16,307 to both unbilled receivables and the opening balance of
      accumulated deficit. Please refer to the “Adoption of New Accounting Standards” section below for a tabular
      presentation of the impact.

      In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of
      Assets Other Than Inventory, which requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-
      entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. The Company adopted ASU 2016-
      16 during the first quarter of 2018 using the modified retrospective adoption method. In 2017, BeiGene HK’s
      contribution of BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Biologics (and subsequent receipt of a related government
      grant) resulted in tax expenses US$28,588, which were reflected as other non-current assets in the
      Company’s December 31, 2017 balance sheet. The related government subsidy of US$9,990, which was
      received in 2017, was reflected as other long-term liabilities in the Company’s December 31, 2017 balance
      sheet. The adoption of this accounting standard resulted in an adjustment to beginning accumulated deficit
      for both of these items. In addition, the Company has now established a deferred tax asset resulting from a
      previous transfer of intellectual property to one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. This deferred tax asset is
      entirely offset by a corresponding valuation allowance and therefore did not result in a change to beginning
      accumulated deficit. Please refer to the “Adoption of New Accounting Standards” section below for a tabular
      presentation of the impact.

      In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash, which
      requires entities to present the aggregate changes in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted
      cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result, the statement of cash flows will be required to
      present restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents as a part of the beginning and ending balances of
      cash and cash equivalents. The updated guidance became effective on January 1, 2018, and resulted in the
      presentation of restricted cash of US$27,776 within the ending cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
      balance on the Company’s consolidated statement of cash flows.

      In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-9, Compensation – Stock Compensation: Scope of Modification
      Accounting. This standard provides clarity and reduces both (1) diversity in practice and (2) cost and
      complexity when applying the guidance in Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, to a change to the
      terms or conditions of a share-based payment award. The updated guidance became effective on January 1,
      2018, and there was no material impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.




250     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


     New accounting standards which have been adopted (Continued)

     In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-7, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
     to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This update expands the scope of Topic 718 to include
     share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. This update also
     specifies that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods
     or services to be used or consumed in a grantor’s own operations by issuing share-based payment awards.
     This update is effective in fiscal years, including interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early
     adoption is permitted, but no earlier than an entity’s adoption date of Topic 606. The Company elected to
     early adopt this ASU during the quarter ended September 30, 2018, and there was no material impact to the
     Company’s consolidated financial statements.


     Impact of adopted accounting standards

     The cumulative effect of changes made to the Company’s consolidated January 1, 2018 balance sheet for the
     adoption of the revenue ASUs and ASU 2016-16 were as follows:


                                                     Balance at       Adjustments         Adjustments          Balance at
                                                  December 31,               Due to             Due to         January 1,
                                                            2017     Revenue ASUs        ASU 2016-16                  2018
                                                             US$                US$                US$                US$

     Assets:
       Unbilled receivable                                     —             16,307                  —              16,307
       Other non-current assets                           42,915                  —             (28,588)            14,327
     Liabilities:
       Other long-term liabilities                        31,959                  —              (9,990)            21,969
     Equity:
       Accumulated other
          comprehensive loss                                 (480)                —                 263               (217)
       Accumulated deficit                              (330,517)            16,307             (19,236)          (333,446)
       Noncontrolling interest                            14,422                  —                 375             14,797




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            251
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted

      In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-2, Leases. Subsequently, the FASB issued ASU 2018-
      1, Land Easement Practical Expedient, which provides an optional transition practical expedient for land
      easements, ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases, which clarifies certain aspects
      of the guidance issued in ASU 2016-2; ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements, which
      provides an additional transition method and a practical expedient for separating components of a contract
      for lessors, and ASU 2018-20, Leases (Topic 842)- Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors, which allows
      certain accounting policy elections for lessors (collectively, the “Lease ASUs”). The Lease ASUs require
      lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to lease arrangements longer than 12 months on the
      balance sheet. This standard also requires additional disclosures by lessees and contains targeted changes
      to accounting by lessors. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
      December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. Leases will be classified as finance or operating, with the
      classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition. The recognition, measurement,
      and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee have not significantly changed
      from previous U.S. GAAP. A modified retrospective transition approach is required, applying the new standard
      to all leases existing at the date of initial adoption. The guidance permits entities to choose to use either its
      effective date or the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial
      application.

      The Company will adopt the new standard effective January 1, 2019 using the effective date method and
      will not restate comparative periods. The Company will elect the package of practical expedients permitted
      under the transition guidance within the new standard, which permits the Company not to reassess under
      the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs.
      On adoption, we currently expect to recognize additional operating liabilities ranging from US$25,000 to
      US$30,000, with corresponding right-of-use (ROU) assets of the same amount based on the present value of
      the remaining minimum rental payments under existing operating leases. Additionally, the Company expects
      to reclassify its land use rights of US$45,058 to ROU assets upon adoption.

      In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (“ASU 2016-13”).
      The amendments in ASU 2016-13 update guidance on reporting credit losses for financial assets. These
      amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance sheet
      credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that
      have the contractual right to receive cash. For public business entities that are U.S. SEC filers, ASU 2016-13
      is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
      The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.




252     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted (Continued)

     In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-2, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic
     220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This update
     allows companies the option to reclassify to retained earnings the tax effects related to items in accumulated
     other comprehensive income (loss) as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted in the United
     States on December 22, 2017. This update is effective in fiscal years, including interim periods, beginning
     after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. This guidance should be applied either in the period
     of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which the effects of the change in the U.S. federal income
     tax rate in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is recognized. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a
     material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

     In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework-
     Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The update eliminates, modifies, and
     adds certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. This update is effective in fiscal years,
     including interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. The added
     disclosure requirements and the modified disclosure on the narrative description of measurement uncertainty
     should be applied prospectively for only the most recent interim or annual period presented. All other changes
     to disclosure requirements in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented upon their
     effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this
     guidance.

     In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software
     (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing
     Arrangement That Is a Service Contract. This update requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement
     that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance in ASC 350-40 to determine which
     implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset. This update is effective in fiscal years, including
     interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. This guidance should be
     applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption.
     The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.

     In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-18, Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808): Clarifying
     the Interaction between Topic 808 and Topic 606. This update clarifies that certain transactions between
     participants in a collaborative arrangement should be accounted for under ASC 606 when the counterparty
     is a customer and precludes an entity from presenting consideration from a transaction in a collaborative
     arrangement as revenue from contracts with customers if the counterparty is not a customer for that
     transaction. The update is effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods
     therein, and early adoption is permitted for entities that have adopted ASC 606. This guidance should be
     applied retrospectively to the date of initial application of Topic 606. The Company is currently evaluating the
     impact on its financial statements of adopting this guidance.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            253
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


3.    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COLLABORATIVE ARRANGEMENTS

      To date, the Company’s collaboration revenue has consisted of (1) upfront license fees, research and
      development reimbursement revenue, and research and development services revenue from its collaboration
      agreement with Celgene on the Company’s investigational anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (“PD-1”)
      inhibitor, tislelizumab, and (2) upfront license fees and milestone payments from its collaboration agreement
      with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany on pamiparib and lifirafenib.

      The following table summarizes total collaboration revenue recognized for the years ended December 31,
      2018 and 2017:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      License revenue                                                                                 —              211,391
      Reimbursement of research and development costs                                            56,776                   —
      Research and development service revenue                                                   10,559                2,568

      Total                                                                                      67,335              213,959



      Celgene and Celgene Switzerland

      On July 5, 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement with Celgene Switzerland pursuant to which
      the Company granted to the Celgene parties an exclusive right to develop and commercialize the Company’s
      investigational PD-1 inhibitor, tislelizumab, in all fields of treatment, other than hematology, in the United
      States, Europe, Japan and the rest of world other than Asia (the “PD-1 License Agreement”). In connection
      with the closing of the transactions on August 31, 2017, the Company, Celgene and Celgene Switzerland
      amended and restated the PD-1 License Agreement (the “A&R PD-1 License Agreement”) to, among other
      things, clarify the parties’ responsibilities relating to the conducting and funding of certain global registration
      clinical trials and clarify the scope of the regulatory materials transferred by BeiGene to Celgene.

      Under the terms of the A&R PD-1 License Agreement, Celgene agreed to pay the Company US$263,000 in
      upfront non-refundable fees, of which US$92,050 was paid in the third quarter of 2017 and the remaining
      US$170,950 was paid in December 2017. In addition, subsequent to the completion of the research and
      development phase of the collaboration, the Company may be eligible to receive product development
      milestone payments based on the successful achievement of development and regulatory goals, commercial
      milestone payments based on the successful achievement of commercialization goals, and royalty payments
      based on a predetermined percentage of Celgene and Celgene Switzerland’s aggregate annual net sales of all
      products in their territory for a period not to exceed the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim,
      the expiration of regulatory exclusivity or 12 years from the date of the first commercial sale on a product-by-
      product and country-by-country basis. The Company allocated US$13,000 of upfront fees to the fair value
      of assets related to the Company’s acquisition of Celgene Shanghai, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene
      Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of China, which was completed contemporaneously
      with the A&R PD-1 License Agreement.




254     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


3.   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COLLABORATIVE ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)

     Celgene and Celgene Switzerland (Continued)

     In addition to the exclusive right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab, the terms of the A&R PD-1
     License Agreement provide Celgene with the right to collaborate with the Company on the development
     of tislelizumab for specified indications, including required participation on a joint development committee
     and a joint steering committee as well as a joint commercialization committee upon achievement of
     commercialization. The joint development and joint steering committees are formed by an equal number
     of representatives from the Company and Celgene and are responsible for reviewing and approving the
     development plan and budget for the development of tislelizumab for clinical studies associated with specified
     indications. Celgene will reimburse the Company for certain research and development costs at a cost plus
     agreed upon markup for the development of tislelizumab related to the clinical trials that Celgene opts into, as
     outlined in the development plan.

     Under ASC 606, the Company identified the following deliverables of the collaboration agreement as
     distinct performance obligations: (a) the license provided to Celgene for the exclusive right to develop and
     commercialize tislelizumab, in all fields of treatment, other than hematology, in the United States, Europe,
     Japan and the rest of world other than Asia (“the license”); and (b) the research and development services
     provided to Celgene to develop tislelizumab within specified indications (“R&D services”). For each deliverable,
     the Company determined the stand-alone selling price and allocated the non-constrained consideration of
     US$250,000 to the units of accounting using the relative selling price method. The consideration allocated to
     the license was recognized upon transfer of the license to Celgene at contract inception and the consideration
     allocated to the R&D services will be recognized over the term of the respective clinical studies for the
     specified indications.

     The payments associated with the defined developmental, regulatory, and commercialization goals are
     variable consideration and were fully constrained at contract inception. The Company assesses whether
     the variable consideration is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances
     surrounding the achievement of milestones. Upon changes to constraint associated with the milestones,
     variable consideration will be included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue
     recognized is not expected to occur and allocated to the separate performance obligations. No revenue was
     recognized related to the milestones for the year ended December 31, 2018.

     For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recognized collaboration revenue of US$65,835
     related to the Celgene collaboration. The Company recognized US$56,776 of research and development
     reimbursement revenue for the year ended December 31,2018 for the trials that Celgene has opted into. In
     addition, US$16,307 of reimbursement that was billed to Celgene was included as an adjustment to beginning
     accumulated deficit. The Company recognized research and development services revenue of US$9,059 for
     the year ended December 31, 2018, which reflects the recognition of upfront consideration that was allocated
     to R&D services at the time of the collaboration and is recognized from deferred revenue over the term of the
     respective clinical studies for the specified indications.

     For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recognized US$211,391 as license revenue
     within collaboration revenue in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations, and research and
     development revenue of US$1,568 allocated from deferred revenue related to the Celgene collaboration.



                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            255
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


3.    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COLLABORATIVE ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)

      Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany

      In 2013, the Company entered into a license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for lifirafenib,
      which was amended and restated in 2013 and 2015, in which it granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
      an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and, in certain circumstances, commercialize lifirafenib outside
      of the PRC, and Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany granted the Company an exclusive license to develop,
      manufacture and commercialize lifirafenib in the PRC (the “PRC Territory”). In March 2017, the Company
      regained the worldwide rights to lifirafenib after Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany informed the Company that
      it would not exercise a continuation option, and thus, the ex-PRC portion of the agreements terminated in their
      entirety, except for certain provisions that survived the termination. In December 2018, the Company received
      notice from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany was terminating the
      PRC portion of the agreement. As a result of the termination, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany’s exclusive
      right of first negotiation to acquire exclusive commercialization rights under the lifirafenib RAF dimer program
      in the PRC was terminated and the Company is no longer required to pay Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
      royalties on sales of lifirafenib in the PRC or entitled to receive future milestone payments from Merck KGaA,
      Darmstadt Germany for lifirafenib.

      In 2013, the Company also entered into a license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
      for pamiparib, in which it granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany an exclusive license to develop,
      manufacture, and, in certain circumstances, commercialize pamiparib outside of the PRC, and Merck KGaA,
      Darmstadt Germany granted the Company an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
      pamiparib in the PRC Territory. On October 1, 2015, the Company entered into a purchase of rights
      agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, pursuant to which the Company purchased from Merck
      KGaA, Darmstadt Germany all of its exclusive rights to pamiparib in the ex-PRC territories for consideration of
      US$10,000, and reduced the future milestone payments the Company was eligible to receive under the PRC
      license agreement.

      In December 2017, the Company achieved the milestone for dosing a patient in the first Phase 2 clinical trial
      of pamiparib in the PRC Territory, and the related US$1,000 milestone payment received in January 2018,
      was recognized as research and development services revenue in year ended December 31, 2017.

      In May 2018, the Company achieved the milestone for dosing patients in the first Phase 3 clinical trial of
      pamiparib in the PRC Territory, and the related US$1,500 milestone payment was recognized as research and
      development services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018. No other milestones were achieved
      prior to the termination of the agreement.

      On December 17, 2018, the Company entered into a letter agreement for the Company to buy back the PRC
      commercialization option for pamiparib it had granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany under the license
      agreement for initial consideration of US$19,000. The payment was charged to research and development
      expense as incurred, as the PRC commercialization option has no alternative future use. As a result of
      the letter agreement, the license agreement was terminated as of December 31, 2018 and Merck KGaA,
      Darmstadt Germany was relieved of any future milestone obligations.




256     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


3.   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COLLABORATIVE ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)

     Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany (Continued)

     As a result of the foregoing termination agreements and notices, as of December 31, 2018, the Company’s
     license agreements with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for lifirafenib and pamiparib have been terminated
     in their entirety.


     Zymeworks, Inc.

     On November 26, 2018, the Company and Zymeworks entered into collaboration and license agreements
     whereby the Company acquired licenses to develop and commercialize Zymeworks’ clinical-stage bispecific
     antibody candidate ZW25 and its preclinical-stage bispecific antibody drug conjugate (ADC) ZW49 in
     Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. In addition, Zymeworks granted BeiGene a license to
     Zymeworks’ proprietary Azymetric and EFECT platforms to develop and commercialize globally up to three
     other bispecific antibodies using the platforms.

     Under the collaboration agreements BeiGene will be responsible for all clinical development and regulatory
     submissions in the licensed territories. BeiGene and Zymeworks have also agreed to collaborate on global
     development of ZW25 and ZW49 in HER2 expressing solid tumors, including gastric and breast cancer,
     with BeiGene enrolling patients and contributing clinical trial data from the licensed territories. Zymeworks
     retains full rights to both ZW25 and ZW49 outside of the specified countries and will continue to lead global
     development of these drug candidates.

     Under the terms of the license and collaboration agreements for ZW49 and ZW25, Zymeworks received total
     upfront payments of US$40,000 and is eligible to receive up to an aggregate of US$390,000 in development
     and commercial milestone payments for both product candidates. In addition, Zymeworks will be eligible to
     receive tiered royalties on future sales of ZW25 and ZW49 in the licensed territory.

     Under the terms of the research and license agreement for the Azymetric and EFECT platforms, Zymeworks
     received an upfront payment of US$20,000 and is eligible to receive up to an aggregate of US$702,000 in
     development and commercial milestone payments for up to three bispecific product candidates developed
     under the agreement. In addition, Zymeworks will be eligible to receive tiered royalties on future global sales
     of bispecific products developed by BeiGene under the agreement.

     The licenses do not have alternative future uses and the upfront payments totaling US$60,000 were expensed
     to research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 in accordance with the
     Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy. No milestone payments were
     accrued as of December 31, 2018.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            257
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


4.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS


      Celgene Shanghai

      On August 31, 2017, BeiGene HK acquired 100% of the equity interests of Celgene Shanghai, a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of the PRC. Celgene Shanghai
      is in the business of, among other things, providing marketing and promotional services in connection
      with certain pharmaceutical products manufactured by Celgene. The name of Celgene Shanghai has been
      changed to BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai).

      On July 5, 2017, BeiGene and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene, Celgene Logistics Sàrl (“Celgene
      Logistics”), entered into a license agreement pursuant to which BeiGene has been granted the right to
      exclusively distribute and promote Celgene’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and
      VIDAZA®, and its investigational agent CC-122 in clinical development (the “Distribution Rights”), in China
      excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (the “Chinese License Agreement”). The China License Agreement
      became effective on August 31, 2017 contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition of Celgene
      Shanghai and the A&R PD-1 License Agreement.

      The Company evaluated the acquisition of the Celgene Shanghai equity and the distribution rights acquired
      under ASU No. 2017-1, Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business. Because substantially
      all of the value of the acquisition did not relate to a similar group of assets and the business contained both
      inputs and processes necessary to manage products and provide economic benefits directly to its owners, it
      was determined that the acquisition represents a business combination. Therefore, the transaction has been
      accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. This method requires that assets acquired and
      liabilities assumed in a business combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date.


      Share subscription agreement

      On August 31, 2017, the Company issued 32,746,416 of its ordinary shares to Celgene Switzerland for an
      aggregate purchase price of US$150,000, or US$4.58 per ordinary share, or US$59.55 per ADS, pursuant to a
      subscription agreement dated July 5, 2017 by and between the Company and Celgene Switzerland (the “Share
      Subscription Agreement”). See Note 22 for further discussion of the Share Subscription Agreement.




258     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


4.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)


     Determination of purchase price

     The purchase price of Celgene Shanghai was calculated as US$28,138, and was comprised of cash
     consideration of US$4,532 and non-cash consideration of US$23,606, related to the discount on ordinary
     shares issued to Celgene in connection with the Share Subscription Agreement. The discount was a result of
     the increase in fair value of the Company’s shares between the fixed price of US$59.55 per ADS in the Share
     Subscription Agreement and the fair value per ADS as of the date of issuance, August 31, 2017. The following
     summarizes the purchase price in the business combination.

                                                                                                                Purchase
                                                                                                                     Price
                                                                                                                      US$

     Cash paid to acquire Celgene Shanghai                                                                           4,532
     Discount on Share Subscription Agreement                                                                       23,606

     Total purchase price                                                                                           28,138



     Purchase price allocation

     The following table summarizes the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

                                                                                                                  Amount
                                                                                                                      US$

     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      24,448
     Other current assets                                                                                              518
     Property and equipment, net                                                                                       204
     Intangible assets                                                                                               7,500
     Deferred tax asset                                                                                              1,069

     Total identifiable assets                                                                                      33,739

     Current liabilities                                                                                            (5,710)

     Total liabilities assumed                                                                                      (5,710)
     Goodwill                                                                                                          109

     Total fair value of consideration transferred                                                                  28,138


     The goodwill resulting from the business combination is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce
     of the acquired business. The goodwill attributable to the business combination is not deductible for tax
     purposes.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            259
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


4.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)


      Purchase price allocation (Continued)

      The following summarizes the business combination as presented on the statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                                     Amount
                                                                                                                        US$

      Investing activities
      Cash acquired                                                                                                  24,448
      Cash paid to acquire Celgene Shanghai                                                                           (4,532)

        Cash acquired in business combination, net of cash paid                                                      19,916

      Non-cash activities
      Discount provided on sale of ordinary shares for business combination                                          (23,606)



      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.

      On September 21, 2018, BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou”) acquired 100% of the
      equity interests of Baiji Shenzhou (Guangzhou) Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Huajian
      Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.), which subsequently changed its name to BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou)
      Co., Ltd., a pharmaceutical distribution company, for total cash consideration of US$612, including
      transaction costs of US$59. The acquisition was concentrated in a single identifiable asset, a drug distribution
      license, and thus the Company has concluded that the transaction is an asset acquisition as it does not meet
      the accounting definition of a business combination. The total cost was allocated to the drug distribution
      license and corresponding deferred tax liability, resulting in a US$816 intangible asset for the license and a
      deferred tax liability of US$204.


      Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co., Ltd.

      On October 4, 2018, BeiGene HK completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interest of Beijing Innerway
      Bio-tech Co., Ltd., the owner of the Company’s research, development and office facility in Changping,
      Beijing, China, for total cash consideration of US$38,654. The acquisition was concentrated in a single
      identifiable asset or group of assets, the building and associated land use right, and thus the Company has
      concluded that the transaction is an asset acquisition as it does not meet the accounting definition of a
      business combination. The total cost of the transaction of US$38,865, which includes transaction costs of
      US$211, was allocated based on the relative fair values of the net assets acquired, as follows:

                                                                                                                     Amount
                                                                                                                        US$

      Land use right                                                                                                 33,783
      Building                                                                                                       15,874
      Deferred tax liability                                                                                         (11,221)
      Other                                                                                                             429

      Total cost                                                                                                     38,865



260     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


5.   RESTRICTED CASH

     The Company’s restricted cash balance of US$27,776 as of December 31, 2018 consisted of BeiGene
     Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.’s (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s”) secured deposits held in
     designated bank accounts for issuance of a letter of credit and import duty tax and restricted cash deposits
     as security for the long-term bank loan (Note 16).


6.   SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

     Short-term investments as of December 31, 2018 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:

                                                                                Gross              Gross          Fair Value
                                                        Amortized          Unrealized         Unrealized      (Net Carrying
                                                              Cost              Gains             Losses            Amount)
                                                               US$                US$                US$                US$

     U.S. treasury securities                           1,066,770               1,802                  63         1,068,509

     Total                                              1,066,770               1,802                  63         1,068,509


     Short-term investments as of December 31, 2017 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities
     and time deposits:

                                                                                Gross              Gross          Fair Value
                                                        Amortized          Unrealized         Unrealized       (Net Carrying
                                                              Cost              Gains             Losses            Amount)
                                                               US$                US$                US$                US$

     U.S. treasury securities                              561,733                  —                 406           561,327
     U.S. agency securities                                 17,651                  12                 —              17,663
     Time deposits                                          18,924                  —                  —              18,924

     Total                                                 598,308                  12                406           597,914


     The Company does not consider the investments in U.S. treasury securities to be other-than-temporarily
     impaired at December 31, 2018.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            261
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


7.    ACCOUNTS AND UNBILLED RECEIVABLES

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

      Accounts receivable                                                                        41,056              29,428
      Impairment                                                                                      —                  —

      Total                                                                                      41,056              29,428


      The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit period is generally three
      months. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances
      are regularly reviewed. In view of the fact that the Group’s accounts receivable substantially relate to a limited
      number of customers, there is a concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other
      credit enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

      An aging analysis of the trade receivables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

      Within 3 months                                                                            41,056              18,907
      3 months to 6 months                                                                            —              10,521

      Total                                                                                      41,056              29,428


      No allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

      Unbilled receivable represented opt-in R&D revenue from Celgene not yet invoiced at December 31, 2018.

      An aging analysis of the unbilled receivable is as follows:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

      Within 3 months                                                                              8,612                 —




262     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


8.   INVENTORIES

     The Company’s inventory balance of US$16,242 and US$10,930 as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
     respectively, consisted entirely of finished goods product purchased from Celgene for distribution in the PRC.


9.   MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU

     On March 7, 2017, BeiGene HK, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Guangzhou GET Technology
     Development Co., Ltd. (“GET”), entered into a definitive agreement to establish a commercial scale biologics
     manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, PRC.

     On March 7, 2017, BeiGene HK and GET entered into an Equity Joint Venture Contract (the “JV Agreement”).
     Under the terms of the JV Agreement, BeiGene HK made an initial cash capital contribution of RMB200,000
     and a subsequent contribution of one or more biologics assets in exchange for a 95% equity interest in
     BeiGene Biologics. GET made a cash capital contribution of RMB100,000 to BeiGene Biologics, representing
     a 5% equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. In addition, on March 7, 2017, BeiGene Biologics entered into
     a contract with GET, under which GET agreed to provide a RMB900,000 loan (the “Shareholder Loan”) to
     BeiGene Biologics (see Note 17). BeiGene Biologics is working to establish a biologics manufacturing facility
     in Guangzhou, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, the BeiGene Guangzhou Factory, to manufacture biologics
     for the Company and its subsidiaries.

     On April 11, 2017, BeiGene HK, GET and BeiGene Biologics amended the JV Agreement and the capital
     contribution agreement, among other things, to adjust the capital contribution schedules and adjust the
     initial term of the governing bodies and a certain management position. On April 13, 2017 and May 4, 2017,
     BeiGene HK made cash capital contributions of RMB137,830 and RMB2,415, respectively, into BeiGene
     Biologics. The remainder of the cash capital contribution from BeiGene HK to BeiGene Biologics will be paid
     by April 10, 2020. On April 14, 2017, GET made cash capital contributions of RMB100,000 into BeiGene
     Biologics. On April 14, 2017, BeiGene Biologics drew down the Shareholder Loan of RMB900,000 from GET (as
     further described in Note 17).

     In the fourth quarter of 2017, BeiGene HK and BeiGene Biologics entered into an Equity Transfer
     Agreement to transfer 100% of the equity interest of BeiGene Shanghai into BeiGene Biologics. The transfer
     consideration for the purchased interests under this Equity Transfer Agreement is the fair value of the 100%
     equity of BeiGene Shanghai appraised by a qualified Chinese valuation firm under the laws of the PRC. Upon
     the transfer of equity in BeiGene Shanghai, BeiGene HK’s equity interest in BeiGene Shanghai became 95%.
     As of December 31, 2018, the Company and GET held 95% and 5% equity interests in BeiGene Biologics,
     respectively.

     As of December 31, 2018, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term
     investments included US$149,069 of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments
     held by BeiGene Biologics to be used to build the commercial scale biologics facility and to fund research and
     development of the Company’s biologics drug candidates in China.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            263
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


10. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

      Property and equipment are recorded at cost and consisted of the following:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Laboratory equipment                                                                       22,636              15,596
      Leasehold improvements                                                                     18,048              15,298
      Building                                                                                   15,857                   —
      Manufacturing equipment                                                                    16,048              15,737
      Office equipment                                                                             2,216              1,597
      Electronic equipment                                                                         1,229              1,244
      Computer software                                                                            1,262                598

      Property and equipment, at cost                                                            77,296              50,070
      Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                             (19,722)            (13,627)
      Construction in progress                                                                   99,487              26,125

      Property and equipment, net                                                               157,061              62,568


      Construction in progress as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 of US$99,487 and US$26,125, respectively,
      primarily related to the buildout of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility. Depreciation expense for the years
      ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were US$9,000 and US$4,340, respectively.


11. LAND USE RIGHTS

      The land use rights represent the land acquired for constructing and operating the biologics manufacturing
      facility in Guangzhou, and the land acquired in 2018 for the Company’s research, development and office
      facility in Changping, Beijing (Note 4). The land use rights are amortized over the remaining term of the rights.

      The land use rights assets as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 are summarized as follows:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Land use rights, cost                                                                      45,701              12,633
      Accumulated amortization                                                                      (643)               (168)

      Land use rights, net                                                                       45,058              12,465


      Amortization expense of the land use rights for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was US$494
      and US$168, respectively.

      As of December 31, 2018, expected amortization expense for the land use rights is approximately US$1,181
      in 2019, US$1,181 in 2020, US$1,181 in 2021, US$1,181 in 2022, US$1,181 in 2023 and US$39,153 in 2024
      and thereafter.




264     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

   Intangible assets as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 are summarized as follows:

                                            December 31, 2018                             December 31, 2017
                                      Gross                                          Gross
                                    carrying Accumulated         Intangible         carrying Accumulated       Intangible
                                    amount     amortization     assets, net         amount    amortization    assets, net
                                        US$            US$             US$             US$           US$             US$

   Finite-lived intangible
     assets:
   Product distribution rights         7,500         (1,000)         6,500            7,500          (250)         7,250
   Trading license                      816            (144)           672               —             —               —

   Total finite-lived
     intangible assets                 8,316         (1,144)         7,172            7,500          (250)         7,250


   Product distribution rights consist of distribution rights on the approved cancer therapies licensed from
   Celgene, ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA®, and its investigational agent CC-122 acquired as part of
   the Celgene transaction. The Company is amortizing the product distribution rights over a period of 10 years.
   The trading license represents the Guangzhou drug distribution license acquired on September 21, 2018. The
   Company is amortizing the drug distribution trading license over the remainder of the license term through
   February 2020.

   Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was US$894,
   and US$250, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, expected amortization expense for the unamortized
   finite-lived intangible assets is approximately US$1,326 in 2019, US$846 in 2020, US$750 in 2021, US$750 in
   2022, US$750 in 2023, and US$2,750 in 2024 and thereafter.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2018    ANNUAL REPORT           265
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


13. INCOME TAXES


      Cayman Islands

      The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the
      Company is not subject to income tax.


      Hong Kong

      BeiGene Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5%. BeiGene Hong Kong had no
      assessable profits derived from or earned in Hong Kong for any of the periods presented; therefore, no
      provision for income taxes is required.


      China

      BeiGene conducts business in China through multiple subsidiaries that are subject to a tax rate of 25% in
      accordance with the 2008 EIT Law. Under the EIT Law, all enterprises are subject to the 25% enterprise
      income tax rate, except for certain entities that enjoyed the tax holidays or preferential tax treatments. Under
      the EIT Law and its relevant regulations, dividends paid by China enterprises out of profits earned post-2007
      to non-China tax resident investors are subject to China withholding tax of 10%. A lower withholding tax rate
      may be applied based on applicable tax treaty with certain jurisdictions.


      Australia

      BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd. is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 30%. BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd. has no
      taxable income for all periods presented; therefore, no provision for income taxes is required.


      United States

      BeiGene USA is subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax at a rate of 21% for the year ended December
      31, 2018, and 35% for the years ended December 31, 2017. BeiGene USA is subject to income tax in
      California, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and various other states and localities for the year ended December
      31, 2018.




266     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Switzerland

    BeiGene Switzerland is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 10.5%. BeiGene Switzerland had no
    taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2018; therefore, no provision for income taxes is required.

    The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

    PRC                                                                                        (130,552)            (59,590)
    U.S.                                                                                         15,036               6,928
    Other                                                                                      (574,313)            (38,402)

    Total                                                                                      (689,829)            (91,064)


    The current and deferred components of the income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations are as
    follows:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

    Current Tax Expense (Benefit):
    PRC                                                                                            6,890              2,477
    U.S.                                                                                            (377)             5,695

    Total                                                                                          6,513              8,172

    Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit):
    PRC                                                                                           (2,682)               115
    U.S.                                                                                         (19,627)            (6,052)

    Total                                                                                        (22,309)            (5,937)

    Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                                                                 (15,796)             2,235




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            267
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

      The reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follow:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Loss before tax                                                                          (689,829)             (91,064)
      China statutory tax rate                                                                      25%                25%
      Expected taxation at China statutory tax rate                                            (172,457)             (22,766)
      Foreign tax rate differential                                                             134,673              23,275
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                      4,471              1,608
      Impact of U.S. statutory tax rate change                                                     1,538              2,642
      Deductible intellectual property from intercompany transfer                                     —              (29,438)
      Change in valuation allowance                                                              34,009              30,356
      Research and orphan drug tax credits                                                       (12,659)             (5,431)
      Share-based compensation expense                                                            (5,371)             1,989

      Taxation for the year                                                                      (15,796)             2,235

      Effective tax rate                                                                           2.3%               -2.5%


      Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Deferred Tax Assets:
        Accruals and reserves                                                                    19,193               7,756
        Net operating losses carryforward                                                        61,266              29,801
        Stock compensation                                                                         8,642              4,639
        Research and orphan drug tax credits                                                     13,608               2,449
        Depreciation and amortization                                                           158,639                   —

      Gross deferred tax assets                                                                 261,348              44,645
        Less valuation allowance                                                               (242,945)             (36,600)

      Total deferred tax assets                                                                  18,403               8,045

      Deferred tax liabilities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                                                 —                 (370)

      Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                  —                 (370)

      Net deferred tax asset                                                                     18,403               7,675




268     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes
    that as of December 31, 2018 it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized for our
    subsidiaries in Australia and Switzerland, and for certain subsidiaries in China. For the years ended December
    31, 2018 and 2017, there were increases in the valuation allowance (excluding valuation allowances charged
    to beginning accumulated deficit as detailed in Note 2) of US$34,009 and US$30,356, respectively, which
    included the effect of expired net operating losses in 2017 of US$1,637. Adjustments could be required in the
    future if the Company estimates that the amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the
    net amount recorded.

    As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had net operating losses of approximately US$300,769
    and US$209,979, respectively, of which net operating losses as of December 31, 2018 included US$47,379
    from an entity in Australia that has indefinite carryforward, US$129,922 derived from entities in the PRC
    which expire in years 2020 through 2023, US$100,780 derived from an entity in Switzerland that expires in
    2025, and US$22,688 derived from an entity in the U.S. that has indefinite carryforward. The Company has
    approximately US$14,897 of U.S. research and orphan drug credits which will begin to expire in 2033.

    The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2018                2017
                                                                                                 US$                US$

    Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                            918                110
    Additions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                    11                234
    Reductions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                  (44)                (91)
    Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                            1,410                665

    Ending balance, as of December 31                                                           2,295                918


    Current year and prior year additions include assessment of potential global transfer pricing adjustments,
    and U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives. US$1,532 of unrecognized tax benefits as of December
    31, 2018 would impact the consolidated income tax rate if ultimately recognized. The Company does not
    anticipate that the amount of existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12
    months.

    The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of
    income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company’s accrued interest and
    penalties, where applicable, related to uncertain tax positions were not material.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            269
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

      The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
      tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2018, Australia tax matters are open to
      examination for the years 2013 through 2018, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2013
      through 2018, and U.S. federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2015 through 2018. Various U.S.
      states and other non-US tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination
      for 2010 through 2018.

      As of December 31, 2018, the Company asserts indefinite reinvestment on the excess of the financial
      reporting bases over tax bases in the Company’s investments in foreign subsidiaries. A deferred tax liability
      has not been established for the approximately US$7,100 of cumulative undistributed foreign earnings in
      subsidiaries with financial reporting basis over tax basis. Determination of the unrecognized deferred tax
      liability is not practicable.


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION

      Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

      Prepaid research and development costs                                                     58,673              21,156
      Prepaid taxes                                                                              14,588               9,894
      Interest receivable                                                                          3,096              1,557
      Other                                                                                        5,585              3,016

      Total                                                                                      81,942              35,623




270     BEIGENE, LTD.         •       2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)

   Other non-current assets consisted of the following:

                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                   US$                US$

   Prepayment of property and equipment                                                         11,981              12,867
   Payment of facility capacity expansion activities     (1)
                                                                                                25,193                   —
   Tax on intra-entity contribution of subsidiary                                                    —              28,588
   Prepaid VAT                                                                                  14,671                   —
   Rental deposits and other                                                                      1,823              1,460

   Total                                                                                        53,668              42,915


   Note:

   (1)     Represents a payment for a facility expansion under a commercial supply agreement. The payment will be credited
           back to the Company through credits on supply purchases over the life of the supply agreement.

   Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:

                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                   US$                US$

   Compensation related                                                                         35,887              17,051
   External research and development activities related                                         34,588              18,721
   Commercial activities                                                                        10,433               2,350
   Individual income tax and other taxes                                                          8,030              5,088
   Sales rebates and returns related                                                              4,749              3,997
   Other                                                                                          6,727              2,391

   Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                   100,414              49,598


   Other long-term liabilities consisted of the following:

                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                   US$                US$

   Deferred government grant income                                                             37,851              31,804
   Other                                                                                          1,080                155

   Total other long-term liabilities                                                            38,931              31,959




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            271
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


15. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

      An aging analysis of the accounts payable as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, based on the invoice date, is
      as follows:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

      Within 1 month                                                                             83,191              65,626
      1 to 3 months                                                                              18,376               3,170
      3 to 6 months                                                                                6,186               725
      6 months to 1 year                                                                           4,931               189
      Over 1 year                                                                                    599                69

      Total                                                                                     113,283              69,779


      The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
      demand.


16. LONG-TERM BANK LOAN

      On September 2, 2015, BeiGene Suzhou entered into a loan agreement with Suzhou Industrial Park
      Biotech Development Co., Ltd. and China Construction Bank to borrow US$17,454 (RMB120,000) at a 7%
      fixed annual interest rate. The loan is secured by BeiGene Suzhou’s equipment with a carrying amount of
      US$13,638 and the Company’s rights to a PRC patent on a drug candidate. In September 2018, the Company
      repaid the first tranche of US$8,736 (RMB60,000). The remaining loan principal amount outstanding as of
      December 31, 2018 of US$8,727 is repayable on September 30, 2019.

      On April 4, 2018, BeiGene Guangzhou Factory entered into a nine-year loan agreement with China
      Construction Bank to borrow an RMB denominated loan of US$84,358 (RMB580,000) at a floating interest
      rate benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions in PRC. The loan is secured by BeiGene
      Guangzhou Factory’s land use right. Interest expense will be paid quarterly until the loan is fully settled. As of
      December 31, 2018, the Company has drawn down US$40,725 of this loan. The loan interest rate was 4.9%
      for the year ended December 31, 2018, and the maturity dates range from 2021 to 2027.

      As of December 31, 2018, the Company has unused long-term credit availability amounting to US$43,633,
      attributed to the remaining credit available under the Guangzhou Factory loan. The Company plans to draw
      down the entire available amount before December 31, 2019. Interest expense recognized for the years ended
      December 31, 2018 and 2017 amounted to US$2,253 and US$1,260, respectively, among which, US$575 and
      nil was capitalized, respectively.




272     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018      ANNUAL REPORT
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


16. LONG-TERM BANK LOAN (Continued)

    The maturity profile of the interest-bearing bank loan was as follows:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                US$

    Analyzed into:
      Bank loan repayable:
        Within one year                                                                            8,727              9,222
        In the second year                                                                            —               9,222
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                     4,213                  —
        Above five years                                                                         36,572                   —

    Total                                                                                        49,512              18,444



17. SHAREHOLDER LOAN

    On March 7, 2017, BeiGene Biologics entered into the Shareholder Loan Contract with GET, pursuant to
    which GET agreed to provide the Shareholder Loan of RMB 900,000 to BeiGene Biologics. The Shareholder
    Loan has a conversion feature, settled in a variable number of shares of common stock upon conversion (the
    “debt-to-equity conversion”). On April 14, 2017, BeiGene Biologics drew down the entire Shareholder Loan of
    RMB 900,000 from GET.


    Key features of the Shareholder Loan

    The Shareholder Loan bears simple interest at a fixed rate of 8% per annum. No interest payment is due or
    payable prior to the repayment of the principal or the debt-to-equity conversion. The term of the Shareholder
    Loan is 72 months, commencing from the actual drawdown date of April 14, 2017 and ending on April 13,
    2023, unless converted earlier.

    The Shareholder Loan may be repaid or converted, either partially or in full, into an additional mid-single digit
    percentage equity interest in BeiGene Biologics prior to its maturity date, pursuant to the terms of the JV
    Agreement. BeiGene Biologics has the right to make early repayment at any time; provided, however, that if
    repayment is to occur before the debt-to-equity conversion it would require written approval of both BeiGene
    Biologics and GET. Upon conversion of the shareholder loan, GET will receive an additional equity interest in
    BeiGene Biologics, which will be based on the formula outlined in the JV Agreement.

    The Shareholder Loan can only be used for BeiGene Biologics, including the construction and operation of the
    biologics manufacturing facility and research and development and clinical trials to be carried out by BeiGene
    Biologics. If BeiGene Biologics does not use the Shareholder Loan proceeds for the specified purposes, GET
    may be entitled to certain liquidated damages. In the event of an early termination of the JV Agreement, the
    Shareholder Loan will become due and payable at the time of termination of the JV Agreement.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            273
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


17. SHAREHOLDER LOAN (Continued)

      Accounting for the Shareholder Loan

      The Shareholder Loan is classified as a long-term liability and initially measured at the principal of RMB
      900,000. Interest will be accrued based on the interest rate of 8% per annum. As the Shareholder Loan may
      be share-settled by a number of shares with a fair value equal to a fixed settlement amount, the settlement is
      not viewed as a conversion feature, but as a redemption feature because the settlement amount does not vary
      with the share price. This in-substance redemption feature does not require bifurcation because it is clearly
      and closely related to the debt host that does not involves a substantial premium or discount. Since there is
      no conversion feature embedded in the Shareholder Loan, no beneficial conversion feature was recorded.
      There are no other embedded derivatives that are required to be bifurcated. The portion of interest accrued
      on the Shareholder Loan related to borrowings used to construct the BeiGene factory in Guangzhou is being
      capitalized in accordance with ASC 835-20, Interest – Capitalization of Interest.

      For the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, total interest expense generated from the
      Shareholder Loan was US$10,894 and US$7,649, respectively, among which, US$3,112 and US$614 was
      capitalized, respectively.

      The maturity profile of the Shareholder Loan was as follows:

                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Analyzed into:
        Shareholder loan repayable:
           In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                               148,888                   —
           Above five years                                                                           —              146,271

      Total                                                                                     148,888              146,271




274     BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


18. PRODUCT REVENUE

   The Company’s product sales are derived from the sale of ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA® in China
   under a distribution license from Celgene. The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the
   years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                                US$                US$

   Product revenue - gross                                                                  138,046              28,428
   Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                            (7,161)            (4,000)

   Product revenue - net                                                                    130,885              24,428


   The following table presents the rollforward of accrued sales rebates and returns for the years ended
   December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.

                                                                                                        Sales Rebates
                                                                                                          and Returns
                                                                                                                   US$

   Balance as of December 31, 2016                                                                                    —
   Accrual                                                                                                        4,000
   Payment                                                                                                            (3)

   Balance as of December 31, 2017                                                                                3,997
   Accrual                                                                                                        7,161
   Payment                                                                                                       (6,409)

   Balance as of December 31, 2018                                                                                4,749




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            275
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


19. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE

      The Group’s loss before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Cost of inventories sold                                                                   28,705                4,974
      Depreciation and amortization expense                                                        9,000               4,340
      Research and development costs (note)                                                     679,005              269,018
      Minimum lease payments under operating leases                                                8,930               3,810
      Amortization of land lease payments                                                            494                168
      Amortization of license rights                                                                 894                250
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                       2,396               1,231

      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
      Wages and salaries                                                                        163,115               65,608
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                          87,127               42,863
      Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                                 12,409                4,615

                                                                                                262,651              113,086

      Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                               (1,948)                (44)
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                            4,184                (232)
      Bank interest income                                                                       (23,401)             (4,188)
      Loss on disposal of property and equipment                                                     126                 85

      Note:

      During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, research and development costs of approximately US$167,085 and
      US$80,349 were also included in employee benefit expense.




276     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


20. LOSS PER SHARE

   Loss per share was calculated as follows:

                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                                US$                US$

   Numerator:
     Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                                (673,769)            (93,105)
   Denominator:
     Weighted average shares outstanding for computing basic and
       diluted loss per share                                                          720,753,819        543,185,460

   Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd., basic and diluted (in US$)                (0.93)              (0.17)


   For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-
   class method was not applicable, as the Company was in a net loss position.

   The effects of all share options and restricted share units were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
   per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE


   2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan

   On January 14, 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the board of directors and shareholders of the Company
   approved the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective on February
   2, 2016. The Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the
   2016 Plan, plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any
   outstanding options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the
   2011 Plan that are cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2018,
   ordinary shares cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled
   5,144,371. The 2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added
   on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5)%
   of the outstanding shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding
   fiscal year or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company’s board of directors or the compensation
   committee. On January 1, 2018, 29,603,616 ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision.
   In August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
   amended and restated 2016 Plan to remove this “evergreen” provision and implement other changes required
   by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the board of directors approved a second amended and restated
   2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 38,553,159 ordinary shares, as well as
   amend the cap on annual compensation to independent directors and make other changes. The number of
   shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan is subject to adjustment in the event of a share split, share
   dividend or other change in the Company’s capitalization.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            277
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (Continued)

      As of December 31, 2018, share-based awards to acquire 57,889,708 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.


      2018 Inducement Equity Plan

      On June 6, 2018, the board of directors of the Company approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018
      Plan”) and reserved 12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that
      were not previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s
      entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries within the meaning of Rule 5635(c) (4) of the
      NASDAQ Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the board of directors upon recommendation of the
      compensation committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c) (4) of the NASDAQ Listing
      Rules. The terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder,
      are substantially similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018, in
      connection with the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on the Stock Exchange, the board of directors of
      the Company approved an amended and restated 2018 Plan to implement changes required by the HK Listing
      Rules.


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan

      On June 6, 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
      “ESPP”). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In
      August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
      amended and restated ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in
      the plan and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the board of
      directors approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized for
      issuance by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees to
      purchase the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period,
      which will generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the
      beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll
      during the offering period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their
      eligible earnings, subject to applicable limitations.

      The first offering under the ESPP began on September 1, 2018 and will end on February 28, 2019. The fair
      value of options issued under the ESPP is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. As of
      December 31, 2018, no shares have been issued under the ESPP. Expenses incurred to date under the ESPP
      have been immaterial.




278     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


   Share options

   Generally, options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three- to five-year period, with the first
   tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the remainder
   of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units vest over a
   four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship
   start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter.

   The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:

                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                 Average
                                                              Weighted          Weighted      Remaining
                                            Number of          Average     Average Grant      Contractual       Aggregate
                                              Options     Exercise Price   Date Fair Value          Term    Intrinsic Value
                                                                   US$                US$          Years              US$

   Outstanding at December 31, 2016         77,079,743             1.31
     Granted                                62,085,462             3.73               2.65
     Exercised                              (5,887,193)            0.82                                            24,723
     Forfeited                              (6,275,115)            2.52

   Outstanding at December 31, 2017       127,002,897              2.45
     Granted                                 9,387,885            12.32               7.08
     Exercised                             (13,841,036)            2.23                                           132,687
     Forfeited                              (6,467,099)            3.59

   Outstanding at December 31, 2018       116,082,647              3.21                              7.63         894,871

   Exercisable as of December 31, 2018      53,829,397             1.84                              6.95         481,796

   Vested and expected to vest at
     December 31, 2018                    109,857,323              3.15                              7.59         853,563


   As of December 31, 2018, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 56,027,926 unvested share options
   expected to vest was US$154,623. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
   weighted-average amortization period of 2.4 years.

   The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2018 and
   2017 was US$55,642 and US$20,440, respectively.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018   ANNUAL REPORT            279
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      Fair value of options

      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price movement
      has not been long enough to match the life of the share option. Therefore, the Company has made reference
      to the historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same industry
      as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern as
      reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Prior to the
      completion of the Company’s U.S. IPO, the estimated fair value of the ordinary shares, at the option grant
      dates, was determined with assistance from an independent third-party valuation firm, and the Company’s
      management was ultimately responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of its ordinary shares.
      With the completion of the Company’s U.S. IPO, a public trading market for the ADSs was established, and it
      is no longer necessary for the Company to estimate the fair value of ordinary shares at the option grant dates.

      The following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the share options granted in
      the years presented:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                 2017

      Fair value of ordinary share                                                          4.30 ~ 8.85         2.39 ~ 8.71
      Risk-free interest rate                                                             2.5% ~ 3.1%         2.2% ~ 2.6%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                               2.2 ~ 2.8             2.2 ~ 2.8
      Expected volatility                                                                   60% ~ 64%         99% ~ 100%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                        0%                   0%
      Contractual life                                                                         10 years              10 years




280     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


   Restricted shares

   The following table summarizes the Company’s employee restricted share activities under the 2016 Plan:

                                                                                                            Weighted-
                                                                                                               Average
                                                                                        Numbers of          Grant Date
                                                                                             Shares          Fair Value
                                                                                                                   US$

   Outstanding at December 31, 2016                                                        1,075,000               2.16
     Granted                                                                                300,000                2.95
     Vested                                                                                 (268,750)              2.04
     Forfeited                                                                              (300,000)              2.95

   Outstanding at December 31, 2017                                                         806,250                2.16
     Granted                                                                                      —                   —
     Vested                                                                                 (387,500)              2.12
     Forfeited                                                                              (118,750)              2.04

   Outstanding at December 31, 2018                                                         300,000                2.25

   Expected to vest at December 31, 2018                                                    270,000                2.25


   The Company had no non-employee restricted share activities during the year ended December 31, 2018.

   As of December 31, 2018, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares
   expected to vest was US$514. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
   weighted-average amortization period of 1.7 years.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            281
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      Restricted share units (“RSUs”)

      The following table summarizes the Company’s employee restricted share unit activities under the 2016 and
      2018 Plans:

                                                                                                                Weighted-
                                                                                                                     Average
                                                                                            Numbers of          Grant Date
                                                                                                 Shares          Fair Value
                                                                                                                        US$

      Outstanding at December 31, 2016                                                                —                   —
        Granted                                                                               1,469,442                 7.55
        Vested                                                                                        —                   —
        Forfeited                                                                                     —                   —

      Outstanding at December 31, 2017                                                        1,469,442                   —
        Granted                                                                              14,079,598                12.07
        Vested                                                                                 (689,130)                8.33
        Forfeited                                                                              (757,458)               10.89

      Outstanding at December 31, 2018                                                       14,102,452                11.85

      Expected to vest at December 31, 2018                                                  12,692,207                11.85


      As of December 31, 2018, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
      expected to vest was US$134,713. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
      weighted-average amortization period of 3.5 years.

      The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
      December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      Research and development                                                                   54,384               30,610
      Selling, general and administrative                                                        32,743               12,253

      Total                                                                                      87,127               42,863




282     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


22. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


   U.S. initial public offering

   On February 8, 2016, the Company completed its IPO on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 6,600,000 ADSs
   representing 85,800,000 ordinary shares were sold at US$24.00 per ADS, or US$1.85 per ordinary share.
   Additionally, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 990,000 ADSs representing
   12,870,000 ordinary shares from the Company. Net proceeds from the U.S. IPO, including the underwriter
   option, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were US$166,197.


   Follow-on public offerings

   On November 23, 2016, the Company completed a follow-on public offering at a price of US$32.00 per ADS,
   or US$2.46 per ordinary share. In this offering, the Company sold 5,781,250 ADSs representing 75,156,250
   ordinary shares. Additionally, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 850,000 ADSs
   representing 11,050,000 ordinary shares from the Company. The selling shareholders sold 468,750 ADSs
   representing 6,093,750 ordinary shares. Net proceeds from this offering, including the underwriter option,
   after deducting the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were US$198,625. The Company did not
   receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling shareholders.

   On August 16, 2017, the Company completed a follow-on public offering at a price of US$71.00 per ADS,
   or US$5.46 per ordinary share. In this offering, the Company sold 2,465,000 ADSs representing 32,045,000
   ordinary shares.

   Additionally, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 369,750 ADSs representing
   4,806,750 ordinary shares from the Company. Net proceeds from this offering, including the underwriter
   option, after deducting the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were US$188,517.

   On January 22, 2018, the Company completed a follow-on public offering under the Company’s effective
   registration statement on Form S-3 at a price of US$101.00 per ADS, or US$7.77 per ordinary share. In
   this offering, the Company sold 7,425,750 ADSs representing 96,534,750 ordinary shares. Additionally, the
   underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 495,050 ADSs representing 6,435,650 ordinary
   shares from the Company. Net proceeds from this offering, including the underwriter option, after deducting
   the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were US$757,587.

   On August 8, 2018, the Company completed an initial public offering of its ordinary shares on the Stock
   Exchange and a follow-on public offering of its ADS on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the
   Company’s effective registration statement on Form S-3 at a price of US$13.76 per ordinary share, or
   US$178.90 per ADS. In this offering, the Company sold 65,600,000 ordinary shares. Net proceeds after
   deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses were US$869,709.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            283
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


22. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Continued)


      Share Subscription Agreement

      On August 31, 2017, the Company sold 32,746,416 of its ordinary shares to Celgene Switzerland for an
      aggregate cash price of US$150,000, or US$4.58 per ordinary share, or US$59.55 per ADS, pursuant to a
      Share Subscription Agreement in connection with the entry into the A&R PD-1 License Agreement. Proceeds
      from the issuance are recorded net of US$72 of fees related to the share issuance. The offer and sale of the
      shares issued pursuant to the Share Subscription Agreement was made in a private placement in reliance
      upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act, for transactions by an
      issuer not involving a public offering, and/or Regulation D under the Securities Act.


23. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS

      The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
      its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the
      Company’s PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with
      PRC accounting standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial
      statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial
      statements of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries.

      In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
      reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
      registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required to
      provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, from the profits determined
      in accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used
      for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries were
      established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-mentioned restrictions
      on distributable profits.

      During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made
      because the PRC subsidiaries had substantial losses during such periods.




284     BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


23. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (Continued)

    As a result of these PRC laws and regulations including the requirement to make annual appropriations
    of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
    the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
    Company.

    Foreign exchange and other regulation in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries from
    transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans and advances. As of December 31, 2018
    and 2017, amounts restricted are the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which amounted to
    US$93,281 and US$29,920, respectively.


24. EMPLOYEE DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS

    Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
    plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
    benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
    make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
    salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total
    amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$12,713 and US$4,103 for
    the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

    During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company implemented a defined contribution 401(k) savings
    plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The 401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees, and allows participants
    to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pretax basis. In addition, the Company implemented a
    matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan, matching 50% of an employee’s contribution up to a maximum of 3%
    of the participant’s compensation. Company contributions to the 401(k) plan totaled US$1,275 and US$455 in
    the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Employee benefits for the remaining subsidiaries
    were immaterial.

    The contributions to the defined contribution plans are not reduced by contributions forfeited by those
    employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the contributions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            285
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


25. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


      Operating Lease Commitments

      The Company leases office and manufacturing facilities under non-cancelable operating leases expiring on
      different dates in the United States, Switzerland, and China. Payments under operating leases are expensed
      on a straight-line basis over the periods of their respective leases, and the terms of the leases do not contain
      rent escalation, contingent rent, renewal, or purchase options.

      There are no restrictions placed upon the Company by entering into these leases. Total expenses under
      these operating leases were US$8,930 and US$3,810 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
      respectively.

      Future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases consist of the following:

                                                                                                                       US$

      Year ending December 31:
      2019                                                                                                           10,752
      2020                                                                                                            9,972
      2021                                                                                                            7,805
      2022                                                                                                            3,923
      2023 and thereafter                                                                                             1,357

      Total                                                                                                          33,809



      Purchase Commitments

      As of December 31, 2018, purchase commitments amounted to US$9,747 related to minimum purchase
      requirements for finished goods inventory purchased from Celgene.


      Capital Commitments

      The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$45,910 for the acquisition of property, plant and
      equipment as of December 31, 2018, which were mainly for BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s manufacturing
      facility in Guangzhou, China.




286     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, were
   disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1) (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                                                  US$                US$

   Fees                                                                                            409                352
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   698                576
       Performance related bonuses                                                                 562                600
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                        9,161              4,153
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                  8                  —

                                                                                               10,429               5,329

                                                                                               10,838               5,681


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 26 (including above table) and Note 27 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.

   For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, certain directors were granted share options or restricted
   share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company, further
   details of which are set out in Note 21. The fair value of such options or restricted share units, which has been
   recognized in the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date
   of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above
   directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            287
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

      (a)   Independent non-executive directors

            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2018
            and 2017 were as follows:

            Year ended December 31, 2018

                                                               Salaries,
                                                            allowances     Performance Share-based           Pension
                                                           and benefits          related compensation        scheme            Total
                                                   Fees          in kind       bonuses       expense    contributions   remuneration
                                                    US$             US$             US$          US$             US$            US$

            Timothy Chen                             63              —              —            316              —             379
            Donald W. Glazer                         59              —              —            154              —             213
            Michael Goller                           53              —              —            154              —             207
            Ranjeev Krishana                         55              —              —            154              —             209
            Thomas Malley                            69              —              —            316              —             385
            Qingqing Yi                              74              —              —            154              —             228
            Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su**                     36              —              —            105              —             141

                                                    409              —              —           1,353             —            1,762


            Year ended December 31, 2017

                                                               Salaries,
                                                            allowances     Performance Share-based           Pension
                                                           and benefits          related compensation        scheme            Total
                                                    Fees         in kind       bonuses       expense    contributions   remuneration
                                                    US$             US$             US$          US$             US$            US$

            Timothy Chen                             53              —              —            426              —             479
            Donald W. Glazer                         55              —              —             83              —             138
            Michael Goller                           50              —              —             83              —             133
            Ranjeev Krishana                         53              —              —             83              —             136
            Thomas Malley                            65              —              —            417              —             482
            Qingqing Yi***                           53              —              —             83              —             136
            Ke Tang****                              23              —              —             —               —              23

                                                    352              —              —           1,175             —            1,527


            **     Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su’s service as a director commenced in Apirl 2018. Accordingly, his cash compensation was
                   pro-rated for the year.

            ***    Qingqing Yi voluntarily waived the receipt of director compensation in 2016 and the three months ended March
                   31, 2017.


            ****   Ke Tang’s service as a director terminated at the Company’s 2017 annual general meeting on June 1, 2017.
                   Accordingly,his cash compensation was pro-rated for the year 2017 and the option awards granted to him
                   during 2017 expired prior to vesting




288     BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


26. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

    (b)   Executive director, a non-executive director and chief executive

          For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the board of directors comprised one executive
          director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
          Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

                                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                      2018                  2017
                                                                                                       US$                   US$

          Fees                                                                                           —                     —
          Other emoluments:
            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   698                  576
            Performance related bonuses                                                                 562                  600
            Share-based compensation expenses                                                         7,808                2,978
            Pension scheme contributions                                                                  8                   —

                                                                                                      9,076                4,154

                                                                                                      9,076                4,154


          For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the board of directors comprised one non-executive
          director, Xiaodong Wang. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any compensation as a director. The
          compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the years ended December 31, 2018
          and 2017 were detailed below and also included in Note 28.

          Year ended December 31, 2018

                                                            Salaries,
                                                         allowances      Performance Share-based           Pension
                                                        and benefits           related compensation        scheme            Total
                                                 Fees         in kind        bonuses      expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                                  US$            US$              US$          US$             US$            US$

          Xiaodong Wang                           100              —             150          3,396             —            3,646


          Year ended December 31, 2017

                                                             Salaries,
                                                          allowances     Performance Share-based           Pension
                                                         and benefits          related compensation        scheme            Total
                                                 Fees          in kind       bonuses      expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                                 US$              US$             US$          US$             US$            US$

          Xiaodong Wang                           100              —             150          4,278             —            4,528




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.             •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT               289
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


27. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

      The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 included the following
      number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 26 above.

                                                                                                   Headcounts
                                                                                                   2018              2017

      Directors and chief executive                                                                    2                2
      Neither directors nor chief executive                                                            3                3

                                                                                                       5                5


      Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
      nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                                    US$               US$

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                    1,375             1,030
      Performance related bonuses                                                                    819              358
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                            7,239             4,695
      Pension scheme contributions                                                                    14               16

                                                                                                   9,447             6,099


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                              Number of employees
                                                                                                   2018              2017

      HK$10,000,001 to HK$20,000,000                                                                  —                 3
      HK$20,000,001 to HK$25,000,000                                                                   2                —
      HK$25,000,001 to HK$30,000,000                                                                   1                —

                                                                                                       3                3


      For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, share options, restricted shares or restricted share units
      were granted to a non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employee in respect of his services
      to the Group, further details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 21. The fair
      value of such options, which have been recognized in the statement of operations over the vesting period,
      was determined as at the date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting
      periods is included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration
      disclosures.




290     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018      ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


28. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   The Company had the following related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

   Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
   service to the Group, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year ended
   December 31, 2018 consisted of (i) US$100 (2017: US$100) in consulting fees, (ii) US$150 (2017: US$150) as
   a performance-based cash bonus, (iii) an option to purchase 655,044 ordinary shares (2017: 750,000 ordinary
   shares) with a grant date fair value of US$4,646 (2017: US$4,133) and (iv) an RSU for 94,133 ordinary shares
   (2017: 410,000 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value of US$1,162 (2017: US$3,155).

   The related party transaction in respect of above also constitute a connected transaction or a continuing
   connected transaction as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, which is a fully-exempt continuing
   connected transaction.


29. SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

   The following table summarizes the unaudited statements of operations for each quarter of 2018 and 2017
   (in thousands except share and per share amounts). The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared
   on a basis consistent with the financial statements and includes all adjustments that the Company considers
   necessary for a fair presentation of the information shown. The operating results for any fiscal quarter are not
   necessarily indicative of the operating results for a full fiscal year or for any future period and there can be no
   assurances that any trend reflected in such results will continue in the future.

                                                                             Quarter Ended
                                                     March 31,            June 30,     September 30,      December 31,
   2018                                                   US$                 US$              US$               US$

   Revenue                                               32,544             52,804              54,202            58,670
   Loss from operations                                (110,809)          (163,050)           (151,102)         (280,808)
   Net loss                                            (105,116)          (157,715)           (144,492)         (266,710)
   Net loss attributable to
     ordinary shareholders                             (104,596)          (156,887)           (144,031)         (268,255)
   Basic and diluted net loss per share(1)                (0.16)             (0.22)              (0.19)            (0.35)

                                                                             Quarter Ended
                                                     March 31,            June 30,     September 30,       December 31,
   2017                                                   US$                 US$              US$                US$

   Revenue                                                   —                  —             220,213               18,174
   (Loss)/income from operations                        (51,542)           (58,022)           114,905            (103,798)
   Net (loss)/income                                    (50,623)           (60,680)           117,284              (99,280)
   Net (loss)/income attributable to
     ordinary shareholders                              (50,623)           (60,545)           117,386             (99,323)
   Basic net (loss)/income per share(1)                    (0.10)             (0.12)             0.21                (0.17)
   Diluted net (loss)/income per share(1)                  (0.10)             (0.12)             0.20                (0.17)

   (1)    Per common share amounts for the quarters and full years have been calculated separately. Accordingly,
          the sum of quarterly amounts may not equal the annual amount because of differences in the weighted
          average common shares outstanding during each period, principally due to the effect of share issuances
          by the Company during the year.



                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2018   ANNUAL REPORT            291
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


30. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

      The Company operates in one segment. Its chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who
      makes operating decisions, assesses performance and allocates resources on a consolidated basis.

      The Company’s long-lived assets are substantially located in the PRC.

      Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration
      revenue is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net
      revenues by geographic area are presented as follows:

                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                    US$                 US$

      PRC                                                                                       132,385               24,428
      U.S.                                                                                       42,793              138,423
      Other                                                                                      23,042               75,536

      Total                                                                                     198,220              238,387




292     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS

   The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
   respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). The effects of material differences
   between the financial information of the Group prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as follows:

                                                                  Year ended December 31, 2018
                                                 Amounts as
                                             reported under                                                     Amounts
                                                  U.S. GAAP             IFRSs adjustments                    under IFRSs
                                                          US$                US$                  US$               US$
                                                                                         Tax benefit/
                                                                                        deficiency on
                                                                   Share-based          share-based
   Consolidated statement of                                      compensation         compensation
     operations data                                                      (note (i))          (note (iii))

   Research and development                          (679,005)           (13,073)                    —          (692,078)
   Selling, general and administrative               (195,385)           (16,381)                    —          (211,766)

   Loss before income tax expense                    (689,829)           (29,454)                    —          (719,283)
   Income tax benefit (expense)                        15,796              1,692              (16,371)             1,117

   Net loss                                          (674,033)           (27,762)             (16,371)          (718,166)

   Less: net profit (loss) attributable to
          noncontrolling interests                        (264)                38                    —              (226)

   Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.            (673,769)           (27,800)             (16,371)          (717,940)




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •       2018   ANNUAL REPORT          293
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

                                                                                Year ended December 31, 2017
                                            Amounts as
                                          reported under                                                                                 Amounts
                                             U.S. GAAP                                IFRSs adjustments                               under IFRSs
                                                     US$              US$                 US$               US$             US$              US$
                                                                                  Tax benefit/
                                                                                deficiency on
                                                              Share-based        share-based                PRC       Government
      Consolidated statement of                              compensation       compensation         withholding        subsidies
        operations data                                            (note (i))         (note (iii))    tax(note(iv))       (note(v))

      Research and development                   (269,018)        (22,751)                   —                 —               —         (291,769)
      Selling, general and
        administrative                            (62,602)        (13,236)                   —                 —               —          (75,838)
      Other income, net                           11,501                —                    —                 —           9,620          21,121

      Loss before income
        tax expense                               (91,064)        (35,987)                   —                 —           9,620         (117,431)
      Income tax benefit (expense)                 (2,235)          3,913               (2,066)          (26,090)          (2,405)        (28,883)

      Net loss                                    (93,299)        (32,074)              (2,066)          (26,090)          7,215         (146,314)

      Less: net profit attributable to
             noncontrolling interests                (194)             (38)                  —                 —             361             129

      Net profit (loss) attributable to
        BeiGene, Ltd.                             (93,105)        (32,036)              (2,066)          (26,090)          6,854         (146,443)




294     BEIGENE, LTD.              •      2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

                                                                     As of December 31, 2018
                                          Amounts as
                                       reported under                                                                  Amounts
                                           U.S. GAAP                      IFRSs adjustments                         under IFRSs

                                                  US$              US$                US$                US$               US$
                                                                                                 Tax benefit/
                                                                                                deficiency on
                                                           Share-based          Preferred        share-based
   Consolidated balance                                   compensation            Shares        compensation
       sheet data                                               (note (i))        (note (ii))        (note (iii))

   Deferred tax assets                          29,542            1,692                 —                   —            45,035
                                                                 5,184*                 —              8,617*

   Total assets                              2,249,684            6,876                 —               8,617         2,265,177

   Additional paid-in capital                2,744,814           29,454         307,894*              16,371          3,155,263
                                                                46,047*                 —            10,683*
   Accumulated deficit                      (1,007,215)         (29,454)         (307,894)*          (16,371)        (1,402,171)
                                                                  1,692                                (2,066)*
                                                                    (38)
                                                                (40,825)*
   Noncontrolling interest                      14,445               38                 —                   —            14,445
                                                                    (38)*               —                   —

   Total equity                              1,753,647            6,876                 —               8,617         1,769,140


   *      IFRSs adjustments brought forward from December 31, 2017




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2018       ANNUAL REPORT            295
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

                                                                                 As of December 31, 2017
                                       Amounts as
                                    reported under                                                                                                   Amounts
                                        U.S. GAAP                                      IFRSs adjustments                                          under IFRSs
                                              US$               US$           US$                  US$                 US$               US$              US$
                                                                                            Tax benefit/
                                                                                          deficiency on               PRC
                                                       Share-based       Preferred         share-based         withholding       Government
      Consolidated balance                            compensation         Shares compensation                          tax        subsidies
       sheet data                                           (note (i))     (note (ii))          (note (iii))       (note (iv))       (note (v))

      Other non-current assets             42,915                 —              —                   —             (26,090)            (2,498)        14,327
      Deferred tax assets                   7,675              5,184             —                8,617                 —                  —          21,476

      Total assets                      1,046,479              5,184             —                8,617            (26,090)            (2,498)      1,031,692

      Other long-term liabilities          31,959                 —              —                    —                  —             (9,990)        21,969

      Total liabilities                   362,248                 —              —                    —                  —             (9,990)       352,258

      Additional paid-in capital        1,000,747            46,047      307,894*               10,683                   —                 —        1,365,371
      Accumulated other
        comprehensive loss                   (480)                 —           —                     —                  —                263             (217)
      Accumulated deficit                (330,517)           (40,825)    (307,894)*              (2,066)           (26,090)            6,854         (700,538)
      Noncontrolling interest              14,422                 (38)         —                     —                  —                375           14,759

      Total equity                        684,231              5,184             —                8,617            (26,090)            7,492         679,434


      *        IFRSs adjustments brought forward from December 31, 2016




296       BEIGENE, LTD.             •   2018         ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes:

   (i)    Share-based compensation

          Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
          all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
          compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that
          are vested at that date.

          Under IFRSs, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
          granted with graded vesting.

          A difference of US$29,454 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
          development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized in the statement of operations
          and additional paid-in capital under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs for the year ended December 31, 2018 (2017: US$35,987).
          The related income tax impact of this item totaled US$1,692 for the year ended December 31, 2018 (2017: US$3,913).

          The cumulative difference between the amount of share-based compensation recognized under U.S. GAAP and
          IFRSs and included within the additional paid-in capital account as of December 31, 2017 was US$46,047, and the
          cumulative related impact on deferred tax assets and noncontrolling interest was US$5,184 and US$38 respectively
          as of December 31, 2017. The consequential net impact on the accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2017 was
          US$40,825. The above differences and impact as of December 31, 2017 were all carried forward as opening IFRSs
          adjustments to the balance sheet as of January 1, 2018. The noncontrolling interest of US$38 was reversed in 2018
          and not carried forward to 2019 as the amount was immaterial.

   (ii)   Preferred Shares

          Prior to the Company’s US IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares at
          the time of the US IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company were classified as mezzanine
          equity as these convertible preferred shares were redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event (i.e.,
          Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares had liquidation preference upon the occurrence of the
          conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred shares did
          not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options were clearly and closely related to the host
          instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options were not publicly
          traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features were recognized for the convertible
          preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
          favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares were not currently redeemable, and
          it was not probable that the Preferred Shares would become redeemable, at the time. Therefore, it was determined
          that no adjustment was to be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it was probable that
          they would become redeemable.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT             297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes: (Continued)

      (ii)    Preferred Shares (Continued)

              Under IFRSs, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
              conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
              being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
              Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
              occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRSs, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
              as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
              recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
              Preferred Shares of US$307,894 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016 was
              recognized in the statement of operations under IFRSs, and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes was
              recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the ordinary
              shares. The effect of such IFRSs adjustments on each of accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital was
              US$307,894, which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.

      (iii)   Tax benefit/deficiency on share-based compensation

              Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are calculated based on the cumulative share-based compensation expense
              recognized in the financial statements, and ASC 2016-09 required all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be
              recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of operations, rather than in shareholders’ equity.

              Under IFRSs, deferred taxes are calculated based on the estimated tax deduction determined at each reporting date.
              If the tax deduction exceeds cumulative compensation cost for an individual award, deferred tax based on the excess
              is credited to shareholders’ equity. If the tax deduction is less than or equal to cumulative compensation cost for an
              individual award, deferred taxes are recorded in the statement of operations.

              A difference of US$8,617 arose between the amount of deferred tax asset recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs
              as of December 31, 2017, and the amount of the difference remained unchanged at December 31, 2018. The
              difference was determined by taking into account the extent of future available taxable profit against which the
              estimated additional tax deduction as of December 31, 2017 and 2018 can be utilized. The difference is recognized
              in equity under IFRSs. In addition, the income tax benefit on excess tax deductions of US$16,371 for the year ended
              December 31, 2018 (2017: US$2,066) is recognized in equity under IFRSs, rather than in the statement of operations
              under U.S. GAAP. The aggregate effect of deferred tax assets of US$8,617 recognized in equity and the excess
              tax deduction of US$2,066 recognized in equity amounted to US$10,683 as of December 31, 2017, and are carried
              forward as opening adjustments to the balance sheet as of January 1, 2018 under IFRSs.




298      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)

   (iv)   PRC withholding tax

          Under U.S. GAAP ASC 740, which was prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-16, a PRC withholding tax liability of
          US$26,090, incurred on intragroup transfer of the 100% equity interest in BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Guangzhou
          in 2017, was carried in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet as a prepaid asset as of December 31, 2017.

          Under IFRSs, such PRC withholding tax was charged to the Group’s consolidated statement of operations for the
          year ended December 31, 2017.

          Upon the Company’s adoption of ASU 2016-16 on January 1, 2018, the above PRC withholding tax of US$26,090
          incurred in 2017 was charged to the opening accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2018 in the Company’s U.S. GAAP
          consolidated financial statements. Hence the above difference in accounting treatment between U.S. GAAP and
          IFRSs no longer existed for the Company’s accounting periods commencing from January 1, 2018.

   (v)    Government subsidies

          Under U.S. GAAP, the government subsidies of US$9,620 received in 2017 relating to the above PRC withholding
          tax was carried in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017, as other long-term liabilities of
          US$9,990 (re-translated at December 31, 2017 closing exchange rate), as a result of the recognition of the related
          PRC withholding tax as a prepaid asset in the balance sheet.

          Under IFRSs, the above government subsidies were recognized as income in the Group’s consolidated statement
          of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 as a result of the recognition of such PRC withholding tax as
          an expense in 2017. In addition, the income tax expense of US$2,405 on the government subsidies deferred as a
          prepaid asset of US$2,498 (re-translated at December 31, 2017 closing exchange rate) under ASC 740 was charged
          as an expense in the Group’s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 under
          IFRSs as a result of the recognition of such government subsidies as income in 2017. Finally, IFRSs adjustments were
          made in the Group’s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 to account for
          the consequential impact on the Group’s noncontrolling interests of US$361 arising from the above adjustments of
          government subsidies and related income tax expense which are applicable to a non-wholly-owned PRC subsidiary.

          As a result of the charge of the relevant PRC withholding tax to the opening accumulated deficit as of January 1,
          2018 as mentioned above, the government subsidies of US$9,990 and the related income tax expense of US$2,498
          carried in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 were also recognized in the opening accumulated deficit as
          of January 1, 2018 in the Company’s U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements, and the consequential effect on
          noncontrolling interest of US$375 (re-translated at December 31, 2017 closing exchange rate) and foreign currency
          translation difference of US$263 were included within the Company’s opening U.S. GAAP consolidated balance
          sheet as of January 1, 2018 accordingly, with resulting adjustment included within the 2018 opening accumulated
          deficit. The overall net impact on 2018 opening accumulated deficit was US$6,854. Thereafter the above differences
          in accounting treatment between U.S. GAAP and IFRSs no longer exist for the Company’s accounting periods
          commencing from January 1, 2018.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT            299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


32. R E C O N C I L I A T I O N O F T H E C O M P A R A T I V E F I N A N C I A L S T A T E M E N T S W I T H T H E
    ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT IN THE PROSPECTUS

      The comparative consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2017 in these
      financial statements was prepared based on the previously published consolidated financial statements
      in the Company’s 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on February 27, 2018. In preparing
      such financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017, those new U.S. GAAPs early adopted in
      preparation of the accountants’ report were not early adopted, and hence differences arose between the
      Company’s comparative consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2017 disclosed in these
      financial statements when compared with the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of December
      31, 2017 as disclosed in the accountants’ report.

      The reconciliations of the comparative consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December
      31, 2017 in this report with the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2017
      disclosed in the accountants’ report in the Prospectus are as follows:

                                                                        As of December 31, 2017
                                                 As reported                                                       As reported
                                                    in these                                                            in the
                                                    financial           Adjustments adopted in                    accountants’
      Consolidated balance sheet data            statements           preparing accountants’ report                     report
                                                        US$           US$              US$             US$                US$
                                                                        (i)               (ii)            (iii)

      Unbilled receivable                                 —        16,307                —                —            16,307
      Other non-current assets                       42,915            —            (26,090)          (2,498)          14,327
      Total assets                                1,046,479        16,307           (26,090)          (2,498)        1,034,198

      Other long-term liabilities                    31,959            —                 —            (9,990)          21,969
      Total liabilities                             362,248            —                 —            (9,990)         352,258

      Accumulated other comprehensive loss              (480)          —                 —              263               (217)
      Accumulated deficit                           (330,517)      16,307           (26,090)          6,854           (333,446)
      Noncontrolling interest                        14,422            —                 —              375            14,797
      Total equity                                  684,231        16,307           (26,090)          7,492           681,940




300     BEIGENE, LTD.               •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


32. R E C O N C I L I A T I O N O F T H E C O M P A R A T I V E F I N A N C I A L S T A T E M E N T S W I T H T H E
    ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT IN THE PROSPECTUS (Continued)

                                                                        As of December 31, 2017
                                                As reported                                                        As reported
                                                   in these                                                             in the
     Consolidated statement of                     financial            Adjustments adopted in                    accountants’
       operations data                          statements            preparing accountants’ report                     report
                                                       US$           US$                US$            US$                US$
                                                                        (i)               (ii)            (iii)

     Collaboration revenue                         213,959         16,307                —                —           230,266
     Total revenues                                238,387         16,307                —                —           254,694
     Other income, net                              11,457             —                 —            9,620            21,077
     Gain on sale of
       available-for-sale securities                     44            —                 —                —                44
     Other income, net, including gain on
       sale of available-for-sale securities        11,501             —                 —            9,620            21,121
     Loss before income tax expense                 (91,064)       16,307                —            9,620            (65,137)
     Income tax expense                              (2,235)           —            (26,090)          (2,405)          (30,730)
     Net loss                                       (93,299)       16,307           (26,090)          7,215            (95,867)
     Less: net loss attributable to
            noncontrolling interests                   (194)           —                 —              361               167
     Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.         (93,105)       16,307           (26,090)          6,854            (96,034)

     Net loss per share attributable to
       BeiGene, Ltd. Basic and diluted
       (in dollars)                                   (0.17)                                                             (0.18)
     Net loss per American Depositary Share
       (“ADS”) Basic and diluted (in dollars)         (2.23)                                                             (2.30)




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018     ANNUAL REPORT           301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


32. R E C O N C I L I A T I O N O F T H E C O M P A R A T I V E F I N A N C I A L S T A T E M E N T S W I T H T H E
    ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT IN THE PROSPECTUS (Continued)

      (i)     Adjustment to recognize the variable consideration of US$16,307 under the collaboration arrangement
              with Celgene Corporation as revenue in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year
              ended December 31, 2017 upon the early adoption of ASC 606 — Revenue from Contracts with
              Customers in preparing the accountants’ report. This is because such variable consideration related to
              Celgene’s opt-in of certain clinical trials of the Group was not constrained, which meets with the revenue
              recognition criteria of ASC 606.

      (ii)    Adjustment to charge the PRC withholding tax of US$26,090 incurred on intragroup transfer of the
              100% equity interest in BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Guangzhou as an expense in the Group’s
              consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 upon the early adoption
              of ASU 2016-16 in preparing the accountants’ report. Prior to the early adoption of ASU 2016-16, such
              PRC withholding tax arising from intragroup transfer of equity interest was deferred and carried in the
              Group’s consolidated balance sheet as a prepaid asset as of December 31, 2017 under ASC 740.

      (iii)   Adjustment to recognize the government subsidies of US$9,620 relating to the PRC withholding tax
              mentioned above as income in the Group’s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
              December 31, 2017 upon the early adoption of ASU 2016-16 in accounting for PRC withholding tax in
              preparing the accountants’ report. Previously the government subsidies of US$9,990 (re-translated at
              December 31, 2017 closing exchange rate) was carried in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 as
              other long-term liabilities. In addition, the income tax expense of US$2,405 on the government subsidies
              previously deferred as a prepaid asset of US$2,498 (re-translated at December 31, 2017 closing
              exchange rate) under ASC 740 was charged as an expense in the accountants’ report as a result of the
              recognition of such government subsidies as income in 2017. Finally, adjustments were made in the
              accountants’ report to account for the consequential impact on the Group’s noncontrolling interests of
              US$375 (re-translated at December 31, 2017 closing exchange rate) and a foreign currency translation
              difference of US$263 in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017, which arose from
              the above adjustments of government subsidies and related income tax expense applicable to a non-
              wholly-owned PRC subsidiary. The related adjustments of noncontrolling interest in the 2017 statement
              of operations in the accountants’ report was US$361.




302         BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                2018                2017
                                                                                                 US$                US$

   Assets
   Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                               227,727              30,740
     Short-term investments                                                                  885,535            439,402
     Accounts receivable                                                                     120,426               1,000
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                56,485              23,309

   Total current assets                                                                     1,290,173           494,451

   Non-current assets:
     Long-term equity investments                                                             63,246              41,985
     Property and equipment, net                                                                1,910                  —
     Other non-current assets                                                                752,804            268,558

   Total non-current assets                                                                  817,960            310,543

   Total assets                                                                             2,108,133           804,994

   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
   Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                                                         91,753              33,966
     Accrued expenses and other payables                                                      32,761              42,950

   Total current liabilities                                                                 124,514              76,916

   Non-current liabilities:
     Other long-term liabilities                                                                1,217                  —

   Total non-current liabilities                                                                1,217                  —

   Total liabilities                                                                         125,731              76,916

   Commitments and contingencies
   Shareholders’ equity (deficit):
     Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share; 9,500,000,000 shares
        authorized; 776,263,184 and 592,072,330 shares issued and
        outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively                                 77                 59
     Additional paid-in capital                                                             2,745,765         1,001,698
     Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)                                              1,428               (333)
     Accumulated deficit                                                                     (764,868)          (273,346)

   Total equity                                                                             1,982,402           728,078

   Total liabilities and equity                                                             2,108,133           804,994



                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2018    ANNUAL REPORT            303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollar (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”), except for number of shares and per share data)


34. RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                 Ordinary Shares            Additional   Accumulated    Accumulated
                                                Shares         Amount Paid-In Capital           OCI          Deficit        Total
                                                                   US$           US$            US$             US$          US$

      Balance at December 31, 2016         515,833,609              52        592,164            (99)       (126,930)    465,187

        Issuance of ordinary shares
          in follow-on offering,
          net of transaction costs          36,851,750               4        188,513             —               —      188,517
        Proceeds from sale of
          ordinary shares, net of cost      32,746,416               3        149,925             —               —      149,928
        Discount on the sale of
          ordinary shares                            —              —          23,606             —               —       23,606
        Share-based compensation                     —              —          42,863             —               —       42,863
        Issuance of shares reserved
          for share option exercises            787,571             —              —              —               —            —
        Exercise of options                  5,852,984              —           4,627             —               —        4,627
        Other comprehensive income                   —              —              —            (234)             —          (234)
        Net loss                                     —              —              —              —         (146,416)    (146,416)

      Balance at December 31, 2017         592,072,330              59      1,001,698           (333)       (273,346)    728,078

        Issuance of ordinary shares
          in connection with
          follow-on public offering        102,970,400              10        757,577             —               —      757,587
        Issuance of ordinary shares
          in connection with global
          offering and HK IPO               65,600,000               7        869,702             —               —      869,709
        Issuance of shares reserved
          for share option exercises         1,299,186              —              —              —               —            —
        Share-based compensation                     —              —          87,127             —               —       87,127
        Exercise of options and
          release of RSUs                   14,321,268               1         29,661             —               —       29,662
        Other comprehensive income                   —              —              —           1,761              —        1,761
        Net loss                                     —              —              —              —         (491,522)    (491,522)

      Balance at December 31, 2018         776,263,184              77      2,745,765          1,428        (764,868)   1,982,402



35. DIVIDENDS

      The board of directors of the Company did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the year
      ended December 31, 2018 (year ended December 31, 2017: nil).


36. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 28, 2019.


304     BEIGENE, LTD.              •     2018    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                         DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                   the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and most
                              recently amended on April 17, 2015

“2016 Plan”                   the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                              approved by our Board on November 7, 2018, and by our shareholders on
                              December 7, 2018, to replace the Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option
                              and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company on January 14, 2016

“2018 ESPP”                   the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                              approved by our Board on November 7, 2018, and by our Shareholders on
                              December 7, 2018, to replace the Amended and Restated 2018 Employee
                              Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on June 6, 2018

“2018 Inducement Plan”        the Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan adopted by the
                              Company on June 6, 2018 and most recently amended on August 7, 2018

“ADS(s)”                      American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                              Company)

“AGM”                         the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on June 5, 2019

“affiliate(s)”                with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                              controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with
                              such specified person

“Articles”                    the fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                              adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on December 7,
                              2018, as amended from time to time

“associate(s)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“BeiGene Biologics”           BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州生物藥業有限公司), a company
                              incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and indirectly
                              held by the Company as to 95% of its equity interests and by GET as to 5% of
                              its equity interests

“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”   BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd.* (廣州百濟神州生物製
                              藥有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on March 3,
                              2017 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics

“BeiGene (Suzhou)”            BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.* (百濟神州(蘇州)生物科技有限公司), a company
                              incorporated under the laws of the PRC on April 9, 2015 and an indirectly
                              wholly owned subsidiary of the Company




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT         305
DEFINITIONS


“Board”                                 the board of directors of the Company

“Celgene”                               Celgene Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware,
                                        US, on April 7, 1986 and an Independent Third Party

“China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                                        only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                        Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be construed
                                        accordingly

“Company”, “our Company” or             BeiGene, Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under
  “the Company”                         the laws of the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010

“Companies Ordinance”                   the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                        amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“connected person(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Corporate Governance Code”             the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out in
                                        Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of our Company

“FDA”                                   U.S. Food and Drug Administration

“GET”                                   Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd., a limited liability company
                                        established under the laws of the PRC on November 27, 1998 and an
                                        Independent Third Party

“Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”, the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “we”, “us”, or “our”

“Hong Kong” or “HK”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong dollars” or                  Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollar” or “HK$”

“Independent Third Party(ies)”          any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company within the
                                        meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“IPO”                                   initial public offering




306     BEIGENE, LTD.     •      2018     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                       DEFINITIONS


“Listing”                   the listing of our Shares on the Main Board

“Listing Date”              August 8, 2018, the date on which the Shares are listed and on which dealings
                            in the Shares are first permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”             the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                            Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                            time

“Main Board”                the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                            Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth
                            Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set
                            out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules

“Nasdaq”                    Nasdaq Global Select Market

“Prospectus”                the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018

“RMB” or “Renminbi”         Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC

“Reporting Period”          the year ended December 31, 2018

“SEC”                       the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States

“SFO”                       the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                            as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Shareholder(s)”            holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Share(s)”                  ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company

“Stock Exchange”            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“subsidiary(ies)”           has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                            Ordinance

“substantial shareholder”   has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules




                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2018    ANNUAL REPORT     307
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“BRAF”                   means      a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal cell
                                    signals that direct cell growth

“BTK”                    means      Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                                    pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival in
                                    various lymphomas

“complete response”      means      the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment

“immunoglobulin”         means      glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                                    are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                                    response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens, such
                                    as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction

“Kinase”                 means      a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from high-
                                    energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The protein
                                    kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act on proteins,
                                    phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or histidine
                                    residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme regulation
                                    as well as signaling in the cell

“PARP”                   means      poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous cellular
                                    processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional regulation,
                                    which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to DNA damage

“PD-1”                   means      programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor expressed
                                    on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. PD-1
                                    is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in down-regulating the
                                    immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells

“pivotal trials”         means      a potentially registration-enabling trial or program that is intended to provide
                                    clinical data to support a regulatory approval for marketing the drug candidate

“RAF dimer”              means      a protein complex formed by two copies of RAF proteins. This could be a
                                    BRAF-BRAF complex, a BRAF-CRAF complex, or a CRAF-CRAF complex

“T-Cell”                 means      a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and that
                                    differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of the T-cell
                                    receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible for recognizing
                                    antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex molecules

“TIM-3”                  means      T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3, a Th1-specific
                                    cell surface protein that functions as an immune checkpoint, regulating
                                    macrophage activation and enhancing the severity of experimental
                                    autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice




308      BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2018   ANNUAL REPORT
