2019
ANNUAL
REPORT
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                     2


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                4


BUSINESS                                                                   7


RISK FACTORS                                                              48


FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                        133


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       134


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                          171


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                  178


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                              211


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                              234


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM                  261


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        264


DEFINITIONS                                                              353


GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS                                              357




                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT    1
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE


Executive Director                                     Dr. Xiaodong Wang (Chairman)
                                                       Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. John V. Oyler                                      Mr. Thomas Malley
    (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)             Mr. Qingqing Yi


Non-Executive Directors                                COMMERCIAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE

Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                                  Mr. Anthony C. Hooper (Chairman)
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                                      Mr. Timothy Chen
                                                       Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Independent Non-Executive Directors                    Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su

Mr. Timothy Chen                                       COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
                                                       Ms. Chau Hing Ling (FCIS, FCS) of
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                       Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited
Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
                                                       AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Qingqing Yi

                                                       Mr. Scott A. Samuels
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                       Dr. Howard Liang

Mr. Thomas Malley (Chairman)
                                                       AUDITORS
Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
                                                       As to Hong Kong financial reporting audit
                                                       Ernst & Young
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

                                                       As to United States financial reporting audit
Mr. Qingqing Yi (Chairman)
                                                       Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
                                                       REGISTERED OFFICE

NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
                                                       The offices of Mourant Governance Services
    GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                                         (Cayman) Limited
                                                       94 Solaris Avenue
Mr. Donald W. Glazer (Chairman)                        Camana Bay
Mr. Michael Goller                                     Grand Cayman KY1-1108
                                                       Cayman Islands




2        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION


HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE                      PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
  OF BUSINESS IN CHINA                                 TRANSFER OFFICE


No. 30 Science Park Road                             Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
Zhong-Guan-Cun Life Science Park                     94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay
Changping District                                   Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Beijing                                              Cayman Islands
PRC
                                                     STOCK CODE
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
  HONG KONG                                          06160


Room 1901, 19/F, Lee Garden One                      COMPANY WEBSITE
33 Hysan Avenue
Causeway Bay                                         www.beigene.com
Hong Kong


LEGAL ADVISORS


As to Hong Kong law and United States law
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom


As to PRC law
Fangda Partners


As to Cayman Islands law
Mourant Ozannes


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR


Somerley Capital Limited
20th Floor, China Building
29 Queen’s Road Central
Central, Hong Kong


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR


Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT      3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including statements regarding
our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans,
objectives of management and expected growth, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements.


Forward looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, “anticipate,”
“believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “seek,” “should,”
“target,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements contain those identifying words. These forward-looking statements
include, among other things, statements about:


•    our ability to successfully commercialize BRUKINSATM (zanubrutinib) in the United States, for which we have
     obtained approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for the treatment of adult patients with
     mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”) who have received at least one prior therapy, and tislelizumab in the People’s
     Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), for which we have received approval from the National Medical
     Products Administration (“NMPA”) for the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma (“cHL”)
     who have received at least two prior therapies;


•    our ability to successfully obtain approvals in additional indications and territories for BRUKINSA and
     tislelizumab and to commercialize these and other drugs and drug candidates, if approved;


•    our ability to successfully commercialize our in-licensed drugs in China, including ABRAXANE® (paclitaxel
     albumin-bound particles for injectable suspension), REVLIMID® (lenalidomide) and VIDAZA® (azacitidine for
     injection) from Celgene Logistics Sàrl, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”), XGEVA® (denosumab),
     KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib), and BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab) from Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”), SYLVANT® (siltuximab)
     and QARZIBA® ▼ (dinutuximab beta), from EUSA Pharma (“EUSA”), and any other drugs we may in-license;


•    our ability to successfully develop and commercialize oncology assets licensed from Amgen in China pursuant
     to our global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen;


•    our ability to further develop sales and marketing capabilities and launch new drugs, if approved;


•    our ability to maintain and expand regulatory approvals for our drugs and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the pricing and reimbursement of our drugs and drug candidates, if approved;


•    the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and our research and
     development programs;




4      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•   our ability to advance our drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials;


•   our reliance on the success of our clinical-stage drug candidates;


•   our plans, expected milestones and the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals;


•   the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, drugs, drug candidates and
    technology;


•   the scope of protection we (or our licensors) are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights
    covering our drugs, drug candidates and technology;


•   our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
    property rights and proprietary technology of third parties;


•   costs associated with enforcing or defending against intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or
    violation, product liability and other claims;


•   regulatory developments in the United States, China, the United Kingdom, the European Union (“EU”) and
    other jurisdictions;


•   the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, capital requirements and our need for additional
    financing;


•   the potential benefits of strategic collaboration and licensing agreements and our ability to enter into strategic
    arrangements;


•   our ability to maintain and establish collaborations or licensing agreements;


•   our reliance on third parties to conduct drug development, manufacturing and other services;


•   our ability to manufacture and supply, or have manufactured and supplied, drug candidates for clinical
    development and drugs for commercial sale;


•   the rate and degree of market access and acceptance and reimbursement of our drugs and drug candidates,
    if approved;


•   developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies;


•   the size of the potential markets for our drugs and drug candidates and our ability to serve those markets;




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2019   ANNUAL REPORT            5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


•    our ability to effectively manage our growth;


•    our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;


•    statements regarding future revenue, hiring plans, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements and
     share performance;


•    the future trading price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADS”), and ordinary shares, and impact of
     securities analysts’ reports on these prices; and


•    other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this annual
     report.


These forward-looking statements are only predictions and we may not actually achieve the plans, intentions
or expectations disclosed in such statements, so you should not place undue reliance on them. Actual results
or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking
statements we make. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations
and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this annual
report, particularly in “Risk Factors,” that could cause actual future results or events to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of
any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make.


Since actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements,
we strongly caution investors against placing undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any
forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required
by the HK Listing Rules, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to
reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. Statements of or references to our intentions or those of any of our Directors are made as of
the date of this annual report. Any such intentions may change in light of future developments.


This annual report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe
these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to this information.


All forward-looking statements in this annual report are expressly qualified by reference to this cautionary
statement.




6      BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, the terms “BeiGene,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and
“our” refer to BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.


OVERVIEW


We are a global commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative
molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology cancer therapeutics. We started as a research and development
company in Beijing in 2010. Over the last ten years, we have developed into a fully-integrated global biotechnology
company, with significant commercial, manufacturing, and research and development capabilities.


We have built substantial commercial capabilities in China and the United States, and are currently marketing two
internally-developed drugs and three in-licensed drugs. We also anticipate introducing five more in-licensed drugs
into the China market in the next one to two years. In the United States, we market BRUKINSATM (zanubrutinib)
for adult patients with mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”) who have received at least one prior therapy and in China,
we market tislelizumab for patients with classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma (“cHL”) who have received at least two
prior therapies. In April 2020, tislelizumab received second indication approval from the National Medical Products
Administration (“NMPA”) of China as a treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial
carcinoma (“UC”) with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing
chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy.
We have filed three additional supplementary new drug applications (“sNDA”) for regulatory approvals in China and
are planning for launches in these additional indications in 2020. Our in-licensed portfolio includes ABRAXANE®,
REVLIMID® and VIDAZA®, which we have been marketing in China since 2017 under a license from Celgene
Logistics Sàrl, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”). We plan on launching additional in-licensed products
in China from our collaborations, including XGEVA® (denosumab), KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib) and BLINCYTO®
(blinatumomab) from Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”), and SYLVANT® (siltuximab) and QARZIBA® ▼ (dinutuximab beta), from
EUSA Pharma (“EUSA”).


We have built deep clinical development capabilities, including a more than 1,100-person global clinical
development team that is running over 60 ongoing or planned clinical trials that have enrolled over 7,500 patients
and healthy subjects. We are conducting late-stage clinical trials of BRUKINSA and tislelizumab, including 26
registration or registration-enabling trials in 15 discrete cancer indications. Our internal research capabilities have
yielded another late-stage asset, pamiparib, and five other internally-developed drug candidates are currently in
early-stage clinical development. In addition, we have been able to leverage our capabilities and China’s rising
importance as a clinical science center to expand our clinical and pre-clinical portfolio with in-licensed drug
candidates. We are also working with high-quality contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to manufacture
our internally-developed commercial and clinical products in China and globally and have built state-of-the-art small
molecule and biologic manufacturing facilities in China to support the launches and potential future demand of our
internally-developed products.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT             7
BUSINESS


Based on the strength of our China-inclusive global development and commercial capabilities, we have entered into
collaborations with leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to develop and commercialize innovative
medicines in China and the Asia-Pacific region. In October 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with
Amgen pursuant to which we have agreed to collaborate on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products
XGEVA, KYPROLIS, and BLINCYTO in China, and the global development and future commercialization in China
of up to 20 of Amgen’s clinical- and late pre-clinical-stage pipeline products, including AMG 510, Amgen’s
first-in-class investigational KRAS G12C inhibitor.


OUR STRATEGY


Our mission is to become a global leader in the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative
medicines for the treatment of cancer. Key elements of our strategy are as follows:


•    Realize Two Large Commercial Opportunities with BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib) and tislelizumab. Zanubrutinib
     is a wholly-owned, potentially best-in-class small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (“BTK”) for
     B-cell malignancies. We believe zanubrutinib may have efficacy and safety advantages compared to the other
     approved BTK therapies based on its ability to achieve full BTK occupancy and minimize off-target binding.
     There is a large global commercial opportunity for BTK inhibitors, with global revenues totaling approximately
     US$5.8 billion in 2019 according to published reports. We believe that our clinical experience to date in over
     2,500 patients, along with our broad clinical development plan, position us to capitalize on this commercial
     opportunity. In November 2019, we received accelerated approval for BRUKINSA from the FDA for the
     treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. We have built a commercial
     team in the United States and launched BRUKINSA in late 2019. In addition, we have submitted two sNDAs
     in China for zanubrutinib for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory (“R/R”) MCL and patients
     with R/R chronic lymphocytic leukemia (“CLL”) or small lymphocytic lymphoma (“SLL”). Both applications are
     being reviewed under priority review status. We are conducting a broad clinical program for zanubrutinib, with
     near-term data readouts expected, both as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies.


     Our most recently approved drug is tislelizumab, a wholly-owned antibody against the immune checkpoint
     receptor programmed cell death protein 1 (“PD-1”) that was designed to minimize Fc-gamma receptor
     binding (“FcγR”), which is believed to play an essential role in activating phagocytosis in macrophages, to
     minimize its negative impact on T effector cells. We received approval from the NMPA in December 2019
     to market tislelizumab for the treatment of patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies,
     and we launched tislelizumab in China in March 2020. In addition, in April 2020, we received approval for
     tislelizumab from the NMPA for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC with PD-L1
     high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within
     12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. This is the second
     indication approved for tislelizumab, and the first in a solid tumor indication. We believe that there is a large
     and growing opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China and the market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1
     antibody therapies may be especially attractive, as this class of agents has demonstrated anti-tumor activity in
     all four of the most common tumors in China: lung cancer, gastric cancer (“GC”), liver cancer and esophageal
     cancer (“EC”). According to published reports, China has a higher proportion of PD-1 responsive tumors in




8      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


    its total annual cancer incidence in comparison to other geographies like the U.S. and Europe. According
    to a published study (Chen et al., Cancer Statistics in China, 2015, CA: Cancer J. Clin. 2016; 66(2):115-32),
    which we refer to as Chen et al. 2016, the annual incidence of the top ten PD-1 responsive tumors in China is
    estimated to be 3.0 million out of 4.3 million in total annual cancer incidence. We believe that we are uniquely
    positioned to capture this opportunity with our strong presence and experience in China, our global clinical
    development capabilities, the breadth of our development plan, which has enrolled more than 5,000 patients
    to date, including 15 registration or potentially registration-enabling trials, and high-quality manufacturing.


•   Utilize Our Key Strategic Clinical and Commercial Capabilities. We believe that recent changes in the
    regulatory environment in China have led to an unprecedented opportunity in our industry. Historically, the
    regulatory environment in China was considered highly challenging, with clinical development delays and
    regulatory approvals taking much longer than in the United States and the EU. To address these challenges,
    the NMPA issued a series of reform policies and opinions, which, among other things, has expanded access
    to clinical patients and created an opportunity to expedite drug development and approval by removing delays
    and creating an environment with international quality standards for drug development, manufacturing and
    commercialization in China. These regulatory reforms allow clinical trials in China to play a major role in global
    drug development programs, with the data generated in China used to support approvals outside of China.
    However, challenges to benefit from these reforms remain, including limited contract research organization
    (“CRO”) capability, a limited talent pool and clinical data and trial management challenges. Our strategy has
    been to aggressively build our clinical development and commercial capabilities in China to take advantage
    of these changes and mitigate the challenges with accessing China as a clinical science center. Our global
    oncology development team is made up of more than 1,100 employees, approximately 60% of whom are in
    China. We are dedicated to performing studies that conform to the highest global International Council for
    Harmonisation (“ICH”) standards. We have initiated 12 global, China-inclusive pivotal studies and 26 pivotal
    or potentially registration-enabling studies. We have over 60 ongoing or planned trials and have enrolled over
    7,500 patients and healthy subjects in our clinical trials. From a commercial perspective, our strategy in China
    is to seek broader access to patients in need of innovative medicines through national reimbursement. This
    strategy requires a large commercial organization. We have increased our commercial capability from just
    over 150 people when we acquired the commercial operations of Celgene (now part of BMS) in China in 2017
    to over 900 people as of the end of 2019. We believe that we are well-positioned to launch our current and
    future pipeline of internally-developed and in-licensed drugs in China and take advantage of the opportunity
    of improved national reimbursement.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT              9
BUSINESS


•    Expand Our Portfolio by Leveraging Our Clinical and Commercial Capabilities. As many leading
     pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies evaluate opportunities in China, we believe that collaborating
     with us could allow these companies to efficiently and effectively access deep local clinical development,
     commercial and manufacturing capabilities at global quality standards. For example, we have leveraged
     our unique China-inclusive development and commercial capabilities to expand our portfolio through our
     collaboration with Amgen. In addition, we have entered into over 10 transactions since 2017 in which we have
     added innovative preclinical, clinical and/or commercial-stage drugs and drug candidates to our portfolio.
     Our strategy is to continue to aggressively evaluate licensing opportunities to add to our pipeline of drugs and
     drug candidates.


•    Pursue a New Model for Global Growth. We believe that the large addressable patient population and the
     expansion of reimbursement of innovative medicines in China can support a new business model for growth
     in our industry by allowing R&D investment for these drugs to be leveraged over a significantly larger patient
     pool, which can enable broader access worldwide with more affordable pricing as compared to the traditional
     priority market model. This global access and pricing model will allow us to leverage our strong clinical
     and commercial capabilities in China and globally. It also provides an opportunity to obtain return on the
     investments made to develop our portfolio of drug candidates. We evaluate worldwide markets by researching
     the opportunities, start-up risks and costs, and our capabilities. Subsequently, we design targeted market
     entrance strategies and plan to pursue these global markets in a staged manner based on investment and
     return analyses. We plan to seek approvals of our portfolio compounds globally in order for us to capitalize on
     these opportunities.




10    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     BUSINESS


OUR COMMERCIAL AND PIPELINE PRODUCTS


Our Commercial Products


The following table summarizes the status of our commercial products as of February 29, 2020:


                                                                                                                  BEIGENE
                                                        MECHANISM OF                 REGULATORY                   COMMERCIAL
PRODUCT                     LEAD INDICATIONS            ACTION                       STATUS                       RIGHTS           PARTNER


                            R/R mantle cell lymphoma    BTK inhibitor                Approved in the United       Global           N/A
                                                                                     States


tislelizumab                R/R classical Hodgkin’s     Anti-PD-1 antibody           Approved in China            Global           N/A
                            lymphoma


                            Breast cancer               Microtubule inhibitor        Approved in China            Mainland China



                            R/R adult multiple myeloma, Anti-angiogenesis,           Approved in China            Mainland China
                            newly diagnosed multiple    immuno-modulation
                            myeloma


                            Myelodysplastic syndromes, DNA hypomethylation           Approved in China            Mainland China
                            acute myeloid leukemia,
                            chronic myelomonocytic
                            leukemia


                            Giant cell tumor of bone    Anti-RANK ligand antibody    Approved in China            Mainland China


                            Multiple myeloma            Proteasome inhibitor         NDA filed in China           Mainland China




                            Acute lymphocytic leukemia Anti-CD19 x anti-CD3          NDA filed in China           Mainland China
                                                        bispecific (BiTE) antibody


                            Idiopathic multicentric     IL-6 antagonist              Fast track listed in China   Greater China
                            Castleman disease


QARZIBA (dinutuximab beta) High-risk neuroblastoma      Anti-GD2 antibody            Fast track listed in China   Mainland China


We commercialize the following wholly-owned cancer medicines, for which we have worldwide commercial rights:




                                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.            •      2019      ANNUAL REPORT         11
BUSINESS


BRUKINSA

BRUKINSA is a second-generation small molecule BTK inhibitor designed to maximize BTK occupancy and
minimize off-target binding effects. On November 14, 2019, BRUKINSA received accelerated approval from the
FDA as a treatment for MCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. BRUKINSA is the first
BeiGene-discovered product to be approved. Currently, we have a 100-plus person commercial team marketing
BRUKINSA in the United States. In China, we have filed NDAs for the treatment of patients with R/R MCL and
patients with R/R CLL/SLL, and those applications are pending under priority review.


Market Opportunity and Competition


Lymphomas are blood-borne cancers involving lymphatic cells of the immune system. They can be broadly
categorized into non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (“NHL”) and Hodgkin’s lymphoma (“HL”). Depending on the origin of
the cancer cells, lymphomas can also be characterized as B-cell or T-cell lymphomas. B-cell lymphomas make
up approximately 85% of NHLs and comprise a variety of specific diseases involving B-cells at differing stages of
maturation or differentiation. According to statistics from the Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results (“SEER”)
program of the U.S. National Cancer Institute, there were 74,200 new NHL cases and 19,970 deaths, and of
these NHL cases the incidence of CLL was 20,720 and there were 3,930 deaths from CLL in 2019 in the United
States. Similar SEER analyses calculated U.S. incidence rates of 3,000 for MCL and 1,350 for Waldenström’s
macroglobulinemia (“WM”). According to Chen et al. 2016, and GLOBOCAN’s online Global Cancer Observatory
analyses on cancer statistics in China, there are an estimated 88,200 to 93,097 new lymphoma cases and 52,100 to
50,865 deaths in China each year, and of the lymphoma cases, approximately 90% are NHL and approximately 4.5%
of the NHL cases are CLL/SLL.


Conventional methods of treating lymphomas vary according to the specific disease or histology, but generally
include chemotherapy, antibodies directed at CD20, a molecular marker found on the surface of B-cells, and,
less frequently, radiation. Recently, significant progress has been made in the development of new therapies for
lymphomas, including BTK inhibitors, the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (“PI3K”) inhibitors, idelalisib, copanlisib and
duvelisib, and the Bcl-2 inhibitor, venetoclax. Recently, cell-based therapies have been receiving approvals. These
include YESCARTA® (axicabtagene ciloleucel) and KYMRIAHTM (tisagenlecleucel), both anti-CD19 therapies.


The BTK inhibitor IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib) was first approved by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of patients
with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. Since that time, ibrutinib has received supplemental FDA
approvals for the treatment of patients with CLL/SLL, CLL/SLL patients with 17p deletion, patients with WM,
patients with marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) who have received at least one prior anti-CD20-based therapy,
patients with chronic graft versus host disease after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy, in combination
with rituximab in WM, and in combination with obinutuzumab in CLL/SLL. Ibrutinib is also approved by the
European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) for the treatment of patients with MCL, CLL and WM. Ibrutinib has been
approved in over 90 countries and regions, and it was approved and launched in China at the end of 2017 for the
treatment of patients with R/R CLL/SLL and R/R MCL. Subsequently, in July 2018, ibrutinib was also approved for
first-line CLL/SLL. Another BTK inhibitor, CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib) was approved by the FDA in 2017 under
accelerated approval for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy, and in
November 2019 for use in adults with CLL/SLL. In 2019, global revenues for BTK inhibitors were approximately
US$5.8 billion according to published reports.



12     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Tislelizumab

Tislelizumab is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptorPD-1, that
we specifically designed to minimize binding to FcγR, which is believed to play an essential role in activating
phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T effector cells. Tislelizumab is currently being
evaluated in a broad pivotal clinical program for both solid tumor and hematological indications, both globally
and in China. We submitted an NDA for approval in China in 2018 for the treatment of R/R cHL, which received
priority review and was approved on December 26, 2019. We are marketing tislelizumab in China. We have also
filed a sNDA in China for the treatment of urothelial bladder cancer (“UBC”) in May 2019, which received priority
review and was approved in April 2020, and we expect to submit a sNDA in first line squamous non-small cell lung
cancer (“NSCLC”) in 2020 based on the positive interim analysis of our Phase 3 study announced in January 2020.
Additionally, we plan to discuss with regulators our Phase 2 study in second- or third-line hepatocellular carcinoma
(“HCC”) in 2020, and we expect readouts from several studies of tislelizumab in 2020. We have full commercial
rights to tislelizumab, following the termination of our collaboration agreement with Celgene prior to its acquisition
by BMS.


Market Opportunity and Competition


A number of PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody drugs have been approved by the FDA. These include Merck’s KEYTRUDA®
(pembrolizumab), Bristol Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO ® (nivolumab), Roche’s TECENTRIQ ® (atezolizumab),
AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI® (durvalumab), Pfizer and Merck Sereno’s BAVENCIO® (avelumab), and Regeneron and
Sanofi’s LIBTAYO® (cemiplimab). In the global setting, several PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody agents are in clinical
development in addition to tislelizumab, such as Novartis’ PDR-001, GlaxoSmithKline/Tesaro’s TSR042, Pfizer’s
PF-06801591, and AstraZeneca’s MEDI0680. In China, as of February 14, 2020, there are five other approved
PD-1 antibodies, OPDIVO® (nivolumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), as well as Junshi’s TUOYI (toripalimab),
Innovent’s TYVYT® (sintilimab), and Hengrui’s AIRUIKA® (camrelizumab), and there are two approved PD-L1
antibody agents AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI ® (durvalumab) and Roche’s TECENTRIQ® (atezolizomab). There are
approximately 40 more PD-1 and PD-L1 agents in late-stage development in China, of which one has filed for
approval as of the end of January 2020.


Globally, the top four PD-1/PD-L1 antibody drugs had sales of approximately US$21 billion in 2019 based on public
reports. We believe that there is a large commercial opportunity in China for PD-1 and PD-L1 antibody drugs.
Currently available clinical data suggest that some of the most prevalent cancers in China, such as lung, gastric,
liver and esophageal cancer, are responsive to this class of agents. According to the World Health Organization’s
GLOBOCAN online database, in 2018 China suffered 39%, 50%, 47%, and 56% of all deaths from lung, gastric, liver,
and esophageal cancers, respectively, in the world. Collectively, these four tumor types comprised over 2.3 million
new cases in 2016 in China alone, according to Chen et al. 2016. In addition, China has a higher proportion of PD-1
responsive tumors in its total annual cancer incidence in comparison to other geographies like the U.S. or Europe.
According to Chen et al. 2016, the annual incidence of the top 10 PD-1 responsive tumors in China is estimated
to be 3.0 million out of 4.3 million in total annual cancer incidence. In comparison, the estimated annual incidence
of the top 10 PD-1 responsive tumors is 0.9 million out of 1.7 million in total annual cancer incidence in the United
States, and 0.9 million out of the 1.8 million total in the EU5 countries (United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain
and Italy) according to the SEER program of the U.S. National Cancer Institute and the World Health Organization.


We commercialize the following cancer drugs in China under an exclusive license from BMS:




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT            13
BUSINESS


ABRAXANE

ABRAXANE (paclitaxel albumin-bound particles for injectable suspension) is a solvent-free chemotherapy product
which was developed using BMS’s proprietary nanoparticle albumin-bound (nab®) technology platform. This
protein-bound chemotherapy agent combines paclitaxel with albumin. Globally, ABRAXANE is approved for uses in
breast cancer, NSCLC, pancreatic cancer, and GC, with geographic differences in labeling. In China, ABRAXANE is
approved for metastatic breast cancer after failure of combination chemotherapy for metastatic disease or relapse
within six months of adjuvant chemotherapy. Prior therapy should have included an anthracycline unless clinically
contraindicated.


According to Chen et al. 2016, there were approximately 4.3 million new cancer cases and 2.8 million cancer
deaths in China in 2015, with breast cancer as the most common tumor type in Chinese women. It is estimated that
in 2015 breast cancer affected 268,600 women and resulted in 69,500 deaths. Targeted therapy, hormone therapy
and chemotherapy are three main strategies to treat different types of breast cancer.


Taxanes are the backbone chemotherapy to treat triple negative breast cancer, Her2+ or aggressive
estrogen-receptor-positive and/or progesterone-receptor-positive breast cancer patients. ABRAXANE is the only
currently approved taxane that does not need pre-medication with dexamethasone to prevent hypersensitivity
reactions, and several Phase 3 trials have demonstrated its efficacy and safety based on comparison to
solvent-based taxanes in both metastatic and neo-adjuvant breast cancer settings. Unlike other taxanes,
ABRAXANE has demonstrated unique and strong efficacy in pancreatic cancer and has become the backbone of
first line standard of care for metastatic pancreatic cancer (“mPC”) globally.


The taxanes marketed in China include two branded solvent-based paclitaxel (TAXOL® and ANZATAX) formulations,
one branded docetaxel (TAXOTERE®) formulation, one paclitaxel liposome (LIPUSU®), one albumin-bound paclitaxel
(ABRAXANE) and generic forms of solvent-based taxanes and ABRAXANE, including albumin-bound paclitaxel
products from CSPC Pharmaceutical Group, Hengrui and Qilu. LIPUSU is currently the market leader with
approximately one-third of the market share.


On May 30, 2019 we announced that the NMPA accepted the supplemental import drug application for ABRAXANE
in combination with gemcitabine, as a first-line treatment of patients with mPC.


On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to
the Company by Celgene, a BMS company. This suspension is based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract
manufacturing facility in the United States. Following additional meetings with the health authorities, Celgene has
initiated a voluntary recall of all existing stock of ABRAXANE in mainland China. As a result, we expect a disruption
in ABRAXANE supply in China and are working closely with BMS to restore supply as soon as possible, including
through BMS’s remediation efforts at the current manufacturing site and application to qualify an alternative
manufacturing site for China supply. On March 25, 2020, the China National Healthcare Security Administration
removed ABRAXANE from the volume-based procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision to suspend the
importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE.




14     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


REVLIMID

REVLIMID (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory drug that was approved in China in 2013 for the treatment
of multiple myeloma (“MM”) in combination with dexamethasone in adult patients who have received at least one
prior therapy. In February 2018, REVLIMID received NMPA approval of a new indication for the treatment of MM in
combination with dexamethasone in adult patients with previously untreated MM who are not eligible for transplant.


Globally, the incidence of MM is estimated at two to three per 100,000, with a male-to-female ratio of 1.6:1, and
most patients are over 40 years old, according to Siegel et al., 2011 and IMS analysis. It is estimated that the
incidence rate of MM is approximately one to two per 100,000 people in China, or approximately 21,000 new
patients in 2019, out of which 10,000 are in urban populations, according to Lu et al., 2014, IMS analysis, and local
market research. With a growing aging population and improving diagnosis, China has seen a steady increase in
MM incidence.


Although MM cannot be cured, the progression of the disease can be controlled. The purpose of treatment is to
extend patients’ survival and improve quality of life. The main treatments for MM in China include VELCADE®, which
is a proteasome inhibitor marketed by Johnson & Johnson in China since 2006, REVLIMID, NINLARO® (ixazomib),
an oral proteasome inhibitor developed by Takeda, and generic forms of VELCADE and REVLIMID. VELCADE
currently dominates the market in first-line MM treatment in China, while VELCADE and REVLIMID share the market
in the second line. Chinese guidelines recommend lenalidomide as a standard of care for the treatment of R/R and
newly diagnosed MM as well as in the maintenance setting.


REVLIMID was listed on the National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) in June 2017. On November 12, 2019, we
announced that REVLIMID received formal inclusion on the NRDL in China for R/R MM. On December 22, 2019 we
announced that our sNDA for the use of REVLIMID in R/R indolent lymphoma was accepted by the NMPA.


VIDAZA

VIDAZA (azacitidine for injection) is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to reverse the effects of
DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression. VIDAZA was approved in China in April 2017
for the treatment of intermediate-2 and high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes (“MDS”), chronic myelomonocyte
leukemia (“CMML”) and acute myeloid leukemia (“AML”) with 20% to 30% blasts and multi-lineage dysplasia. In
January 2018, VIDAZA became commercially available in China.


MDS are a group of cancers in which immature blood cells in the bone marrow do not mature and therefore do
not become healthy blood cells. Approximately seven per 100,000 people are affected with approximately four per
100,000 people newly acquiring the condition each year globally according to Germing et al., 2013. The typical
age of onset is 70 years. The higher-risk MDS (intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS) is considered fatal because the
median overall survival rate is only 0.4-1.1 years and nearly 30% of these patients progress to AML, according to
the U.S. National Comprehensive Cancer Network (“NCCN”), MDS guideline 2013 and MDS Foundation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT            15
BUSINESS


In China, the main treatments for intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS are conventional care regimen (“CCR”) (best
supportive care, low-dose cytarabine and intensive chemotherapy), and hypomethylating agents (“HMAs”).
DACOGEN® (decitabine) marketed by Johnson & Johnson was the first HMA agent approved in China in 2009. In
the past several years, at least six decitabine generics have become available. In 2017, decitabine was listed in the
NRDL. Nevertheless, there are still over 50% of higher-risk MDS patients treated with CCR and the unmet need
remains large.


VIDAZA is the only approved HMA shown to prolong survival for patients with MDS. Besides reversing the effects
of DNA hypermethylation, VIDAZA inhibits protein synthesis via RNA incorporation. VIDAZA is a Category 1
recommended treatment for patients with intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS, according to the U.S. NCCN guideline.
It is also a first-line recommended treatment for patients with intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS, according to the
Chinese MDS treatment guidelines, and was listed on the NRDL in October 2018.


We are planning to commercialize the following cancer drugs in China under an exclusive license from Amgen:


XGEVA

XGEVA (denosumab) is an antibody-based RANK ligand (“RANKL”) inhibitor that was approved globally for the
prevention of skeletal-related events (“SREs”) in patients with MM, for the prevention of SREs in patients with bone
metastases from solid tumors and for treatment of adults and skeletally mature adolescents with giant cell tumor of
bone (“GCTB”). XGEVA is approved in over 70 countries worldwide. In China, it was approved in 2019 for patients
with GCTB and is in development in China for prevention of SREs in cancer patients with bone metastases.


KYPROLIS

KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), a proteasome inhibitor, has been approved in over 60 countries for use in patients with
relapsed and/or refractory MM. It has been filed in China as a treatment for patients with MM, and the NDA has
been accepted by the NMPA.


BLINCYTO

BLINCYTO (blinatumomab), a bispecific CD-19 directed CD3 T-cell engager, is the first and only approved
bi-specific T-cell engager (“BiTE”) immunotherapy. It has been approved in 60 countries for use in patients with
acute lymphoblastic leukemia (“ALL”). It has been filed in China as a treatment for adult patients with R/R ALL, and
the NDA has been accepted and granted priority review by the NMPA.


We are planning to commercialize the following cancer drugs in China under an exclusive license from EUSA:




16      BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                BUSINESS


SYLVANT

SYLVANT (siltuximab), an interleikin-6 (IL-6) antagonist, that was approved as a treatment for patients with
idiopathic multicentric Castleman disease who are human immunodeficiency virus (“HIV”) negative and human
herpesvirus-8 (“HHV-8”) negative. It has been been listed for fast-track approval in China by the NMPA under its
Review and Approval Procedures for Urgently-Needed Pharmaceutical Drugs Developed Overseas.


QARZIBA

QARZIBA (dinutuximab beta), a mouse-human chimeric monoclonal lgG1 antibody, that was approved as a
treatment of high-risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months and above, who have previously received
induction chemotherapy and achieved at least a partial response (“PR”). It has been listed for fast-track approval
in China by the NMPA under its Review and Approval Procedures for Urgently-Needed Pharmaceutical Drugs
Developed Overseas.


Our Pipeline Products


The following table summarizes the status of our internally-discovered drug candidates as of February 29, 2020:

                 DRUG                          DOSE ESC.       DOSE EXPANSION                PIVOTAL
                                PROGRAMS                                                                       FILED   MARKET
              CANDIDATES                         Phase 1a     Phase 1b      Phase 2*   Phase 2**     Phase 3
                                               R/R MCL (Accelerated approval in the U.S. Nov. 14, 2019)
                                               R/R MCL, R/R CLL/SLL (NDAs accepted by NMPA)
                                               R/R WM
                                monotherapy WM, 1L CLL/SLL, R/R CLL/SLL
                zanubrutinib
                  (BTK)                        R/R MZL
                                               Previously treated CLL/SLL (ibrutinib
                                               intolerant)
                                 + rituximab   1L MCL
                               + obinutuzumab R/R FL
                                               R/R cHL (approved December 26, 2019)
                                               2L+ UC (NDA accepted by NMPA)
                                monotherapy    2L NSCLC, 1L HCC, 2L ESCC
                                               2L/3L HCC
                tislelizumab                   R/R NK/T-cell lymphoma
                   (PD-1)                      1L Sq. NSCLC, 1L Non-Sq. NSCLC, 1L NPC, 1L SCLC
                                   + chemo
                                               1L GC, 1L ESCC
                                 + pamiparib
                                               Solid tumors
                                   (PARP)
                                + zanubrutinib
                                               B-cell malignancies
                                    (BTK)
                                               1L platinum-sensitive GC maintenance
                                               2L platinum-sensitive OC maintenance
                                monotherapy
                                               3L gBRCA+ OC
                 pamiparib
                  (PARP)                       Solid tumors
                               + TMZ (chemo) Solid tumors
                                  + RT/TMZ     Glioblastom
                                 (RT/chemo) a
                                               B-Raf- or K-RAS/N-RAS-mutated solid
              lifirafenib (RAF                 tumors
                                monotherapy
                     Dimer)                    B-Raf- or K-RAS/N-RAS-mutated solid
                                               tumors
              BGB-A333 (PD- monotherapy + Solid tumors
                       L1)      tislelizumab
                  BGB-A425 monotherapy + Solid tumors
                    (TIM-3)     tislelizumab
                 BGB-A1217      + tislelizumab Solid tumors
                    (TIGIT)
                  BGB-11417 monotherapy + Phase 1 in hematologic malignancies
                     (Bcl-2)    zanubrutinib planned in 1H 2020

              Global
              China



                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.              •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT      17
BUSINESS


*    Some indications will not require a non-pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial prior to beginning pivotal Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical
     trials. **Confirmatory clinical trials post approval are required for accelerated approvals.


     Abbreviations: 1L = first line; 2L = second line; 3L = third line; AML = acute myeloid leukemia; Bcl-2 = B-cell lymphoma
     2; BTK = Bruton’s tyrosine kinase; cHL = classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma; CLL = chronic lymphocytic leukemia; Dose Esc
     = dose escalation; ESCC = esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; FL = follicular lymphoma; gBRCA = germline BRCA
     (Breast Cancer); GC = gastric cancer; HCC = hepatocellular carcinoma; MCL = mantle cell lymphoma; MZL = marginal
     zone lymphoma; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; NDA = new drug application; NK = natural killer; NMPA = National
     Medical Products Administration; NPC = nasopharyngeal carcinoma; OC = ovarian cancer; PARP = poly ADP-ribose
     polymerase; PD-1 = programmed cell death protein 1; PD-L1 = programmed death-ligand 1; PH = Phase; R/R = relapsed/
     refractory; RT = radiotherapy; SLL = small lymphocytic lymphoma; SCLC = small cell lung cancer; Sq = squamous; TIGIT =
     T-cell immunoreceptor with Ig and ITIM domains; TIM-3 = T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3; TMZ =
     temozolomide; UC = urothelial carcinoma; WM = Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia.


The following table summarizes the status of our in-licensed drug candidates as of February 29, 2020:

               DRUG                                        DOSE ESCALATION / EXPANSION               PIVOTAL           COMMERCIAL
                                  DESCRIPTION
            CANDIDATES                                           Phase 1         Phase 2*         Phase 2^ Phase 3       RIGHTS

             Sitravatinib     (multi-kinase inhibitor) 1   NSCLC, RCC, OC,                                           Asia ex-Japan, NZ, AU
                                                           MEL, HCC/GEJ
            Mirdametinib      + lifirafenib (Raf dimer)    Solid tumors
               ME401           + zanubrutinib (BTK)        B-cell malignancies
               ZW25         (bispecific HER2 antibody) 2 Planned (in Ph2 ex-China by Zymeworks)                      Asia ex-Japan, NZ, AU
               ZW49         (bispecific anti-HER2 ADC) 2 Planned (in Ph1 ex-China by Zymeworks)                      Asia ex-Japan, NZ, AU
              AMG 510            (KRAS G12C, SM) 3         Solid tumors                                                     China
              AMG 596            (EGFRvIII, BiTE) 3        Glioblastoma                                                     China
              AMG 757           (DLL3, HLE BiTE) 3         SCLC                                                             China
              AMG 160           (PSMA, HLE BiTE) 3         Prostate                                                         China
              AMG 212               (PSMA, BiTE) 3         Prostate                                                         China
              AMG 506        (FAP x 4-1BB, DARPin®) 3 Solid tumors                                                          China
              AMG 701           (BCMA, HLE BiTE) 3    MM                                                                    China
              AMG 420             (BCMA, BiTE) 3           MM                                                               China
              AMG 176            (Mcl-1, SM (i.v.)) 3      Hematologic                                                      China
              AMG 397            (Mcl-1, SM (oral)) 3      Hematologic                                                      China
              AMG 330               (CD33, BiTE) 3         AML                                                              China
              AMG 673           (CD33, HLE BiTE) 3         AML                                                              China
              AMG 427           (FLT3, HLE BiTE) 3         AML                                                              China
              AMG 562          (CD19, HLE BiTE) 3          NHL                                                              China

            Global
            China




18     BEIGENE, LTD.            •      2019       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                BUSINESS


*    Some indications will not require a non-pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial prior to beginning pivotal Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical
     trials. ^Confirmatory clinical trials post approval are required for accelerated approvals. 1. Collaboration with Mirati
     Therapeutics, Inc.; APAC study. 2. Collaboration with Zymeworks. 3. Collaboration with Amgen.


     Abbreviations: ADC = antibody drug conjugate; AML = acute myeloid leukemia; AU = Australia; BCMA = B-cell maturation
     antigen; BiTE = Bi-specific T-cell engager; BTK = Bruton’s tyrosine kinase; CD## = cluster of differentiation; DLL3 = delta-
     like ligand 3; EGFRvIII = epidermal growth factor receptor variant III; FAP = familial adenomatous polyposis; FLT3 = fms-
     like tyrosine kinase 3; GEJ = gastro-esophageal junction; HER2 = human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HCC =
     hepatocellular carcinoma; HLE = half-life extended; i.v. = intravenous; KRAS = gene for K version of Ras (rat sarcoma)
     protein; Mcl-1 = Myeloid cell leukemia-1; MEL = melanoma; MM = multiple myeloma; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer;
     NZ = New Zealand; OC = ovarian cancer; PH = Phase; PSMA = prostate-specific membrane antigen; RCC = renal cell
     carcinoma; SCLC = small cell lung cancer; SM = small molecule.


OUR CLINICAL-STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


A description of our clinical-stage drug candidates and clinical data from selected clinical trials is set forth below.
Historically, we have made available, and we intend to continue to make available, clinical data and/or topline
results from clinical trials of our drug candidates in our press releases and/or filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”), copies of which are
available on the Investors section of our website.


Zanubrutinib, a BTK Inhibitor


Zanubrutinib, is a small molecule inhibitor of BTK that is approved in the United States for the treatment of MCL
in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. It is currently being evaluated in a broad pivotal
clinical program globally and in China as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies to treat various
lymphomas. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated higher selectivity against BTK than IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), an approved
BTK inhibitor, based on our biochemical assays; higher exposure than ibrutinib based on their respective Phase
1 experience in separate studies; and sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood and lymph
node compartments. We recently reported data from our Phase 3 ASPEN study which compared zanubrutinib
with ibrutinib in WM. While the trial did not achieve statistical significance on its primary endpoint of superiority
in complete response and very good partial response (“VGPR”) rates for zanubrutinib compared to ibrutinib,
zanubrutinib demonstrated a higher VGPR rate as well as improvements in safety and tolerability.


Mechanism of Action

BTK is a key component of the B-cell receptor (“BCR”), signaling pathway and is an important regulator of cell
proliferation and cell survival in various lymphomas. BTK inhibitors block BCR-induced BTK activation and its
downstream signaling, leading to growth inhibition and cell death in certain malignant white blood cells called B-cells.
Zanubrutinib is an orally active inhibitor that covalently binds to BTK, resulting in irreversible inactivation of the
enzyme.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT              19
BUSINESS


Summary of Clinical Results

As of January 15, 2020, we had enrolled more than 2,500 patients in clinical trials of zanubrutinib, including trials of
zanubrutinib in combination with other therapies, which we refer to as combination trials. A multi-center, open-label
Phase 1 trial is being conducted in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, South Korea and Europe to assess
the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic properties and preliminary activity of zanubrutinib as a monotherapy in
patients with different subtypes of B-cell malignancies, such as WM, CLL/SLL, follicular lymphoma (“FL”), and MCL.
The initial results of the dose-escalation phase and dose-expansion phase of this trial demonstrated that, consistent
with zanubrutinib’s pharmacokinetic profile, complete and sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in the blood was
observed in all tested patients, starting at the lowest dose of 40 mg once daily (“QD”). In addition, sustained full BTK
occupancy was observed in the lymph nodes with the 160 mg twice-daily (“BID”) dosing regimen. We substantially
expanded the clinical development program for zanubrutinib based on these early results to include late stage
clinical studies in WM, CLL/SLL, MCL, FL and MZL. In addition, we have several studies ongoing in DLBCL, both
monotherapy and combinations, and we have several combination studies in CLL including combinations with the
Bcl-2 inhibitor venetoclax and a planned study with our internally-discovered Bcl-2 inhibitor, BGB-14417. All of the
studies discussed below were presented at major medical conferences and were the subject of a press release and
a filing with the SEC. These sources have further details on each study. The first readout of our late-stage program
was recently reported, the ASPEN study in WM (NCT03053440), discussed below.


Mantle Cell Lymphoma


We presented two data sets in MCL at the 15th International Conference on Malignant Lymphoma that took place
on June 18-22, 2019 in Lugano, Switzerland (the “2019 ICML”), and it was these two data sets that formed the
basis for our accelerated approval in MCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy that we
received from the U.S. FDA in November 2019.


The first trial (NCT03206970, also known as BGB-3111-206) is a single-arm, open-label, multi-center, pivotal Phase
2 trial of zanubrutinib as a monotherapy in patients with R/R MCL. The trial is being conducted in China and enrolled
86 patients who had received a median of two (1-4) prior lines of therapy. Patients were treated with zanubrutinib,
dosed at 160 mg orally BID. The primary endpoint of the trial is overall response rate (“ORR”) assessed by an
independent review committee (“IRC”) using PET-based imaging according to the Lugano Classification 2014. As of
the February 15, 2019 data cutoff, 52 patients (60.5%) remained on study treatment. The median follow-up time for
patients enrolled in the trial was 18.4 months (0.3-23.5).


The investigator-assessed ORR was 83.7% (72/86). The complete response (“CR”) rate was 77.9% (67/86) and
the PR rate was 5.8% (5/86). At an earlier data cutoff in March 2018 (8.2 months median follow-up), the ORR, CR
and PR were 84.7%, 72.9%, and 11.8% per investigator assessment, and 83.5%, 58.8%, and 24.7% per IRC
assessment, respectively. The 15-month progression-free survival (“PFS”) by investigator was estimated at 72.1%,
and median PFS follow-up was 19.1 months (0.0-22.3). With 16.4 months median follow-up (2.3-19.5), the duration
of response (“DOR”) by investigator at 15 months was 67.4%.




20     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                               BUSINESS


The second set of data was the MCL cohort of our BGB-3111-AU-003 study (NCT02343120). This open-label,
multi-center Phase 1/2 trial of zanubrutinib as a monotherapy in patients with different subtypes of B-cell
malignancies, including MCL, is being conducted in the United States, Australia, Italy, South Korea, New Zealand,
and the United Kingdom. As of the December 13, 2018 data cut-off, 53 patients with treatment naïve (TN, n=16)
or R/R (n=37) MCL had been enrolled in the trial and the median follow-up time was 15.4 months (0.1-38.2).
Forty-eight patients (all 37 R/R and 11 TN) were evaluable for efficacy with median follow-up time of 16.7 months
(1.6-38.2) in this analysis, per the Lugano 2014 Classification. At the time of the data cutoff, 27 patients (13 TN and
14 R/R) remained on study treatment.


The investigator-assessed ORR was 85.4% (41/48); the CR rate was 29.2% (14/48) and the PR rate was 56.3%
(27/48). The majority of patients were assessed via CT-scan; PET scan was optional per trial protocol. The median
DOR was 16.2 months (0.03-28.2) for all patients. The median PFS for patients with R/R MCL was 17.3 months.
Response rates shown in the table below from this study are for the 32 patients who had R/R disease and received
the full 160mg BID dose of zanubrutinib.


The following table shows the efficacy data included in our label in the United States for BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib)
for the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy:


                                                                                         Study BGB-       Study BGB-3111-
                                                                                    3111-206 (N=86)          AU-003 (N=32)


ORR (95% CI)                                                                            84% (74, 91)            84% (67, 95)
CR                                                                                               59%                   22% *
PR                                                                                               24%                     62%
Median DoR in months (95% CI)                                                         19.5 (16.6, NE)         18.5 (12.6, NE)

ORR: overall response rate, CR: complete response, PR: partial response, DoR: duration of response, CI: confidence interval, NE:
     not estimable


*     FDG-PET scans were not required for response assessment


In the BGB-3111-206 study, the tolerability of zanubrutinib was generally consistent with previous reports of
zanubrutinib treatment in patients with various B-cell malignancies. The majority of treatment-emergent adverse
events (“TEAEs”) were grade 1 or 2 in severity, with the most frequently reported being neutrophil count decreased
(44.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (34.9%), rash (33.7%), white blood cell count decrease (31.4%), and
platelet count decrease (25.6%). Grade ≥3 TEAEs were reported in 36 patients (41.9%), with the most frequently
reported being neutrophil count decrease (18.6%), lung infection (7.0%), white blood cell count decrease (5.8%),
and anemia (5.8%). Five patients (5.8%) had TEAEs leading to death (one case each of pneumonia, cerebral
hemorrhage, traffic accident, and two cases of death with unknown cause). Among TEAEs of special interest for
BTK inhibitors, hypertension was reported in 13 patients (15.1%), petechiae/purpura/contusion in four patients
(4.7%), and major hemorrhage in three patients (3.5%); no cases of atrial fibrillation/flutter, secondary primary
malignancy, or tumor lysis syndrome were reported in this trial.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT             21
BUSINESS


In the BGB-3111-AU-003 study, the majority of adverse events (“AEs”) were grade 1 or 2 in severity. The most
frequently reported AEs included contusion (39.6%), diarrhea (34.0%), upper respiratory tract infection (26.4%),
constipation (22.6%), fatigue (22.6%), and rash (18.9%). Grade ≥3 AEs were reported in 54.7% patients, with the
most frequent being anemia (9.4%), myalgia (5.7%), cellulitis (5.7%), pleural effusion (5.7%), and pneumonia (5.7%).
Discontinuation due to AEs occurred in 18.9% patients with two determined to be related to study drug (one case
each of peripheral edema and subdural hematoma). There were five deaths due to AEs, which were all determined
by the investigators to be unrelated to zanubrutinib treatment.


Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia – ASPEN Study


On December 16, 2019, we announced topline results from our Phase 3 ASPEN trial (NCT03053440) of zanubrutinib
compared to ibrutinib for the treatment of patients with WM. The trial did not achieve statistical significance on
its primary endpoint of superiority in CR and VGPR rates for zanubrutinib compared to ibrutinib, but zanubrutinib
demonstrated more frequent VGPRs (28.4% versus 19.2% in overall population) and advantages in safety and
tolerability.


The ASPEN trial is a randomized Phase 3 trial in 229 patients with WM conducted in 61 centers in Europe, Australia,
and the United States. ASPEN is the largest Phase 3 trial yet conducted in WM and the first comparative trial
readout for two BTK inhibitors. The study included two cohorts, a randomized cohort (cohort 1) consisting of 201
patients with a MYD88 mutation and a non-randomized cohort (cohort 2) in which 28 patients with MYD88 wild-type
(“MYD88WT”) received zanubrutinib because MYD88WT patients have historically responded poorly to ibrutinib
therapy. The randomized cohort 1 enrolled 102 patients (including 83 R/R patients and 19 treatment-naïve (“TN”)
patients) in the zanubrutinib arm and 99 patients (including 81 R/R patients and 18 TN patients) in the ibrutinib arm.
Patients in the zanubrutinib arm were assigned to receive zanubrutinib 160 mg BID and patients in the ibrutinib
arm received 420 mg of ibrutinib QD. Responses were determined according to the modified Sixth International
Workshop on WM Criteria.


Results included:                                                   R/R                            Overall
                                                       Zanubrutinib          Ibrutinib   Zanubrutinib        Ibrutinib
Efficacy                                                    (N = 83)         (N = 81)       (N = 102)        (N = 99)


VGPR + CR Rate                                                28.9%            19.8%          28.4%            19.2%
PFS (12 month) (CI)                                           92.4%            85.9%          89.7%            87.2%
                                                        (88.9 – 98.8)   (75.9 – 91.9)    (81.7 – 94.3)   (78.6 – 92.5)
OS (12 month) (CI)                                            98.8%            92.5%          97.0%            93.9%
                                                        (91.6 – 99.8)     84.1 – 96.6)   (90.9 – 99.0)   (86.8 – 97.2)




22      BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     BUSINESS


As of data cutoff of August 31, 2019, with a median follow-up of 19.4 months, results from cohort 1 are shown
above. In R/R patients, the VGPR rate as assessed by IRC was 28.9% in the zanubrutinib arm and 19.8% in
the ibrutinib arm (2-sided p=0.1160, no patients achieved a CR in either arm). In the overall patient population,
the VGPR rate as assessed by IRC was 28.4% in the zanubrutinib arm and 19.2% in the ibrutinib arm (2-sided
descriptive p=0.0921, no patients achieved a CR in either arm). In the R/R patient population, the major response
rate (“MRR”), which is the rate of PR or better, as assessed by IRC was 78.3% in the zanubrutinib arm and 80.2%
in the ibrutinib arm; in the overall patient population, the MRR was 77.5% in the zanubrutinib arm and 77.8% in the
ibrutinib arm. The 12-month PFS rate was 92.4% (83.8-96.5) in R/R patients and 89.7% (81.7-94.3) in all patients
in the zanubrutinib arm, compared to 85.9% (75.9-91.9) in R/R patients and 87.2% (78.6-92.5) in all patients in
the ibrutinib arm; and the 12-month overall survival (OS) rate was 98.8% (91.6-99.8) for R/R patients and 97.0%
(90.9-99.0) for all patients in the zanubrutinib arm, compared to 92.5% (84.1-96.6) in R/R patients and 93.9%
(86.8-97.2) in all patients in the ibrutinib arm.


                                                                                    Zanubrutinib          Ibrutinib
Safety                                                                           Overall (n = 101) Overall (n = 98)


Grade >3 AEs                                                                               58.4%            63.3%
Treatment discontinuation due to AEs                                                     4 (4.0%)          9 (9.2%)
Fatal AEs                                                                                1 (1.0%)          4 (4.1%)
Atrial fibrillation/flutter of any grade                                                    2.0%            15.3%
Minor bleeding                                                                             48.5%            59.2%
Major hemorrhage                                                                            5.9%              9.2%
Diarrhea                                                                                   20.8%            31.6%
Neutropenia                                                                                29.7%            13.3%


Zanubrutinib showed a favorable safety profile compared to ibrutinib, with grade >3 AEs of 58.4% in the
zanubrutinib arm and 63.3% in the ibrutinib arm. In the zanubrutinib arm, four (4.0%) patients discontinued
treatment due to AEs and there was one (1.0%) fatal AE; in the ibrutinib arm, nine patients (9.2%) discontinued
due to AEs and there were four (4.1%) fatal AEs. For AEs of special interest for BTK inhibitors, atrial fibrillation/
flutter of any grade was 2.0% in the zanubrutinib arm and 15.3% in the ibrutinib arm; minor bleeding was 48.5%
for zanubrutinib and 59.2% for ibrutinib; major hemorrhage was 5.9% for zanubrutinib and 9.2% for ibrutinib;
and diarrhea was 20.8% for zanubrutinib and 31.6% for ibrutinib; and the rate of neutropenia was higher in the
zanubrutinib arm (29.7%) as compared to the ibrutinib arm (13.3%).




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT            23
BUSINESS


Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia/Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma


In general, the most recent data that we have presented on the use of zanubrutinib in patients with WM and CLL/
SLL are consistent with our earlier data, which we believe supports our pursuit of a broad development program
including these two indications. Data from several trials investigating the use of zanubrutinib in WM and CLL/SLL
were presented during 2019. At the 24th Congress of the European Hematology Association that took place on
June 13-16 in Amsterdam (the “2019 EHA”), we presented data from the MYD88WT cohort of the ASPEN study
(NCT03053440) as well as the WM cohort of our first-in-human global Phase 1/2 study (NCT02343120). At the 2019
ICML, we reported on two data sets, our pivotal Phase 2 results (NCT03206918) and a combination study with
obinutuzumab (NCT02569476). We also reported data in CLL/SLL from two studies at the 61st American Society
of Hematology (“ASH”) Annual Meeting in Orlando, FL from Arm C of the SEQUOIA trial (NCT03336333) in patients
with the deletion of chromosome 17p13.1 (del17p) and from the CLL/SLL cohort of our first in man global Phase
1/2 study (NCT02343120). Data from these studies and the other studies summarized in this annual report were
included in press releases issued at the time of the medical conferences and included in our current reports or
announcements filed with the SEC and HKEx, respectively.


Other Lymphomas


We are also investigating zanubrutinib for the treatment of patients with several other lymphomas. We have studies
ongoing in FL, MZL, and DLBCL, and we reported data from two FL studies in 2019, one monotherapy study and
one in combination with obinutuzumab. Results from the combination study with obinutuzumab (NCT02569476) in
FL were presented at the 2019 ICML, while data in FL from our Phase 1 study (NCT03189524) in Chinese patients
were reported at the 22nd Annual Meeting of the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology that took place September
18-22, 2019 in Xiamen, China (the “2019 CSCO”).


Analysis of Safety Data from Monotherapy Trials


Pooled safety data from 682 patients enrolled in six ongoing, Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials of zanubrutinib
monotherapy, for WM, MCL, CLL/SLL, DLBCL and other B-cell malignancies were presented at the 2019 EHA.
The majority of patients had R/R disease; almost all patients received zanubrutinib at a dose of 320mg QD or
160mg BID. The median duration of zanubrutinib exposure was 13.4 months (0.1-49.7). This analysis included an
evaluation of the frequency and severity of AEs, AEs of special interest (AESIs), and AEs leading to death, dose
reduction, or treatment discontinuation. Ninety-seven percent of patients reported at least one AE, which were
primarily grade 1 or 2. The most common AEs of all grades included upper respiratory tract infection (32.4%),
neutrophil count decreased (25.2%), diarrhea (19.4%), cough (19.1%), contusion (18.6%), and rash (18%). The
most common grade ≥3 AEs included neutrophil count decreased (14.4%), anemia (7.6%), neutropenia (6.6%),
pneumonia (4.5%), platelet count decreased (4.3%), and lung infection (4.1%). Serious AEs (SAEs), consisting
primarily of infectious complications such as pneumonia/lung infection, were reported in 36% of patients. AESIs
such as atrial fibrillation/flutter (1.9%), major hemorrhage (2.5%), and grade ≥3 hypertension (3.4%) were infrequent,
and treatment discontinuation due to AEs was uncommon (9.1% overall, including 3.5% for whom the event(s) were
treatment-related).




24     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Clinical Development Plan

We received accelerated approval from the U.S. FDA in November 2019 for zanubrutinib for use in adult MCL
patients who have received at least one prior therapy. In addition, zanubrutinib was granted Fast Track designation
by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of patients with WM in July 2018 and Breakthrough Therapy designation in
January 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. We plan
to discuss our ASPEN study results in WM with the FDA and EMA in 2020. In China, we have announced the
acceptance of our filings for approval in R/R MCL and R/R CLL/SLL in August 2018 and October 2018, respectively,
and we expect approval for both indications in the first half of 2020. We also expect to submit a sNDA in China for
zanubrutinib for the treatment of R/R WM in 2020.


Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that zanubrutinib has a potentially best-in-class profile, and we are
running a broad global pivotal program in multiple indications, including nine registration or registration-enabling
clinical trials. Four of the nine studies are Phase 3 and five are designed to be registration-enabling Phase 2.


We have an ongoing monotherapy head-to-head Phase 3 trial versus ibrutinib in WM (ASPEN), which has
reported topline results and study follow-up is underway. We plan to report full ASPEN study details at a medical
conference in 2020. We are also conducting an ongoing Phase 3 trial compared to bendamustine and rituximab
in patients with TN CLL/SLL (SEQUOIA) and a head-to-head Phase 3 trial in R/R CLL/SLL versus ibrutinib
(ALPINE). We have completed patient enrollment in SEQUOIA and expect interim results as early as 2020. We also
expect to finish expanded patient enrollment in ALPINE in 2020. Our fourth Phase 3 trial is an ongoing Phase 3
confirmatory trial in patients with TN MCL. Additionally, we have five ongoing Phase 2 trials that are designed to
be registration-enabling, including four monotherapy studies in R/R MCL, R/R WM, R/R CLL/SLL, and R/R MZL
(MAGNOLIA) and an ongoing pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination with GAZYVA® (obinutuzumab) in patients with
R/R FL (ROSEWOOD), which is designed as a pivotal trial for accelerated or conditional approval and will require
a confirmatory study. Finally, we are also investigating zanubrutinib in several combination studies in DLBCL and
CLL/SLL, including two studies in CLL/SLL investigating venetoclax combinations.


If we receive conditional approval instead of full approval, we will be required to conduct one or more confirmatory
studies after such conditional approvals.


Tislelizumab, an anti-PD-1 Antibody


Tislelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 that is currently
being evaluated in pivotal clinical trials globally and in China and for which we plan to commence additional pivotal
trials as a monotherapy and in combination with standard of care to treat various solid and hematological cancers.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          25
BUSINESS


Mechanism of Action

Cells called cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (“CTLs”) provide an important self-defense mechanism against cancer,
patrolling the body, recognizing cancer cells due to immunogenic features that differ from normal cells, and killing
cancer cells by injecting deleterious proteins into them. T-lymphocytes have various mechanisms that prevent
them from damaging normal cells, among which is a protein called PD-1 receptor, that is expressed on the surface
of T-lymphocytes. PD-L1 is an important signaling protein that can engage PD-1. PD-L1 binding to PD-1 sends
an inhibitory signal inside the T-lymphocyte and suppresses its cytotoxic effects. Many types of cancer cells have
hijacked the PD-L1 expression system that normally exists in healthy cells. By expressing PD-L1, cancer cells
protect themselves from being killed by CTLs. Anti-PD-1 therapies are designed to bind to and block downstream
activity of PD-1, allowing the immune system to combat cancer cells.


Tislelizumab is a monoclonal antibody designed to specifically bind to PD-1, without activating the receptor,
thereby blocking engagement of PD-1 by its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. Tislelizumab has demonstrated high affinity
and specificity for PD-1 in preclinical studies. It is differentiated mechanistically from the currently approved PD-1
antibodies by an engineered Fc region designed to minimize binding to FcγR on macrophages, thereby abrogating
antibody-dependent phagocytosis, a potential mechanism of T-cell clearance, which we believe may minimize
potentially negative interactions with other immune cells based on preclinical data.


Summary of Clinical Results

As of January 15, 2020, we had enrolled over 5,100 patients in clinical trials of tislelizumab, including combination
trials. Data from our trials thus far suggested that tislelizumab was generally well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor
activity in a variety of tumor types. All of the studies discussed below were presented at major medical conferences
and were included in press releases issued at the time of the medical conferences and included in our current
reports or announcements filed with the SEC and HKEx, respectively.


Hodgkin’s Lymphoma


On December 26, 2019 tislelizumab received approval from the NMPA for the treatment of patients with cHL, who
have received at least two prior therapies based on the results of a pivotal Phase 2 study (NCT03209973). Data from
that study were presented on June 14, 2019 at the 2019 EHA meeting. The single-arm, multi-center, pivotal Phase 2
study of tislelizumab as a monotherapy in patients with R/R cHL enrolled 70 patients in China who were either R/R
to autologous stem cell transplantation (“ASCT”), or received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy for cHL and
were not candidates for ASCT. Patients were treated with tislelizumab, dosed at 200 mg intravenously every three
weeks. The primary endpoint of the trial was ORR assessed by IRC according to the Lugano Classification 2014.




26     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


As of November 26, 2018, 70 patients with R/R cHL were evaluable for efficacy. Thirteen patients received prior
ASCT, and the remaining 57 patients were ineligible for ASCT. Patients had a median of three prior lines of systemic
therapy (2-11). With a minimum of 23.8 weeks of follow-up and a median follow-up time of 13.9 months at the data
cutoff, the IRC assessed efficacy data included:


                                                                                                  Full Analysis Set
Efficacy data                                                                                               (n=65)


ORR, %                                                                                                          77
DCR, %                                                                                                          91
CR, %                                                                                                           62
PR, %                                                                                                           15
SD, %                                                                                                           14


DoR†
Events, %                                                                                                       18
Median DOR (month)                                                                                             NE
6-month event-free rate %                                                                                       87
12-month event-free rate %*                                                                                     76


PFS†
Events, %                                                                                                       29
Median PFS, month                                                                                              NE
6-month event-free rate, %                                                                                      81
12-month event-free rate, %*                                                                                    72

Source: NMPA label


(Based on IRC assessment, Lugano 2014)

Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; NE = Not Estimable.


1 Two-side Clopper-Pearson 95%CI


† Based on Kaplan-Meier estimation


* The estimation for 12m DoR rate and 12m PFS rate is not mature.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT           27
BUSINESS


The majority AEs were grade 1 or 2 in severity. The summary of AEs occurring in ≥5% of patients is shown below:


                                                                                  Tislelizumab 200 mg every
                                                                                        3 weeks n=70^
Preferred term^^                                                                All grades* %    ≥ Grade 3** %


General disorders and administration site conditions
Pyrexia                                                                                    54               0.0
Fatigue   a
                                                                                           10               0.0
Chills                                                                                     5.7              0.0


Endocrine disorders
Hypothyroidism                                                                             33               0.0


Investigations
Weight increased                                                                           27               2.9
Weight decreased                                                                           8.6              0.0


Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders
Pruritusb                                                                                  17               0.0
Rashc                                                                                      14               0.0


Infections and infestations
Upper respiratory tract infection                                                          17               0.0


Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders
Cough                                                                                      11               0.0
Pneumonitis   d
                                                                                           5.7              4.3


Metabolism and nutrition disorders
Hyperlipidaemia                                                                            7.1              0.0
Hyperuricaemia                                                                             5.7              0.0


Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
Musculoskeletal paine                                                                      7.1              1.4
Pain in extremity                                                                          7.1              0.0


Gastrointestinal disorders
Diarrhea                                                                                   5.7              0.0


Blood and lymphatic system disorders
Anemia                                                                                     5.7              0.0


Nervous system disorders
Headache                                                                                   5.7              0.0

28        BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                               BUSINESS


Source: NMPA label


^    Adverse reactions in this package insert are defined as: adverse events that assessed by investigator as related, definitely
     related, probably related, possibly related, unlikely related or missing causal relationship. Only adverse events that are
     assessed by investigator as definitely unrelated are excluded. The cutoff date of the data is 26 November 2018.


^^   Preferred term is based on ICH MedDRA Chinese version 20.0.


*    Severity of adverse reactions per NCI CTCAE v4.03.


**   No Grade 5 adverse event was reported in this study.


a.   Fatigue is a composite term which includes fatigue, asthenia, and malaise.


b.   Pruritus is a composite term which includes pruritus and urticaria.


c.   Rash is a composite term which includes G1-2 rash, dermatitis and eczema.


d.   Pneumonitis is a composite term which includes pneumonitis, interstitial lung disease and organising pneumonia.


e.   Musculoskeletal pain is a composite term which includes back pain, neck pain and musculoskeletal chest pain and spinal
     pain.


Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma


Data in metastatic UC were presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress 2019 in
Barcelona, Spain on September 30, 2019 (the “2019 ESMO”). The study is a multi-center, open-label Phase 2
trial (NCT04004221) of tislelizumab being conducted in China and South Korea with PD-L1+ locally advanced or
metastatic UC previously treated with > 1 platinum-containing therapy. The trial was designed to assess safety,
tolerability and efficacy of tislelizumab at the recommended Phase 2 dose (200 mg IV every three weeks), with a
primary endpoint of ORR as assessed by IRC per RECIST criteria v1.1.


As of February 28, 2019, 113 patients were enrolled in the trial, including 38.9% of patients who had received two
(32.7%) or at least three (6.2%) prior therapies, and 23.9% of patients with liver metastasis. The median duration
of treatment for all patients was 15.3 weeks (2-72). At the time of the data cutoff, 30 patients (26.5%) remained on
treatment. There were 104 patients evaluable for efficacy, with results shown in the table below.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT              29
BUSINESS


Best Overall Response                                                                                        N=104


Source                                                                                                    Ye et. al.,
                                                                                                       2019 ESMO
Median Follow-up Time                                                                                            7.6
Median Duration of Response                                                                                      NR
ORR % (confirmed)                                                                                                 23
CR % (confirmed)                                                                                                 7.7
PR %                                                                                                              15
SD %                                                                                                              14
Median Progression-Free Survival, months                                                                         2.1
Overall Survival, months                                                                                         9.8
Clinical Trial #                                                                                    NCT04004221


Tislelizumab was generally well-tolerated. There were 105 patients with >1 treatment-related adverse event (“TRAE”);
the most common TRAEs of any grade were anemia (26.5%), decreased appetite (18.6%), pyrexia (16.8%),
aspartate aminotransferase increased (15%), and pruritus (15%). Thirty-nine patients experienced grade >3 TRAEs
related to the study drug. The most common grade >3 TRAEs were anemia (7.1%), urinary tract infection (4.4%),
decreased appetite (3.5%), and hyponatremia (3.5%). Twelve (11%) patients experienced AEs related to the study
drug that resulted in treatment discontinuation. SAEs related to study treatment were reported in 11 (9.7%) patients.


Immune-related TEAEs (“irTEAEs”) occurred in 64% of patients. Common irTEAEs included immune-mediated
skin adverse reaction (34%), immune-mediated hepatitis (24%), thyroid disorders (13%), and immune-mediated
nephritis and renal dysfunction (12%).


Four (3.5%) patients experienced AEs with fatal outcome, including hepatic failure (n=2), respiratory arrest (n=1),
and renal impairment (n=1). The events of hepatic failure and respiratory arrest were reported as possibly related to
the study drug by the investigator. The event of renal impairment was reported as possibly unrelated to the study
drug.




30       BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2019      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer


On January 21, 2020 we announced that the pivotal Phase 3 trial (NCT03594747) evaluating our anti-PD-1 antibody
tislelizumab in combination with two chemotherapy regimens for the first-line treatment of patients with squamous
NSCLC met the primary endpoint of improved PFS at the planned interim analysis, as assessed by IRC. In this
Phase 3, randomized, open-label, multi-center trial, patients with previously untreated advanced squamous
NSCLC were randomized to receive either tislelizumab in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin, tislelizumab
in combination with ABRAXANE and carboplatin, or paclitaxel and carboplatin alone. Patients enrolled into the
study were from China and had untreated stage IIIB or IV squamous NSCLC, regardless of PD-L1 expression. The
primary endpoint is PFS per IRC. 360 patients were randomized 1:1:1 to receive tislelizumab (200mg every three
weeks) in combination with each of the chemotherapy regimens or chemotherapy only, until disease progression,
unacceptable toxicity, physician decision or consent withdrawal. Patients on the chemotherapy-only control arm
who experienced disease progression, verified by central independent review, were eligible to cross over to receive
tislelizumab monotherapy. The safety profile of tislelizumab in both combinations in this trial was consistent with
the known risks of each study treatment, and no new safety signals were identified. Squamous NSCLC remains a
significant unmet need, representing approximately 30% of patients with NSCLC in China. Chinese NSCLC patients
have a low rate of driver mutations, and as such are not candidates for therapeutic approaches that target such
driver mutations.


In addition to the above study result, data from a Phase 2 trial in advanced lung cancer were presented at the
2019 CSCO. This lung cancer study is an open-label, multi-cohort pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial (NCT03432598) of
tislelizumab in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment for patients with advanced lung cancer, being
conducted in China. Patients with non-squamous NSCLC were treated with tislelizumab at a dose of 200mg and
doublet chemotherapy on day one of each three-week cycle; chemotherapy was given for up to four cycles, with
pemetrexed and tislelizumab continued as scheduled if clinically appropriate. Patients with squamous NSCLC
(two cohorts) and small cell lung cancer (“SCLC”), were treated with tislelizumab at a dose of 200mg and doublet
chemotherapy every three weeks, for four to six cycles, with tislelizumab continued as scheduled if clinically
appropriate. Efficacy data presented included a confirmed ORR of 67%, with no patients having a CR. More
specifically, the confirmed ORR was 43.8% (7/16) in patients with non-squamous NSCLC; 80.0% (12/15) in patients
with squamous NSCLC (cohort A); 66.7% (4/6) in patients with squamous NSCLC (cohort B); and 76.5% (13/17) in
patients with SCLC.


Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma (“ESCC”) and Nasopharyngeal Cancer


During 2019 data from several other studies evaluating tislelizumab in patients with esophageal and nasopharyngeal
cancers were presented. The data from esophageal cancer patients was from a Phase 2 trial in esophageal and
gastric or gastroesophageal junction carcinoma being conducted in China. Patients were treated with tislelizumab
at a dose of 200mg and cisplatin on day one, and fluorouracil (5-FU) on days one through five during each 21-day
cycle. Data presented at a median follow-up time of 13 months showed an ORR of 47%, with no patients having a
CR.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT           31
BUSINESS


The nasopharyngeal cancer (“NPC”) data was from a cohort of our Phase 1/2 study of tislelizumab in China. The
multi-center, open-label trial of tislelizumab in China as monotherapy in advanced solid tumors consists of a
Phase 1 dose verification and pharmacokinetics component and a Phase 2 component of indication expansion
in disease-specific cohorts, including patients with NPC solid tumors. Data presented at the American Society of
Clinical Oncology were from 21 patients with NPC, of whom 20 were enrolled in the Phase 2 indication-expansion
portion of the trial. Patients were treated with tislelizumab at a dose of 200 mg every three weeks. Data presented
at a median follow-up time of 7.6 months showed an ORR of 23% and a CR rate of 8%.


Other Tumor Types


In addition to the studies discussed above, we are evaluating tislelizumab for the treatment of patients with a broad
array of tumor types including gastric, head and neck, ovarian, natural killer/T-cell and liver cancers as well as
cancers that are microsatellite instability-high (“MSI-high”) or deficient mismatch repair (“dMMR”).


Safety Results


The safety results of tislelizumab in clinical trials to date are consistent with its therapeutic class, having a relatively
low rate of drug-related grade 3 or above toxicity. Across the monotherapy studies, the safety results were
consistent with our two Phase 1 studies, and our first-in-human Phase 1 study. TEAEs are indicated in the table
immediately below. Over half of the patients in our two Phase 1 studies experienced a tislelizumab-related TEAE,
though ≥ grade 3 events were less frequent (8% to 10%).


System Organ Class                                                        Phase 1a           Phase 1b               Total
Preferred Term                                                         N=116 n (%)       N=335 n (%)        N=451 n (%)


Patients with at least one TEAE                                           114 (25.3)         322 (71.4)         436 (96.7)
Fatigue                                                                     47 (10.4)         78 (17.3)         125 (27.7)
Nausea                                                                       41 (9.1)         68 (15.1)         109 (24.2)
Decreased appetite                                                           19 (4.2)         71 (15.7)          90 (20.0)
Diarrhea                                                                     32 (7.1)         49 (10.9)          81 (18.0)
Constipation                                                                 26 (5.8)         50 (11.1)          76 (16.9)
Abdominal pain                                                               26 (5.8)           38 (8.4)         64 (14.2)
Vomiting                                                                     20 (4.4)           43 (9.5)         63 (14.0)
Back pain                                                                    22 (4.9)           40 (8.9)         62 (13.7)
Cough                                                                        15 (3.3)         45 (10.0)          60 (13.3)
Rash                                                                         23 (5.1)           37 (8.2)         60 (13.3)
Dyspnea                                                                      12 (2.7)           33 (7.3)         45 (10.0)


All grades, regardless of causality; Data cut-off April 27, 2018; 6 months after Last Patient Enrolled; Source:
BGB-A317 IB v6.0. Of the 451 total patients in the Safety Population for Study BGB A317_001, 203 (45.0%)
experienced at least 1 grade 3 or higher TEAE. The most commonly occurring grade 3 or higher TEAEs (≥ 2%; 9 or
more patients overall incidence) were pneumonia (22 patients, 4.9%), anemia (18 patients, 3.2%), and hypokalemia (9
patients, 2.0%).




32        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                       BUSINESS


irTEAEs and Deaths


Immune-related TEAEs (“irTEAEs”) of any grade were reported in approximately 47% of patients across the
monotherapy studies but were primarily low grade (9.5% ≥ grade 3). These irTEAEs have well-established
algorithms for treatment and are considered manageable.


Across the monotherapy studies, the rate of treatment emergent serious AEs (“TESAEs”), was 33% in patients with
a variety of different disease characteristics. TESAEs considered to be related to treatment with tislelizumab were
notably lower, at 9.6%.


There have been some deaths reported across the monotherapy studies with clinical data available, of which <1%
of the total patient population were considered related to study drug. No new safety signals were observed since
the last report as of February 29, 2020. In our clinical studies to date, the safety profile of tislelizumab has been
consistent with that of molecules in the same class.


Clinical Development Plan

Tislelizumab was approved on December 26, 2019 by the NMPA for use in cHL patients who have received at least
two prior therapies. We are marketing the product in China. We expect to receive approval for a second indication
in R/R UBC in 2020. If we receive conditional approval instead of full approval, we will be required to conduct one
or more confirmatory studies after such conditional approvals. We also expect to submit for approval in China for
tislelizumab for the treatment of patients with NSCLC, HCC, GC, and ESCC based on our China trials and, where
appropriate, our global studies.


We are running a broad development program for tislelizumab, including 15 registration or registration-enabling
clinical trials. These include global pivotal trials in Asia-prevalent cancers, NSCLC, HCC, GC, and ESCC, which
are intended to support regulatory submissions globally and in China. We have initiated pivotal or Phase 3 trials
to evaluate tislelizumab as a potential second- or third-line treatment compared to docetaxel in patients with
NSCLC; two Phase 3 trials evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy in squamous and
non-squamous histology NSCLC; and a Phase 3 trial in 1L SCLC evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus
chemotherapy. In 2020, we expect to complete enrollment in the third line versus docetaxel study, and we expect
to report top-line data from the squamous and non-squamous histology Phase 3 trials. In liver cancer we have
ongoing studies investigating use of tislelizumab as a potential first-line treatment compared to sorafenib in patients
with HCC and in second- or third-line HCC used as a monotherapy in a single arm pivotal Phase 2 study. We
expect to have regulatory discussions with the relevant authorities regarding the second -or third-line monotherapy
HCC study in 2020. In GC we have a study ongoing that is investigating the use of tislelizumab as a potential
first-line treatment in combination with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy. Finally, in ESCC we
have several studies ongoing, including as a potential second-line treatment compared to investigator-chosen
chemotherapy in patients with ESCC, as a potential first-line treatment in advanced ESCC patients in combination
with platinum and fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy, and most recently as a potential treatment in localized
ESCC evaluating tislelizumab plus chemoradiotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy alone. We expect to complete
enrollment in the second-line study comparing tislelizumab to investigator-chosen chemotherapy in the first half of
2020.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            33
BUSINESS


We are also testing tislelizumab in registration-enabling studies in UC, MSI-high or dMMR solid tumors and
NPC. We have initiated two studies in UC, including a pivotal Phase 2 in second-line UC using tislelizumab as
monotherapy, and a Phase 3 in first line UC comparing tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone;
a pivotal Phase 2 study in MSI-high or dMMR solid tumors using tislelizumab as monotherapy; and a Phase 3 in
first line NPC evaluating tislelizumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone.


We have also recently initiated a global Phase 2 trial in patients with R/R mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas.


Pamiparib (BGB-290), an inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2


Pamiparib is an investigational, selective small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP-ribose polymerase 1 (“PARP1”)
and PARP2 enzymes that is being evaluated as a potential monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment of
various solid tumors. We believe that pamiparib has the potential to be differentiated from other PARP inhibitors
because of its brain penetration, greater selectivity, strong DNA-trapping activity, and good oral bioavailability
demonstrated in preclinical models.


Mechanism of Action

PARP family members PARP1 and PARP2 play essential roles in cell survival in response to DNA damage. PARP1
and PARP2 are key base-excision-repair proteins that function as DNA damage sensors by binding rapidly to the
site of damaged DNA and modulating a variety of proteins in DNA repair processes. Inhibition of PARPs prevents
the repair of common single-strand DNA breaks, which leads to formation of double-strand breaks during DNA
replication. Double-strand DNA breaks in normal cells are repaired by homologous recombination, and normal
cells are relatively tolerant of PARP inhibition. On the other hand, cancer cells with mutations in breast cancer
susceptibility gene, or BRCA1/2 genes, which are key players in homologous recombination, are highly sensitive
to PARP inhibition. This phenomenon is called “synthetic lethality” and is the foundation of the therapeutic utility
of PARP inhibitors as a monotherapy for BRCA mutant cancers. In addition to hereditary BRCA1/2 mutations, the
synthetic lethality concept has been broadened to include sporadic tumors that display homologous recombination
deficiency (“HRD”), a gene expression profile that resembles that of a BRCA deficient tumor. HRD can stem from
somatic mutation of BRCA1/2, epigenetic silencing of BRCA genes or genetic or epigenetic loss of function of other
genes in homologous recombination DNA damage repair pathways. Third-party clinical studies have published
results demonstrating that sensitivity to platinum-based chemotherapies confers sensitivity to PARP inhibitors in
OC as well. Thus, the application of PARP inhibitors is likely broader than BRCA or HRD mutations, and there is
additional possibility to identify and enrich patient populations for PARP inhibition.


Another potential therapeutic utility of PARP inhibitors is in combination therapy, which has strong scientific
rational. PARP proteins are key factors in base-excision-repair, which is critical for the repair of DNA lesions caused
by some chemotherapeutic agents and by radiation. PARP inhibitors are hypothesized to potentiate cytotoxicity
of DNA-alkylating agents such as platinum compounds, temozolomide and ionizing radiation, and may be used in
combination with these agents in treating various cancers.




34     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                    BUSINESS


PARP inhibitors are also considered good potential combination partners with checkpoint inhibitors in part due
to increased mutations in tumor cells as a result of the blockade of DNA repair by PARP inhibitors as a higher
mutational load in cancers has been shown in clinical studies to correlate with improved response to checkpoint
inhibitors. In addition, preclinical data suggest that BRCA mutant tumors which are sensitive to PARP inhibition are
likely to be immunogenic and responsive to PD-1 or PD-L1 antibodies.


Market Opportunity and Competition

We believe that the market opportunity for PARP inhibitors is large and expanding in various patient segments.
Many tumor types have been shown to be responsive to PARP inhibitors, including OC, breast cancer, prostate
cancer, and GC. PARP inhibitors have demonstrated encouraging activity both in R/R patients as well as in the
maintenance setting. In the United States, in 2019 there were approximately 22,530 new cases of OC, 271,270 new
cases of breast cancer, 174,650 new cases of prostate cancer, and 27,510 new cases of GC, according to the U.S.
National Cancer Institute’s SEER online database. In China, each year there are approximately 52,000 new cases
of OC, 272,000 new cases of breast cancer, 60,000 new cases of prostate cancer, and 680,000 new cases of GC
according to Chen et al. 2016.


A number of PARP inhibitors have been approved by the FDA. These include AstraZeneca’s LYNPARZA® (olaparib),
Clovis Oncology’s RUBRACA® (rucaparib), GlaxoSmithKline/Tesaro’s ZEJULA® (niraparib), and Pfizer’s TALZENNA®
(talazoparib). AbbVie’s veliparib is in late-stage development. In 2019, global sales of the PARP class exceeded
US$1.5 billion according to company reports. In China, AstraZeneca received approval for olaparib in August
2018 under priority review that utilized international multi-center data. Zai Labs obtained the development and
commercial rights for niraparib in China, and its NDA to the NMPA was approved on December 30, 2019. There
are other PARP inhibitors being developed by domestic Chinese companies, including fluzoparib from Hengrui and
Hansoh. Fluzoparib was submitted to the NMPA in October 2019.


Summary of Clinical Results

We have multiple ongoing studies in indications known to be responsive to PARP inhibition, including two
registration studies in ovarian cancer (“OC”) in China.


Advanced Solid Tumors


Data from our open-label, multi-center Phase 1b dose-escalation/expansion trial (NCT03150810) of pamiparib plus
low-dose temozolomide (TMZ) were presented at the 2019 ESMO. The trial was designed to evaluate the safety,
tolerability, maximum tolerated dose (MTD), and preliminary anti-tumor activity of the combination in patients with
locally advanced and metastatic tumors. Patients received full dose pamiparib in combination with escalating
doses of TMZ, administered in both pulse and continuous dosing schedules. The recommended Phase 2 dose
and schedule of the combination was determined to be 60 mg of pamiparib taken orally BID for 28 days, with TMZ
at 60 mg orally QD during days one through seven. Data were presented from three disease cohorts: prostate,
extensive-stage SCLC, and GC. The ORR and CR rates from these cohorts were 19% and 0%, 32% and 5%, and
0% and 0%, respectively. Median follow-up time in the SCLC and gastric cohorts was four months in each cohort.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           35
BUSINESS


Ovarian Cancer


At the 2019 ESMO, we reported results from a multi-center, open-label Phase 1a/1b trial (NCT02361723) of
pamiparib being conducted in Australia in patients with advanced solid tumors. The Phase 1a dose-escalation
and dose-finding component identified the recommended Phase 2 dose to be 60 mg orally BID. The ongoing
Phase 1b trial consists of a component to investigate the safety, tolerability, and antitumor activity of pamiparib
in disease-specific dose-expansion cohorts, and a component investigating the effects of food on the
pharmacokinetic profile of a single dose. Data from 58 patients in the OC cohort showed an ORR of 40% and a CR
rate of 7%.


Clinical Development Plan

Gastric Cancer


We are in the process of converting from Phase 3 to Phase 2 the clinical trial of our PARP inhibitor pamiparib
versus placebo as maintenance therapy in patients with inoperable locally advanced or metastatic GC who have
responded to platinum-based first line chemotherapy (NCT03427814, also known as the BGB-290-303 trial). The
trial has enrolled approximately 120 patients globally since it commenced in July 2018, and the enrollment has been
slower than expected. The reason for this change was not due to safety or efficacy issues. We plan to evaluate
data from the Phase 2 trial to assess the potential of pamiparib in this indication and the potential next steps of
development as a monotherapy or in combination with other therapies.


Our clinical development program includes a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance therapy in patients with
platinum-sensitive recurrent OC (NCT03519230), a pivotal Phase 2 study in third line BRCA mutated OC
(NCT03333915), a Phase 2 trial in BRCA mutated HER2-negative breast cancer (NCT03575065), and a Phase 2 trial
in HRD- metastatic prostate cancer (NCT03712930).


We plan to discuss our data in OC with regulatory authorities and potentially submit an NDA in China for use
of pamiparib in OC in 2020. We expect to announce top-line results from our pivotal Phase 2 germline BRCA
(“gBRCA”)-mutated OC as well as data from our Phase 3 maintenance study in patients with platinum-sensitive
recurrent OC. In addition, we expect to present data from the OC cohort of the global Phase 1 study and data from
the Phase 1 study investigating pamiparib in combination with tislelizumab in 2020.




36     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


Lifirafenib (BGB-283) and BGB-3245, Inhibitors of RAF


Lifirafenib is an investigational novel small molecule inhibitor with RAF monomer and dimer inhibition activities.
Lifirafenib has shown antitumor activities in preclinical models and in cancer patients with tumors harboring BRAF
V600E mutations, non-V600E BRAF mutations or KRAS/NRAS mutations. We have been developing lifirafenib for
the treatment of cancers with aberrations in the mitogen-activated protein kinase (“MAPK”), pathway, including
BRAF gene mutations and KRAS/NRAS gene mutations where first generation BRAF inhibitors are not effective. The
MAPK pathway consists of proteins in the cell that transmit a signal from a receptor on the surface of the cell to the
DNA in the nucleus of the cell. This pathway plays an essential role in regulating cell proliferation and survival. We
believe that lifirafenib as monotherapy or in combination with other agents may have potential for treating various
malignancies, such as melanoma, NSCLC, and endometrial cancer.


Currently approved BRAF inhibitors include Roche’s ZELBORAF® (vemurafenib), Novartis’ TAFINLAR® (dabrafenib)
and Array BioPharma’s BRAFTOVI® (encorafenib). The combination of BRAF and MEK inhibitors is approved in
patients with BRAF V600E/K mutation-positive metastatic melanoma, such as Novartis’ dabrafenib and MEKINIST®
(trametinib), Genentech’s vemurafenib and COTELLIC® (cobimetinib), and Array Biopharma’s encorafenib and
MEKTOVI® (binimetinib). We are aware of several other BRAF inhibitors in clinical development, such as Roche’s
belvarafenib and Novartis’ LXH254.


In September 2018, BeiGene and SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (“SpringWorks”) announced a global clinical
collaboration agreement to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and preliminary efficacy of combining lifirafenib and
SpringWorks’ investigational MEK inhibitor, PD-0325901, in patients with advanced solid tumors. Under the
collaboration, the parties began a Phase 1b clinical trial in the third quarter of 2019 to evaluate this combination
in patients with advanced or refractory solid tumors that harbor RAS mutations, RAF mutations, and other MAPK
pathway aberrations.


In June 2019, we and SpringWorks announced the formation of MapKure, LLC (“MapKure”) to develop BGB-3245,
an investigational, selective next-generation RAF kinase inhibitor discovered by BeiGene scientists. MapKure
recently initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT04249843) in patients with advanced or refractory tumors harboring
specific v-RAF murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B (B-RAF) genetic mutations.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT            37
BUSINESS


Sitravatinib (MGCD-0516), a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor


In January 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (“Mirati”) for the
development, manufacturing and commercialization of Mirati’s sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan and certain
other countries), Australia and New Zealand. Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor,
which potently inhibits receptor tyrosine kinases, including RET, TAM family receptors (TYRO3, Axl, MER), and split
family receptors (VEGFR2, KIT). Sitravatinib is being evaluated by Mirati in multiple clinical trials to treat patients
who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a potentially registration-enabling Phase
3 trial of sitravatinib in NSCLC initiated in the second quarter of 2019. Sitravatinib is also being evaluated as a
single agent in patients with NSCLC, melanoma and other solid tumor types whose tumors harbor specific genetic
alterations in the CBL protein. In recent data readouts by Mirati, sitravatinib has demonstrated durable responses
in lung cancer patients who progressed after treatment with checkpoint inhibitors. We began a Phase 1 study
(NCT03666143) of sitravatinib in combination with tislelizumab in various solid tumors in Australia and China in the
third quarter of 2018, and in the second quarter of 2019 we initiated a second study, a Phase 1/2 (NCT03941873)
trial, combining sitravatinib with tislelizumab, this one focused on HCC or gastroesophageal junction cancer.


BGB-A333, a PD-L1 Inhibitor


BGB-A333 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against PD-L1, the ligand of PD-1.
We intend to develop BGB-A333 either as a monotherapy or in combination with other cancer therapies, such
as tislelizumab, to treat various cancers and potentially other areas of unmet need. BGB-A333 is currently being
evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT03379259) in Australia to assess the safety and antitumor effect of
BGB-A333 alone and in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors.


BGB-A425, a TIM-3 Inhibitor


BGB-A425 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against T-cell immunoglobulin and
mucin-domain containing-3 (“TIM-3”). We began a Phase 1/2 trial (NCT03744468) of BGB-A433 in combination with
tislelizumab in various solid tumors in the fourth quarter of 2018.


BGB-A1217, a TIGIT Inhibitor


BGB-A1217 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody directed against TIGIT. We have
initiated patient enrollment in a Phase 1a/1b trial (NCT04047862) in Australia investigating the safety, tolerability,
pharmacokinetics, and preliminary antitumor activity of BGB-A1217 in combination with tislelizumab in patients with
advanced solid tumors.




38     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                      BUSINESS


BGB-11417, a Small Molecule Bcl-2 Inhibitor


BGB-11417 is a small molecule Bcl-2 inhibitor. We have completed preclinical and investigational new drug (IND)
-enabling studies of BGB-11417, which demonstrated potent activity and high selectivity against the pro-apoptotic
protein Bcl-2. We have initiated study start-up for a Phase 1 trial (NCT04277637) in Australia and the United States
to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and preliminary antitumor activity of BGB-11417 in patients
with mature B-cell malignancies.


BGB-A445, an OX40 Agonist Antibody


BGB-A445 is an agonistic antibody directed to the OX40 antigen. We have initiated a Phase 1 trial (NCT04215978)
of our OX40 antibody in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced solid tumors.


OUR PRECLINICAL PROGRAMS


We have a proprietary cancer biology platform that has also allowed us to develop our clinical-stage drug
candidates and several additional preclinical-stage drug candidates in potentially important areas. These currently
consist of targeted therapies and immuno-oncology agents. We have initiated first-in-human studies for two drug
candidates and have initiated study start-up activities for a third, BGB-11417, a small molecule Bcl-2 inhibitor.
We anticipate advancing one or more of our preclinical drug candidates into the clinic in the next 12 months. We
believe we have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with our preclinical candidates to target multiple points in
the cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop companion diagnostics that will help identify patients who
are most likely to benefit from the use of our drug candidates.


MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY


We manufacture our drugs and drugs candidates internally and with the help of third-party CMOs. The
manufacturing of our drugs and drug candidates is subject to extensive regulations that impose various procedural
and documentation requirements governing recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls, personnel,
quality control and quality assurance, among others. Our manufacturing facilities and the facilities of the CMOs we
use to manufacture our drugs and drug candidates operate under current good manufacturing practice regulations
(“GMP”) conditions. GMP are regulatory requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals that will be used in
humans.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT            39
BUSINESS


Our Manufacturing Facilities


We have an approximately 11,000 square meter multi-functional manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, where
we produce small molecule and biologics drug candidates for clinical supply and which we plan to use for
commercial supply of our small molecule drug candidates in China and potentially outside of China, if approved.
This facility consists of one oral-solid-dosage production line for small molecule drug products and one pilot plant
for monoclonal antibody drug substances and is aligned with the design criteria of the United States, EU, and China
regulatory requirements. The facility has a manufacturing license, which is required for the commercial manufacture
of zanubrutinib in China following NDA approval.


In addition, we formed a joint venture with Guangzhou High-Tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd. (formerly
GET), an affiliate of Guangzhou Development District, to build a commercial-scale biologics manufacturing facility
in Guangzhou, China. We completed the initial phase of construction in September 2019. This facility is designed
to be 100,000 square meters and have a 50,000-liter commercial scale capacity. The initial phase of the facility
utilizes General Electric’s state-of-the-art KUBioTM prefabricated bio-manufacturing equipment. We have received
the drug manufacturing license for drug substances and drug products for this facility and are now in the process
of validating this facility for global commercial supplies. Following regulatory inspection and approval, the first
commercial product to be manufactured at this facility is expected to be tislelizumab.


We also have an approximately 140 square meter manufacturing facility at our research and development location
in Beijing, China, which produces preclinical and clinical trial materials for some of our small molecule drug
candidates.


Contract Manufacturing Organizations


We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third-party CMOs and CROs for the
production of some drug products and drug substances and the supply of raw materials to meet the commercial,
clinical, and preclinical needs of our drugs and drug candidates. We have adopted procedures to ensure that the
production qualifications, facilities and processes of our third-party outsourced suppliers comply with the relevant
regulatory requirements and our internal quality and operation guidelines. We select our third-party suppliers
carefully by considering a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production capacity,
geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability in meeting delivery schedules, and terms
offered by such third-party outsourced suppliers.


We have framework agreements with most of our manufacturing service providers. For example, we entered
into a commercial supply agreement with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”) to produce BRUKINSA at
Catalent’s Kansas City, MO site for commercial and clinical supply outside of China. In addition, we entered into a
commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”)
for our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab, which is being manufactured at Boehringer Ingelheim’s facility in Shanghai,
China as part of a marketing authorization holder (“MAH”) project pioneered by us and Boehringer Ingelheim. For
our commercial products licensed from BMS, we rely on BMS and its contract manufacturers outside of China for
the supply of those drugs. For our clinical and commercial products that are being commercialized in collaboration
with Amgen, we expect to rely on Amgen and its contract manufacturers outside of China for the supply of those
drugs and drug candidates.



40     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Our agreements with our outsourced suppliers generally set out terms, including product quality or service details,
technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection and acceptance
criteria. We are generally allowed to return any products that fail to meet our quality standards. Our outsourced
suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Typically, outsourced suppliers request settlement of payment within
30 days from the date of invoice. Either party may terminate the agreements by serving notice to the other party
under certain circumstances.


We generally obtain raw materials for our manufacturing activities from multiple suppliers who we believe have
sufficient capacity to meet our demands. Raw materials and starting materials used at our facilities in Beijing and
Suzhou include active pharmaceutical ingredients custom-made by our third-party CROs and excipients, which are
commercially available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies.
The core raw materials to be used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility are expected to be genetically
modified cell lines that we co-developed and licensed from Boehringer Ingelheim and other third parties.


We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term dedicated capacity or
minimum supply arrangements. We pay for our purchases of raw materials on credit. Credit periods granted to us
by our suppliers generally range from 30 to 60 days. Our suppliers are generally not responsible for the defects of
our finished products.


AMGEN COLLABORATION


Collaboration Agreement


On October 31, 2019 our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered
into a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration
Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing
Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and
Taiwan) for a period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in
the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, with the commercialization period for XGEVA commencing following the
transition of operational responsibilities for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we will have the
option to retain one of the three products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties
have agreed to equally share profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization
period. After expiration of the commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be
transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net
sales in China of each product for an additional five years.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            41
BUSINESS


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed
to collaborate on the global development and commercialization in China of 20 Amgen clinical- and
late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products. Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration
Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global development costs, with BeiGene Switzerland contributing up to
US$1.25 billion worth of development services and cash over the term of the collaboration. We will be eligible to
receive tiered mid-single digit royalties on net sales of each product globally outside of China, other than AMG
510, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent
claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such
product in the country of sale and 20 years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the
world.


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, we will have the right to commercialize the product for seven
years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, depending on how
many of the 20 pipeline products receive approval in China, we will have the right to retain approximately one of
every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than AMG 510, to commercialize for as long as each
such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each product will be
transitioned back to Amgen and we will be eligible to received tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net
sales in China for an additional five years. The parties are subject to specified exclusivity requirements in China and
the rest of the world.


We have guaranteed certain obligations of BeiGene Switzerland under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement
pursuant to the terms of a separate Guarantee Agreement, and the Amgen Collaboration Agreement provides that
each party may perform the activities designated to it by itself or through any of its affiliates.


The Amgen Collaboration Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties.
The agreement will continue in effect on a product-by-product basis unless terminated by either party pursuant
to its terms. The agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties, or by either party upon
the other party’s uncured material breach, insolvency, failure to comply with specified compliance provisions, or
subject to a specified negotiation mechanism, certain adverse economic impacts or the failure to meet commercial
objectives. In addition, Amgen may terminate the agreement with respect to a pipeline product in the event that it
suspends development of such pipeline product on specified terms, subject to the parties determining whether to
continue development of the pipeline product in China.


Share Purchase Agreement


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), we issued
206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of BeiGene, Ltd. on January 2, 2020, representing
approximately 20.5% of our outstanding shares to Amgen, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately US$2.78
billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.




42       BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                        BUSINESS


Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen has agreed to (i) a lock-up on sales of its shares until the
earliest of (a) the fourth anniversary of the closing (January 2, 2024), (b) the expiration or termination of the Amgen
Collaboration Agreement and (c) a change of control of BeiGene, Ltd., (ii) a standstill until the later of (a) the first
anniversary of the date as of which it ceases to have the right to appoint a director and (b) the date on which it
holds less than 5% of our then outstanding shares, and (iii) a voting agreement to vote its shares on certain matters
presented for shareholder approval until the later of (a) the fifth anniversary of the closing (January 2, 2025) and (b)
the expiration of the standstill period, all under specified circumstances and as set forth in the agreement. Following
the later of (i) the expiration of the lock-up period and (ii) the expiration of the standstill period, Amgen has agreed
not to sell shares representing more than 5% of our then outstanding shares in any rolling 12-month period, subject
to specified exceptions. In addition, Amgen will have the right to designate an independent director to serve on
the Board of Directors until the earlier of (a) the date on which Amgen holds less than 10% of our then outstanding
shares as a result of Amgen’s sale of ordinary shares or Amgen’s failure to participate in future offerings and (b)
the third anniversary of the date of the expiration or termination of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement. Under
the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Amgen will also have specified registration rights upon expiration of
the lock-up. Additionally, we have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to provide Amgen with an opportunity to
participate in subsequent new securities offerings upon the same terms and conditions as other purchasers in the
offering in an amount needed to allow Amgen to hold 20.5% of our shares, subject to applicable law and HK Listing
Rules and other specified conditions.


In order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares under the Company’s equity incentive plans,
on March 17, 2020, the Company and Amgen entered into an Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to the
Share Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, Amgen will have an option (the “Direct Purchase
Option”) to subscribe for additional shares (the “Additional Shares”) in an amount necessary to enable it to increase
(and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s outstanding share capital.
The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s interest in the outstanding share
capital of the Company at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The aggregate number of Additional
Shares that may be issued pursuant to the Direct Purchase Option shall not exceed 75,000,000 ordinary shares
during the term of the Direct Purchase Option, as described further below. The purchase price for the Additional
Shares will be the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs for the 90 days preceding the last
trading day of the prior month.


The Second Amendment and the issuance of Additional Shares is subject to approval by a majority vote of the
Company’s shareholders, excluding Amgen, pursuant to the HK Listing Rules.


The exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option will commence on the first day of the month following
shareholder approval and will terminate on the earliest of: (a) the date on which Amgen owns less than 20% of the
outstanding share capital of the Company as a result of Amgen’s sale of shares; (b) at least 60-day advance written
notice from either Amgen or the Company that such party wishes to terminate the Direct Purchase Option; or (c) the
third anniversary of the date on which the exercise period of the Direct Purchase Option commences. The Direct
Purchase Option has no vesting period.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            43
BUSINESS


CELGENE LICENSE AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT


On July 5, 2017, we and Celgene Logistics Sàrl, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BMS, entered into a License and
Supply Agreement, which we refer to as the China License Agreement and which became effective on August 31,
2017, pursuant to which we were granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote BMS’s approved cancer
therapies, ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. In addition, if
BMS decides to commercialize a new oncology product through a third party in the licensed territory during the first
five years of the term, we have a right of first negotiation to obtain the right to commercialize the product, subject to
certain conditions. We subsequently assigned the agreement to our wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland.


The term of the China License Agreement is 10 years and may be terminated by either party upon written notice in
the event of uncured material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, or if the underlying regulatory approvals for
the covered products are revoked. BMS also has the right to terminate the agreement with respect to REVLIMID at
any time upon written notice to us under certain circumstances.


The China License Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and confidentiality and mutual
indemnification provisions.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our drugs, drug candidates, and their methods of use are an important
part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more detail below. We have
obtained patents and filed patent applications in the United States and other countries and regions, such as China
and Europe, relating to our drugs and certain of our drugs and drug candidates, and are pursuing additional patent
protection for them and for our other drug candidates and technologies. We rely on trade secrets to protect aspects
of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection including
our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing
opportunities to develop, strengthen and support our development programs.


As of January 29, 2020, we owned 25 issued U.S. patents, 11 issued China patents, a number of pending U.S.
and China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications internationally. In addition, we
owned pending international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (“PCT”), which we plan to file
nationally in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as additional priority PCT applications. With respect
to any issued patents in the United States and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to
extend the patent expiration date, provided that we meet the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent
term extensions. For example, in the United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five years
for one of the patents covering a drug product once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact duration of the
extension depends on the time that we spend in clinical studies as well as getting approval from the FDA.




44     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                          BUSINESS


The key patents for our drugs and late-stage clinical drug candidates as of January 29, 2020, are summarized
below:


Molecule                      Territory          General Subject Matter                                     Expiration1


BRUKINSATM                    U.S.               Compound and composition                                          2034
(Zanubrutinib)                U.S.               Use for the treatment of autoimmune diseases                      2034
                              China              Compound and composition                                          2034


Tislelizumab                  U.S.               Antibodies                                                        2033
                              U.S.               Use for the treatment of cancer                                   2033
                              U.S.               Antibodies and use for the treatment of cancer                    2033
                              U.S.               Antibodies                                                        2033
                              China              Antibodies                                                        2033


Pamiparib                     U.S.               Compound and composition                                          2031
                              U.S.               Compound and composition                                          2031
                              U.S.               Use for the treatment of cancer                                   2031
                              U.S.               Compositions                                                      2031
                              U.S.               Crystalline forms                                                 2036
                              China              Compound and composition                                          2031
                              China              Use for the treatment of cancer                                   2031

(1)      The expected expiration does not include any additional term for patent term extensions


We have three in-licensed drugs in China from BMS. The key patents for them as of January 29, 2020 are
summarized below:


Product                       Territory          General Subject Matter                                      Expiration


ABRAXANE®                     China              Use for the treatment of cancer                                   2026
      (a nanoparticle         China              Use for the treatment of cancer                                   2031
      albumin-bound
      paclitaxel)


REVLIMID®                     China              Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023
      (lenalidomide)          China              Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023
                              China              Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023
                              China              Use for the treatment of multiple myeloma                         2023


VIDAZA® (azacitidine)         China              No patent                                                         N/A




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT     45
BUSINESS


Under our collaboration with Amgen, we have the right to commercialize in China one drug and, upon approval in
China, two late-stage product candidates. The key patents necessary for these products in China are summarized
below:


Product                   Territory        General Subject Matter                                         Expiration


XGEVA® (denosumab)        China            Antibodies                                                           2022
KYPROLIS    ®
                          China            Compound and Composition                                             2025
  (carfilzomibe)
BLINCYTO®                 China            No patent                                                             N/A
  (blinatumomab)


Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is limited.
ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA face or are expected to face competition from generic medications, and
we may face similar competition for our drugs and any approved drugs even if we successfully obtain patent
protection. The scope, validity or enforceability of our patents may be challenged in court, and we may not be
successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able to develop
or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that
product. Additionally, in China, the NMPA may approve a generic version of a brand-name drug that still has patent
protection, such as has occurred with ABRAXANE and REVLIMID. Under our license agreements with BMS and
Amgen, they retain the responsibility for, but are not obligated, to prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for
these in-licensed products. As such, any issued patents may not protect us from generic or biosimilar competition
for these drugs.


The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, including the United States and China, the term of an issued patent is generally 20 years from the
earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a
patent’s term may be lengthened in some cases by a patent term adjustment, which extends the term of a patent
to account for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”), in excess
of a patent applicant’s own delays during the prosecution process, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally
disclaimed over a commonly owned patent having an earlier expiration date. In addition, in certain instances, a
patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost in obtaining FDA regulatory approval.
However, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration
period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval.


In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also available. The
actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country basis and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions
or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the
patent.




46        BEIGENE, LTD.    •      2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   BUSINESS


We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect aspects of our
technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors and invention assignment agreements
with our employees. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by
maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology
systems.


Additionally, we currently own a number of registered trademarks and pending trademark applications. We currently
have registered trademarks for BeiGene, our corporate logo and product names and logos in China, the EU and
other jurisdictions, and we are seeking trademark protection for BeiGene, our corporate logo, product names and
logos, and other marks in the United States and other countries where available and appropriate.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          47
RISK FACTORS


The following section includes the most significant factors that we believe may adversely affect our business and
operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the “Management Discussion
and Analysis” section of this annual report before deciding to invest in our ADSs or ordinary shares. The occurrence
of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of
operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs and ordinary shares could
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.


Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Drugs and Drug Candidates


Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance
by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial
success.


Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like
chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to
rely on these treatments to the exclusion of our drugs and drug candidates. In addition, physicians, patients and
third-party payors may prefer other novel or generic products to ours. If our drugs and drug candidates do not
achieve an adequate level of acceptance, the sales of our drugs may be limited and we may not generate significant
product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our drugs and drug
candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including:


•    the clinical indications for which our drugs and drug candidates are approved;


•    physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our drugs and drug candidates as
     safe and effective treatments;


•    government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians’
     groups, private health and science foundations, and organizations publishing guidelines and recommendations
     recommending our drugs and reimbursement;


•    the potential and perceived advantages of our drugs and drug candidates over alternative treatments;


•    the prevalence and severity of any side effects;


•    product labeling or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities;


•    limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by regulatory authorities;




48     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


•    the timing of market introduction of our drugs and drug candidates as well as competitive drugs;


•    the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;


•    the availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government
     authorities;


•    the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and reimbursement by third-party
     payors and government authorities; and


•    the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.


If any drugs that we commercialize fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals,
third-party payors, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate
significant revenue. Even if our drugs achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market
acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our
drugs, are more cost effective or render our drugs obsolete.


We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed drugs and third-party drugs.
If we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
to market and sell our drugs and third-party drugs, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales
revenue.


In 2017, in connection with our strategic collaboration with BMS, we were granted an exclusive license in China,
excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, to commercialize BMS’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE,
REVLIMID, and VIDAZA, and acquired BMS’s commercial operations in China, excluding certain functions. We
started marketing BMS’s approved drugs in September 2017.


In October 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its commercial-stage
oncology products XGEVA (which received approval from the NMPA and was made available in China in September
2019), KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO and 20 clinical- and late-preclinical-stage oncology pipeline products, and the
agreement became effective on January 2, 2020. In connection with this strategic collaboration, we are authorized
to commercialize the oncology products of Amgen in China for five or seven years and have the option to retain
one of the three oncology products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. For each pipeline
product that is approved in China, we will also have the right to commercialize the pipeline product for seven years
in China and the right to retain approximately one of every three approved pipeline assets, up to a total of six, other
than AMG 510, for commercialization in China.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            49
RISK FACTORS


In November 2019, our BTK inhibitor BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib) received accelerated approval from the FDA as a
treatment for MCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy and we launched BRUKINSA in the
United States soon after approval. In December 2019, our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab received approval from
the NMPA as a treatment for patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies, and we launched
tislelizumab in China in March 2020.


We continue to build our salesforce in China and the United States to commercialize our internally developed drugs
(including BRUKINSA and tislelizumab) and third-party drugs, and any additional drugs or drug candidates that we
may develop or in-license, which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time.


We have limited experience in commercializing our internally developed drugs, such as BRUKINSA and
tislelizumab, and third-party drugs, such as ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA, which we license from BMS, and
XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO, which we have the right to commercialize under our strategic collaboration
with Amgen. For example, we have limited experience in building and managing a commercial team, conducting a
comprehensive market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement, or managing distributors and a sales
force for our drugs. We will be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded sales
and marketing operations. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize our drug may involve more inherent
risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with substantial experience launching drugs.


We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain
marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing, and
commercial distribution capabilities for any or all of our drugs, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements
regarding the sales and marketing of our drugs. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales
forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties. We would have little or no control
over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than
if we had commercialized our drugs ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us
with the sales and marketing efforts for our drugs.


There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully maintain internal sales
and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to
successfully commercialize any drug, and as a result, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales
revenue.




50     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.


The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive. We face competition from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There
are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell drugs or are
pursuing the development of drugs for the treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our drugs or
developing our drug candidates. For example, both BRUKINSA and tislelizumab face substantial competition.
Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private
research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for
research, development, manufacturing and commercialization.


Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize drugs
that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than
any drugs that we commercialize or may develop. Our competitors also may obtain approval from the FDA, NMPA,
EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours,
which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market
and or slow our regulatory approval.


Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved drugs than we do.
Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.


The market opportunities for our drugs and drug candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible
for or have failed prior treatments and may be small.


In markets with approved therapies, we have and expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates as a later
stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those drugs that prove
to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second line therapy and potentially
as a first-line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our drugs and drug candidates, even if approved, would be
approved for second-line or first-line therapy.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT            51
RISK FACTORS


Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the subset of
people with these cancers in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the potential to benefit from
treatment with our drugs and drug candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates and may prove to be
inaccurate or based on imprecise data. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence
of these cancers. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially
addressable patient population for our drugs and drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to
treatment with our drugs and drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our drugs and drug
candidates, because the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining
regulatory approval for additional indications, including use as a first- or second-line therapy.


If we are not able to continue to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we
will not be able to commercialize our drugs and drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be
materially impaired.


Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target indication, we
must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United
States, to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is
safe, pure, and potent, for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
are adequate. In addition to preclinical and clinical data, the NDA or biologics license application (“BLA”) must
include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”) for the drug candidate.
Obtaining approval of an NDA or BLA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and approval may not be
obtained. If we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA, the FDA decides whether to accept or reject the submission for
filing. We cannot be certain that a submission will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA.


We have limited experience in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates. For example, we have limited
experience in preparing the required materials for regulatory submission and navigating the regulatory approval
process. As a result, our ability to successfully submit an NDA or BLA and obtain regulatory approval for our drug
candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with
substantial experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.


Regulatory authorities outside of the United States, such as the NMPA and EMA, also have requirements for
approval of drugs for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing in those areas. Regulatory
requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our drug
candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other
countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained
in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and
validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking non-U.S. regulatory approval could require
additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, which could be costly and time consuming. The non-U.S. regulatory
approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. For all of these reasons, we
may not obtain non-U.S. regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.




52     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


The process to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize drug candidates is long, complex and
costly both inside and outside the United States, China and Europe, and approval is never guaranteed. Even if
our drug candidates were to successfully obtain approval from the regulatory authorities, any approval might
significantly limit the approved indications for use, or require that precautions, contraindications or warnings
be included on the product labeling, or require expensive and time-consuming post-approval clinical trials or
surveillance as conditions of approval. Following any approval for commercial sale of our drug candidates, certain
changes to the drug, such as changes in manufacturing processes and additional labeling claims, may be subject to
additional review and approval by the FDA, NMPA and EMA and comparable regulatory authorities. Also, regulatory
approval for any of our drug candidates may be withdrawn. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our
drug candidates in one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, our target market will
be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our drug candidates will be harmed. Furthermore,
we may not be able to obtain sufficient funding or generate sufficient revenue and cash flows to continue the
development of any other drug candidate in the future.


We have limited manufacturing capability and must rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our
commercial products and clinical supplies, and if they fail to meet their obligations, the development and
commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates could be adversely affected.


We have limited manufacturing capabilities and experience. Our drugs and drug candidates are composed of
multiple components and require specialized formulations for which scale-up and manufacturing could be difficult.
We have limited experience in such scale-up and manufacturing, requiring us to depend on a limited number
of third parties, who may not be able to deliver in a timely manner, or at all. In order to develop drugs and drug
candidates, apply for regulatory approvals, and commercialize our drugs and drug candidates, we will need to
develop, contract for, or otherwise arrange for the necessary manufacturing capabilities. There are risks inherent in
pharmaceutical manufacturing that could affect the ability of our contract manufacturers to meet our delivery time
requirements or provide adequate amounts of material to meet our needs.


We currently rely on third-party manufacturers to produce commercial quantities of drugs we are marketing,
including in-licensed drugs and our internally developed drugs, BRUKINSA and tislelizumab. In addition, if any of
our other drug candidates or in-licensed drugs or drug candidates becomes approved for commercial sale, we
will need to expand our internal capacity or establish additional third-party manufacturing capacity. Manufacturing
partner requirements may require us to fund capital improvements, perhaps on behalf of third parties, to support
the scale-up of manufacturing and related activities. We may not be able to establish scaled manufacturing
capacity for an approved drug in a timely or economic manner, if at all. If we or our third-party manufacturers
are unable to provide commercial quantities of such an approved drug, we will have to successfully transfer
manufacturing technology to a different manufacturer. Engaging a new manufacturer for such an approved drug
could require us to conduct comparative studies or utilize other means to determine bioequivalence of the new
and prior manufacturers’ products, which could delay or prevent our ability to commercialize such an approved
drug. If we or any of these manufacturers is unable or unwilling to increase its manufacturing capacity or if we
are unable to establish alternative arrangements on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, the development and
commercialization of such an approved drug may be delayed or there may be a shortage in supply. Any inability
to manufacture our drugs, drug candidates, in-licensed drugs and drug candidates or future approved drugs in
sufficient quantities when needed could seriously harm our business and our financial results.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT            53
RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers of our approved drugs, if any, must comply with GMP requirements enforced by the FDA, NMPA,
EMA and other comparable foreign health authorities through facilities inspection programs. These requirements
include quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of
our approved drugs may be unable to comply with these GMP requirements and with other FDA, NMPA, EMA,
state, and foreign regulatory requirements. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and
civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or
withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any quantities supplied is compromised due to a manufacturer’s
failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or
successfully commercialize our drugs, which would seriously harm our business.


We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment
transparency laws, fraud and abuse laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations in the United
States and other jurisdictions, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual
damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings.


Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any
products for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud
and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and
physician payment sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we are subject to patient privacy regulation by both the
federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.


Additionally, we are subject to state equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others,
some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare services reimbursed by any third-party
payor, not just governmental payors, but also private insurers. These laws are enforced by various state agencies
and through private actions. Some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply
with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct that restrict the payments made to healthcare providers and
other potential referral sources. Several states and local laws also impose other marketing restrictions or require
pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state, require drug manufacturers to
report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers,
and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. State laws also govern the privacy and
security of health information in some circumstances. These data privacy and security laws may differ from each
other in significant ways and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA, which may complicate compliance efforts. There
are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we fail to comply with an
applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties.




54     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines
and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and
debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring
actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws
of several states.


Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the applicability of fraud and
abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these laws, and
it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that our business
arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial
costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with
current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws
and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or
asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation
in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, individual imprisonment,
reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well
as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other
agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws.


In addition, the approval, commercialization, and other activities related to any of our drugs and drug candidates
outside the United States will also likely subject us to non-U.S. equivalents of the healthcare laws such as those
mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws. As with the state equivalents mentioned above, some of these
non-U.S. laws may be broader in scope. Data privacy and security laws and regulations in non-U.S. jurisdictions
may also be more stringent than those in the United States (such as the EU, which adopted the General Data
Protection Regulation, which became effective in May 2018).


If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we do business are found to be not in compliance
with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from
government funded healthcare programs, which may also adversely affect our business.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            55
RISK FACTORS


We may explore the licensing of development and/or commercialization rights or other forms of collaboration
worldwide, which will expose us to additional risks of conducting business in additional international markets.


Non-U.S. markets are an important component of our strategy. For example, in connection with our collaboration
with Amgen we have been granted the right to commercialize three of Amgen’s oncology products in China for five
or seven years and will have the option to retain one of the three oncology products to commercialize for as long
as the product is sold in China. We have also agreed to collaborate with Amgen on the global development and
commercialization in China of 20 Amgen oncology pipeline products. We initially intend to focus on opportunities
in China, in particular. If we fail to obtain licenses or enter into collaborative arrangements with third parties in other
markets, or if these parties are not successful, our revenue-generating growth potential will be adversely affected.
Moreover, international business relationships subject us to additional risks that may materially adversely affect our
ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:


•     efforts to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties in connection with our
      international sales, marketing and distribution efforts may increase our expenses or divert our management’s
      attention from the acquisition or development of drug candidates;


•     difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;


•     potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;


•     unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including the loss of normal trade
      status between China and the United States;


•     economic weakness, including inflation;


•     compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling abroad;


•     the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;


•     currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue;


•     workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;


•     failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and
      regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws; and


•     business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including trade disputes, war and terrorism, disease
      or public health epidemics, such as the coronavirus impacting China and elsewhere, or natural disasters,
      including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires.




56      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


These and other risks may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue from international
markets.


The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our drugs or stolen products could
have a negative impact on our reputation and business.


Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our drugs, which do not meet our or
our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit drug
may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a
result of counterfeit or unfit drugs sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition, thefts of inventory
at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold through unauthorized
channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.


Risks Related to Clinical Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Drugs and Drug Candidates


We depend substantially on the success of the clinical development of our drugs and drug candidates. If we are
unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain additional regulatory approvals and commercialize
our drugs and drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially
harmed.


Our business depends on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our drugs and
drug candidates for the treatment of patients with cancer, such as BRUKINSA, for which we obtained FDA approval
for the treatment for MCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy, and tislelizumab, for which
we obtained NMPA approval for the treatment of patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies,
and other drug candidates we may develop. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial
resources in the development of our drugs and drug candidates. The success of our drugs and drug candidates
depends on several factors, including:


•    successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials, as well as completion of preclinical studies;


•    favorable safety and efficacy data from our clinical trials and other studies;


•    receipt of regulatory approvals;


•    establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities, either by building facilities ourselves or making
     arrangements with third-party manufacturers;


•    the performance by CROs or other third parties we may retain of their duties to us in a manner that complies
     with our protocols and applicable laws and that protects the integrity of the resulting data;


•    obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory
     exclusivity;




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT            57
RISK FACTORS


•     ensuring we do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the valid patent, trade secret or other
      intellectual property rights of third parties;


•     successfully launching our drugs and drug candidates, if and when approved;


•     obtaining favorable reimbursement from third-party payors for drugs and drug candidates, if and when
      approved;


•     competition with other products;


•     continued acceptable safety profile following regulatory approval; and


•     manufacturing or obtaining sufficient supplies of our drugs, drug candidates and any competitor drug
      products that may be necessary for use in clinical trials for evaluation of our drug candidates and
      commercialization of our drugs.


If we do not achieve and maintain one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience
significant delays in our ability or be unable to obtain additional regulatory approvals for and/or to successfully
commercialize our drugs and drug candidates, which would materially harm our business and we may not be able
to generate sufficient revenues and cash flows to continue our operations.


Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of
earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure
can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of
our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim results
of a trial may not be predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show
the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials.
In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials of
the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols,
differences in the size and type of the patient populations, including genetic differences, patient adherence to the
dosing regimen and other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the
case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites
and additional countries and languages involved in such trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and
biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or
adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be
favorable.




58      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable efficacy and impressive durability of anti-tumor responses,
not all patients may benefit. For certain drugs, including checkpoint inhibitors, and in certain indications, it is likely
that the majority of patients may not respond to the agents at all, some responders may relapse after a period of
response and certain tumor types may appear particularly resistant.


If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We may experience numerous unexpected
events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval
or commercialize our drug candidates, including but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards, or ethics
committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a
prospective trial site; our inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites,
the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and
trial sites; manufacturing issues, including problems with manufacturing, supply quality, compliance with current
GMP, or obtaining sufficient quantities of a drug candidate for use in a clinical trial or for commercialization; clinical
trials of our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may
require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon drug development programs; the number of patients
required for clinical trials of our drug candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment may be insufficient or
slower than we anticipate or patients may drop out at a higher rate than we anticipate; our third-party contractors,
including clinical investigators, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations
to us in a timely manner, or at all; we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our drug candidates
for various reasons, including a finding of a lack of clinical response or other unexpected characteristics or a
finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; regulators, IRBs or ethics committees
may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research or not rely on the results of
clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; the cost of clinical
trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and the supply or quality of our drugs and drug
candidates, companion diagnostics or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates or
commercialization of our drugs may be insufficient or inadequate.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT             59
RISK FACTORS


If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that
we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other
testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety
concerns, we may:


•    be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates;


•    not obtain regulatory approval at all;


•    obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended;


•    have the drug removed from the market after obtaining regulatory approval;


•    be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements;


•    be subject to warning labels or restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used; or


•    be unable to obtain reimbursement for use of the drug.


Significant clinical trial, manufacturing or regulatory delays may also increase our development costs and could
shorten any periods during which we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow
our competitors to bring drugs to market before we do. This could impair our ability to commercialize our drug
candidates and may harm our business and results of operations.


If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be
delayed or otherwise adversely affected.


The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our
ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience
difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the size and nature of the
patient population and the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, competition from competing companies,
and natural disasters or public health epidemics, such as the coronavirus impacting China and elsewhere.


Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are in the same therapeutic
areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to
us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being
conducted by one of our competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is
limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors
use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Even
if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result
in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent
completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.




60     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Extensive Government Regulation


All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated.


All jurisdictions in which we conduct or intend to conduct our pharmaceutical-industry activities regulate these
activities in great depth and detail. We initially intend to focus our activities in the major markets of the United
States, China, EU, and other select countries. These geopolitical areas all strictly regulate the pharmaceutical
industry, and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies, including regulation of product
development and approval, manufacturing, and marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there
are differences in the regulatory regimes-some minor, some significant-that make for a more complex and costly
regulatory compliance burden for a company like ours that plans to operate in each of these regions.


The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with appropriate laws and regulations require the
expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements at
any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject an applicant
to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending
applications, withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations could
have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, although we obtained FDA approval of BRUKINSA
for the treatment of adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy and NMPA approval
of tislelizumab for patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies, the FDA and NMPA could
later withdraw these approvals. In order to market approved products in any given jurisdiction, we must comply
with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such jurisdiction regarding safety, efficacy and quality.
In any event, the receipt of FDA, NMPA or other regulatory approval does not assure ultimate success of our
commercialization efforts for our drugs.


The approval processes of regulatory authorities in the United States, China, Europe and other comparable
regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to
obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially harmed.


The time required to obtain approval by the FDA, the NMPA, the EMA, and other comparable regulatory authorities
is unpredictable and typically takes many years following the commencement of preclinical studies and clinical trials
and depends on numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            61
RISK FACTORS


Our drug candidates could be delayed or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:


•     failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;


•     failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate is safe, pure,
      and potent for its proposed indication;


•     failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval;


•     reporting or data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;


•     disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;


•     changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval
      or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;


•     regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, or questions
      regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new information regarding our drug
      candidates or other products;


•     failure to satisfy regulatory conditions regarding endpoints, patient population, available therapies and other
      requirements for our clinical trials in order to support marketing approval on an accelerated basis or at all;


•     our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical trial protocols;
      and


•     clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial protocol, failing to
      conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority may require more information, including additional
preclinical, CMC, and/or clinical data, to support approval, which may delay or prevent approval and our
commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the development program.


Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial
protocols submitted to applicable regulatory authorities to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to
resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing
or successful completion of a clinical trial.




62      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of any of our drug candidates, the
commercial prospects of that drug candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product sales revenues
from any of those drug candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will
increase our costs, slow down our drug candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability
to commence product sales and generate related revenues for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm
our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead
to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory
approval of our drug candidates.


Our development activities and regulatory filings also could be harmed or delayed by a shutdown of the U.S.
government, including the FDA, or other governments and regulatory authorities.


We believe that our drug candidates’ designation in China as Category 1 products should confer certain
regulatory advantages to us. These advantages may not result in commercial benefits to us as we expect, and
they might be changed in the future in a manner adverse to us.


In China, prior to seeking approval from the NMPA, a pharmaceutical company needs to determine the drug’s
registration category, which will determine the requirements for its clinical trial and marketing application. These
categories range from Category 1, for drugs incorporating a new chemical entity that has not previously been
marketed anywhere in the world, to Category 2, for drugs with new indications, dosage forms or routes of
administration and the like, to Categories 3 and 4, for certain generic drugs, to Category 5, for “originator” (what
would be known elsewhere as innovative) or generic drugs previously marketed abroad but not yet approved for
marketing in China. Therapeutic biologics follow a similar classification system. All of our internally developed drug
candidates are classified as Category 1 based on the respective clinical trial approval from the NMPA, which is a
favored category for regulatory review and approval.


The NMPA has adopted several mechanisms for expedited review and approval for drug candidates that apply
to Category 1 drug candidates. While we believe that the Category 1 designation of our internally developed drug
candidates should provide us with a significant regulatory, and therefore commercial, advantage over non-Chinese
companies seeking to market products in China, we cannot be sure that this will be the case. The pharmaceutical
regulatory environment is evolving quickly, and changes in laws, regulations, enforcement and internal policies
could result in the “favored” status of Category 1 products changing or being eliminated altogether or our products
classification in Category 1 changing. We cannot be certain that the advantages we believe will be conferred by our
Category 1 classifications will be realized or result in any material development or commercial advantage.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            63
RISK FACTORS


The absence of patent-linkage, patent-term extension and regulatory exclusivity for NMPA-approved
pharmaceutical products could increase the risk of early generic competition with our products in China.


In the United States, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the law commonly referred to
as the “Hatch-Waxman Amendments,” provides the opportunity for patent-term restoration of up to five years to
reflect patent term lost during certain portions of product development and the FDA regulatory review process.
The Hatch-Waxman Amendments also have a process for patent linkage, pursuant to which FDA will stay approval
of certain follow-on applications during the pendency of litigation between the follow-on applicant and the patent
holder or licensee, generally for a period of 30 months. Finally, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments provide for
statutory exclusivities that can prevent submission or approval of certain follow-on marketing applications. For
example, federal law provides a five-year period of exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to
obtain approval of a new chemical entity (as defined) and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations
to previously approved active ingredients where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical investigations
to obtain approval for the modification. Similarly, the Orphan Drug Act provides seven years of market exclusivity
for certain drugs to treat rare diseases, where FDA designates the drug candidate as an orphan drug and the drug
is approved for the designated orphan indication. These provisions, designed to promote innovation, can prevent
competing products from entering the market for a certain period of time after FDA grants marketing approval for
the innovative product.


In China, however, there is no currently effective law or regulation providing patent term extension, patent linkage,
or data exclusivity (referred to as regulatory data protection). Therefore, a lower-cost generic drug can emerge
onto the market much more quickly. Chinese regulators have set forth a framework for integrating patent linkage
and data exclusivity into the Chinese regulatory regime, as well as for establishing a pilot program for patent term
extension. The Economic and Trade Agreement Between the United States of America and the People’s Republic
of China announced in January 2020 (the “Trade Agreement”) also provides for patent linkage systems and patent
term extension systems. To be implemented, this framework will require adoption of legislation and regulations.
To date, the NMPA has issued several draft implementing regulations in this regard for public comment but no
regulations have been formally issued, and these concepts were not included in the revised Drug Administration
Law that became effective on December 1, 2019 and contains significant other changes to the drug regulatory
landscape in China. These factors result in weaker protection for us against generic competition in China than could
be available to us in the United States until the relevant implementing regulations for extension, patent linkage, or
data exclusivity are put into effect officially in China.




64      BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


Chinese manufacturing facilities have historically experienced issues operating in line with established
GMPs and international best practices, and passing FDA, NMPA and EMA inspections, which may result in a
longer and costlier current GMP inspection and approval process by the FDA, NMPA or EMA for our Chinese
manufacturing processes and third-party contract manufacturers.


To obtain FDA, NMPA and EMA approval for our drug candidates in the United States, China and Europe, we
will need to undergo strict pre-approval inspections of our manufacturing facilities, which we have located in
China, or the manufacturing facilities of our contract manufacturers located in China and elsewhere. Historically,
some manufacturing facilities in China have had difficulty meeting the FDA’s, NMPA’s or EMA’s standards. When
inspecting our or our contractors’ Chinese manufacturing facilities, the FDA, NMPA or EMA might cite GMP
deficiencies, both minor and significant, which we may not be required to disclose. Remediating deficiencies
can be laborious and costly and consume significant periods of time. Moreover, if the FDA, NMPA or EMA notes
deficiencies as a result of its inspection, it will generally reinspect the facility to determine if the deficiency was
remediated to its satisfaction. The FDA, NMPA or EMA may note further deficiencies as a result of its reinspection,
either related to the previously identified deficiency or otherwise. If we cannot satisfy the FDA, NMPA and EMA
as to our compliance with GMP in a timely basis, marketing approval for our drug candidates could be seriously
delayed, which in turn would delay commercialization of our drug candidates.


Undesirable adverse events caused by our drugs and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in
significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.


Undesirable adverse events (“AEs”) caused by our drugs and drug candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial
of regulatory approval by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities, or could result in
limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If the conduct or results of our trials or patient experience following
approval reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our trials could be suspended or terminated
and the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development
of, or deny approval of, our drug candidates or require us to cease commercialization following approval.


Numerous drug-related AEs and serious AEs (“SAEs”) have been reported in our clinical trials. Some of these
events have led to patient death. Drug-related AEs or SAEs could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled
subjects to complete the trial and could result in product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our
reputation, business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In our periodic and current reports filed with the
SEC and our press releases and scientific and medical presentations released from time to time we disclose clinical
results for our drug candidates, including the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such disclosure speaks only as
of the date of the data cutoff used in such report, and we undertake no duty to update such information unless
required by applicable law. Also, a number of immune-related adverse events (“IRAEs”) have been associated
with treatment with checkpoint inhibitors such as tislelizumab, including immune-mediated pneumonitis, colitis,
hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, skin adverse reactions, and encephalitis. These IRAEs
may be more common in certain patient populations (potentially including elderly patients) and may be exacerbated
when checkpoint inhibitors are combined with other therapies.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT             65
RISK FACTORS


Additionally, undesirable side effects caused by our drugs and drug candidates, or caused by our drugs and drug
candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could potentially cause significant negative consequences,
including:


•    regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;


•    we may suspend, delay or alter development of the drug candidate or marketing of the drug;


•    regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the drug, or we may determine to do so
     even if not required;


•    regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;


•    we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) for the drug, as is the case
     with REVLIMID, or, if a REMS is already in place, to incorporate additional requirements under the REMS, or
     to develop a similar strategy as required by a regulatory authority;


•    we may be required to conduct post-market studies; and


•    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients.


Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug or
drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects.


Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and
continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to
penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our drugs
and drug candidates.


Our drugs and any additional drug candidates that are approved will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements
for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of
post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both
federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable regulatory authorities in
China and other countries. For example, BRUKINSA and tislelizumab will continue to be subject to post-approval
development and regulatory requirements, which may limit how they are manufactured and marketed, and could
materially impair our ability to generate revenue. As such, we and our third-party manufacturers will be subject
to ongoing review and periodic inspections to assess compliance with applicable post-approval regulations.
Additionally, to the extent we want to make certain changes to the approved products, product labeling, or
manufacturing processes, we will need to submit new applications or supplements to regulatory authorities for
approval.




66     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, NMPA, EMA and
comparable regulatory authority requirements, including, in the United States, ensuring that quality control and
manufacturing procedures conform to GMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers are and will
be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments
made in any NDA or BLA, other marketing application, and previous responses to any inspection observations.
Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of
regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control.


The regulatory approvals for our drugs and any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates are and may
be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the conditions
of approval, which could adversely affect the drug’s commercial potential or contain requirements for potentially
costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the drug or drug candidate. The
FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may also require a REMS program or comparable program
as a condition of approval of our drug candidates or following approval, as is the case with REVLIMID. In addition,
if the FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority approves our drug candidates, we will have to comply
with requirements including, for example, submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports,
establishment registration, as well as continued compliance with GMP and good clinical practice (“GCP”) for any
clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.


The FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may seek to impose a consent decree or withdraw
marketing approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the
drug reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our drugs or drug candidates or
with our drug’s manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions
to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to
assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other
potential consequences include, among other things:


•    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our drugs, withdrawal of the product from the market, or
     voluntary or mandatory product recalls;


•    fines, untitled or warning letters, or holds on clinical trials;


•    refusal by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities to approve pending applications
     or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals or
     withdrawal of approvals;


•    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our drugs and drug candidates; and


•    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT            67
RISK FACTORS


The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications
and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA, NMPA, EMA and other regulatory
authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA,
NMPA, EMA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted
that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in
the United States or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly evolving. If we are
slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if
we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.


In addition, if we are able to obtain accelerated approval of any of our drug candidates, as we have done with
the initial approval of BRUKINSA in the United States, the FDA would require us to conduct a confirmatory study
to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may also require post-marketing safety studies. Other comparable
regulatory authorities outside the United States, such as the NMPA or EMA, may have similar requirements. The
results from the confirmatory study may not support the clinical benefit, which would result in the approval being
withdrawn. While operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions that we would not
be subject to upon receiving regular approval.


If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination with our drugs, we
may be unable to market such drug or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages, and
our business could be materially harmed.


We plan to develop certain of our drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If the FDA, NMPA, EMA or
another comparable regulatory agency revokes its approval of another therapeutic we use in combination with our
drug candidates, we will not be able to market our drug candidates in combination with such revoked therapeutic.
If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our drug candidates
in the future, we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be required to redesign or terminate the
applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result in a supply shortage of any component
of our combination drug candidates, we may not be able to complete clinical development of our drug candidates
on our current timeline or at all, or we may experience disruptions in the commercialization of our approved drugs.
For example, we have in-licensed drug candidates from third parties to conduct clinical trials in combination with
our drug candidates. We may rely on those third parties to manufacture the in-licensed drug candidates and may
not have control over their manufacturing process. If these third parties encounter any manufacturing difficulties,
disruptions or delays and are not able to supply sufficient quantities of drug candidates, our drug combination
study program may be delayed.




68     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Reimbursement may be limited or unavailable for our drugs and drug candidates. Even if we are able to
commercialize our drugs and any approved drug candidates, the drugs may become subject to unfavorable
pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices, which could harm our business.


The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new therapeutic products vary
widely from country to country. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the
U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. The EU provides options for its Member States to restrict
the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to
control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of
these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular
product candidate to currently available therapies. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal
product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing
the medicinal product on the market.


Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries,
the pricing review period begins after marketing or licensing approval is granted. In some non-U.S. markets,
prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval
is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a drug in a particular country, but then be subject to
price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the drug and negatively impact our revenues and results of
operations.


Our ability to commercialize any drugs successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement
for these drugs and related treatments will be available on adequate terms, or at all, from government health
administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. In the United States and markets in other
countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their
treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare
and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Sales of our product candidates will
depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates
will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management
organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and
other third-party payors.


A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party
payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular
medications.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            69
RISK FACTORS


In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among third-party payors.
As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a government or other third-party payor
is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical
and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our drugs on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. The principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are
typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed
under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Factors payors consider in
determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: a covered benefit under its health plan; safe,
effective and medically necessary; appropriate for the specific patient; cost-effective; and neither experimental nor
investigational.


Coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA or comparable
regulatory authorities in other countries. Even if we obtain coverage for a given drug, the resulting reimbursement
rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients
find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for,
long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our drugs and
any approved drug candidates unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant
portion of the cost of the drug. Because some of our drugs and drug candidates have a higher cost of goods than
conventional therapies and may require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that coverage and reimbursement
rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.


Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from
countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are
requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging
the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product
candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many
pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such
as average sales price (“ASP”) and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not
submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates
required by government healthcare programs.


Furthermore, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug
manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. For example, there have been several recent Congressional
inquiries, proposed bills or announced plans intended to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug
pricing, set patient spending caps, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship
between pricing and manufacturer’s patient programs, reform government program reimbursement methodologies
for drug products, and allow import of lower-priced drugs from other countries. While some proposed measures
may require additional authorization to become effective, Congress and the Trump administration have each
indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. We
cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether existing regulations, guidance
or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug
candidates, if any, may be.




70     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


In the United States, since its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and
legislative challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act (the “ACA”), and we expect there will be
additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. Various portions of the ACA are currently
undergoing legal and constitutional challenges in the Fifth Circuit Court and the United States Supreme Court;
the Trump Administration has issued various Executive Orders which eliminated cost sharing subsidies and
various provisions that would impose a fiscal burden on states or a cost, fee, tax, penalty or regulatory burden on
individuals, healthcare providers, health insurers, or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices; and
Congress has introduced several pieces of legislation aimed at significantly revising or repealing the ACA. It is
unclear whether the ACA will be overturned, repealed, replaced, or further amended. We cannot predict what affect
further changes to the ACA would have on our business.


Additionally, the current administration released a “Blueprint” to lower drug prices and reduce out of pocket costs
of drugs that contains additional proposals to increase manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating power
of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers to lower the list price of their products and reduce
the out of pocket costs of drug products paid by consumers. HHS has already started the process of soliciting
feedback on some of these measures and, at the same time, is immediately implementing others under its existing
authority. It is not clear what effect these measures may have on our business if we receive coverage for our drugs
and drug candidates


In China, drug prices are typically lower than in the United States and Europe, and until recently, the market has
been dominated by generic drugs. The PRC Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security or provincial or local
human resources and social security authorities, together with other government authorities, review the inclusion
or removal of drugs from China’s National Drug Catalog for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance
and Maternity Insurance, or the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), or provincial or local medical
insurance catalogues for the National Medical Insurance Program regularly, and the tier under which a drug will
be classified, both of which affect the amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those
drugs. There can be no assurance that our drugs and any approved drug candidates will be included in the NRDL or
provincial reimbursements lists, or if they are, that they will be included at a price that allows us to be commercially
successful. Products included in the NRDL have been typically generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs similar
to our drugs and drug candidates have historically been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL due to the
affordability of the government’s Basic Medical Insurance, although this has been changing in recent years.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            71
RISK FACTORS


In addition, in January 2019, the Chinese government launched a national program for volume-based, centralized
drug procurement with minimum quantity commitments in an attempt to negotiate lower prices from drug
manufacturers and reduce the price of drugs. The program was initially rolled out in 11 pilot cities and was
expanded nationwide in September 2019. Under the program, one of the key determining factors for a successful
bid is the price. The government will award a contract to the lowest bidders who are able to satisfy the quality
and quantity requirements. The successful bidders will be guaranteed a sale volume for at least a year. A volume
guarantee gives the winner an opportunity to gain or increase market share. The volume guarantee is intended to
make manufacturers more willing to cut their prices to win a bid. It may also enable manufacturers to lower their
distribution and commercial costs. Many types of drugs are covered under the program, including drugs made
by international pharmaceutical companies and generics made by domestic Chinese manufacturers. Moreover,
the program may change how generic drugs are priced and procured in China and is likely to accelerate the
replacement of originator drugs with generics. We cannot be sure whether there will be any changes to the program
in the future. The implementation of the program may negatively impact our existing commercial operations in China
as well as our strategies on how to commercialize our drugs in China, especially if one of our drugs is included
in the program but does not win the bid, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.


Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list
prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be
available for any drug that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any drug which we commercialize. Obtaining or
maintaining reimbursement for our drugs may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated
with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not available or is available only
to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any drug and drug candidate that we in-license
or successfully develop.


There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited
than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities outside the
United States. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at
a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments
for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent.
Payment rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based
on payments allowed for lower cost drugs that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing
payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required
by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently restrict
imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Our inability to
promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for our
drugs and any new drugs that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating
results, and our overall financial condition.




72     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


We intend to seek approval to market our drug candidates in the United States, China, Europe and in other
jurisdictions. In some non-U.S. countries, for example those in the EU, the pricing of drugs and biologics is
subject to governmental control, which can take considerable time even after obtaining regulatory approval.
Market acceptance and sales of our drugs will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and
reimbursement from third-party payors for drugs and may be affected by existing and future health care reform
measures.


Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain regulatory approval
of and commercialize our drugs and drug candidates and affect the prices we may obtain.


In the United States, China, the EU and some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and
regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could prevent or delay regulatory approval
of our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our drugs
and any drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. We expect that healthcare reform measures
may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for
any approved drug. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in
a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other
healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our
drugs and drug candidates.


Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and
promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will
be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such
changes on the regulatory approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be.


In recent years, there have been and will likely continue to be efforts to enact administrative or legislative changes
to healthcare laws and policies, including modification, repeal, or replacement of all, or certain provisions of, the
ACA. The implications of the ACA, its possible repeal, any legislation that may be proposed to replace the ACA,
modifications to the implementation of the ACA, and the political uncertainty surrounding any repeal or replacement
legislation for our business and financial condition, if any, are not yet clear.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT           73
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital


We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our
future performance.


We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company formed in October 2010. Our operations to date have focused
on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, establishing our intellectual property
portfolio, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials of our drug candidates, developing and operating internal
manufacturing capabilities, and the commercialization of our in-licensed and internally-discovered drugs. We have
limited experience in completing large-scale, pivotal or registrational clinical trials and obtaining, maintaining or
expanding regulatory approvals for our drugs and drug candidates. Additionally, we have limited experience in
manufacturing, sales, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. We have two internally developed
drugs approved for commercial sale and have only generated limited revenue from internally developed product
sales. Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of drugs in China licensed from BMS
and we expect to begin generating revenues from our internally developed products in 2020. Our limited operating
history, particularly in light of the rapidly evolving cancer treatment field, may make it difficult to evaluate our
current business and reliably predict our future performance. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. If we do not address these risks and difficulties
successfully, our business will suffer.


We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable.


Investment in pharmaceutical drug development is highly speculative. It entails substantial upfront capital
expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory approval or become commercially
viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we have incurred
losses in each period since our inception, except in the third quarter of 2017, when we were profitable due to
revenue recognized from an up-front license fee from BMS. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had an
accumulated deficit of US$2.0 billion and US$1.0 billion, respectively. Substantially all of our operating losses have
resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from selling, general
and administrative expenses associated with our operations.




74     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase in the near
term as we continue and expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and
our manufacturing facilities, commercialize our drugs and launch new drugs, if approved, maintain and expand
regulatory approvals, contribute up to US$1.25 billion to the global development of 20 Amgen pipeline assets, and
commercialize the drugs that we have licensed from BMS and drugs that we have the right to commercialize under
our collaboration with Amgen in China and any other drugs that we may successfully develop or license. Typically, it
takes many years to develop one new drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating patients.
In addition, we will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company in the United States
and Hong Kong. We will also incur costs in support of our growth as a commercial-stage global biotechnology
company. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the number and scope of our drug development
programs and the associated costs of those programs, the cost of our manufacturing activities, the cost of
commercializing our approved products, our ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones
and other payments we make or receive with arrangements with third parties. If any of our drug candidates fail
in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance, we may
never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in
subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and
could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization
efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.


We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
financing, we may be unable to complete the further development and commercialization of our drugs and drug
candidates.


Our drugs and drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review, scale up and
availability of manufacturing resources, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can
provide us with product sales revenue. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception.
Our operating activities used US$750.3 million and US$547.7 million of net cash during the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from operating activities in 2019 and 2018
primarily due to our net losses of US$950.6 million and US$674.0 million, respectively. Although we recorded
positive net cash flows from operating activities in 2017, primarily due to the upfront fees received from the BMS
collaboration, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate positive cash flows from operating activities in
the future. In January 2020, we received gross proceeds of approximately US$2.78 billion from the issuance of our
ordinary shares in the form of ADSs to Amgen. Under the collaboration with Amgen, we will equally share profits/
losses with Amgen for Amgen’s oncology products in China during each product’s respective commercialization
period and will also be eligible to receive royalties on sales of Amgen’s products in China or outside of China in the
future, based on specified terms.


Our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by the negative net cash flows, and
we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash from other sources to fund our operations. If we resort to
other financing activities to generate additional cash, we will incur financing costs and we cannot guarantee that we
will be able to obtain the financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we raise financing by issuing further
equity securities your interest in our company may be diluted. If we have negative operating cash flows in the
future, our liquidity and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT            75
RISK FACTORS


We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on drug discovery, advancing the clinical development
of our drug candidates, contributing to the global development of 20 Amgen pipeline assets, developing our
manufacturing capabilities and securing drug supply, and launching and commercializing our and our collaborators’
drugs and any additional drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, including building and
maintaining a commercial organization to address markets in China, the United States and other countries.


Since September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of drugs in China licensed from BMS, and
we expect to begin generating revenues from our internally developed products in 2020. These revenues are not
sufficient to support our operations. Although it is difficult to predict our liquidity requirements, based upon our
current operating plan, we believe that we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to
meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, we believe that our existing
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments may not be sufficient to enable us to complete all global
development or commercially launch all of our current drugs and drug candidates for the currently anticipated
indications and to invest in additional programs. Accordingly, we may require further funding through public or
private offerings, debt financing, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources. Our forecast of the
period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking
statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors,
including the factors discussed elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section. We have based this estimate on
assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we
currently expect. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including:


•    our ability to successfully market our approved drugs;


•    the progress, timing, scope and costs of our clinical trials, including the ability to timely enroll patients in our
     planned and potential future clinical trials;


•    the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals of our drug candidates;


•    the number and characteristics of drugs and drug candidates that we may in-license and develop;


•    the amount and timing of the development, milestone and royalty payments we receive from our collaborators;


•    the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property
     rights;


•    selling and marketing costs associated with our drugs and any future drug candidates that may be approved,
     including the cost and timing of expanding our marketing and sales capabilities;


•    the terms and timing of any potential future collaborations, licensing or other arrangements that we may
     establish;




76     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


•    cash requirements of any future acquisitions, licensing and/or the development of other drug candidates;


•    the cost and timing of development and completion of commercial-scale internal or outsourced manufacturing
     activities; and


•    our headcount growth and associated costs.


Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise
capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and
development programs or future commercialization efforts. Our inability to obtain additional funding when we need
it could seriously harm our business.


Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to
relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.


We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect your rights as a holder of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The incurrence of additional
indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and
could also result in certain additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional
debt or issue additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other
operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, issuance of
additional equity securities, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our ADSs and/
or ordinary shares to decline. In the event that we enter into collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to
raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party
on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or
commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve
more favorable terms.


Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could materially reduce the
value of your investment.


We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong
dollar, in particular, the RMB, the Euro, and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency
exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We do not regularly engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates
between particular foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A decline in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies
in countries in which we conduct clinical trials could have a negative impact on our research and development
costs. We cannot predict the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            77
RISK FACTORS


The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy proposed or adopted by the
PRC, Australia and other non-U.S. governments. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC, Australia, other
non-U.S. governments and U.S. government policies may impact the exchange rate of RMB and the U.S. dollar
or any other currencies in the future. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to
adopt a more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government, which has threatened to label China as a
“currency manipulator,” which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.


Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, and our costs are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Australian dollars, RMB and Euro, and a large portion of our financial assets and a significant portion of our
debt is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially reduce any
dividends payable on our ordinary shares and/or ADSs in U.S. dollars. To the extent that we need to convert U.S.
dollars into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect
on the RMB amount we would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of
making payments for dividends on our ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against
the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.


In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable
costs. Furthermore, we are also currently required to obtain the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”)’s
approval before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into RMB. All of these factors could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and could reduce the value
of, and dividends payable on, our ordinary shares and/or ADSs in foreign currency terms.


Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of,
or defaults by, our distributors and customers, and an impairment in the carrying value of our short-term
investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations.


We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations to us as a result
of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue to expand our business, the
amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase over the next few years, as will the breadth
of the entities to which we have credit exposure. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific
distributors and customers that we believe may present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or
circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.


Also, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments represent
the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents of US$618.0 million and
US$712.9 million, restricted cash of US$2.8 million and US$27.8 million and short-term investments of US$364.7
million and US$1.1 billion at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, most of which are deposited in financial
institutions outside of China. Although our cash and cash equivalents in China are deposited with various major
reputable financial institutions, the deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory
or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to
claim our deposits back in full. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, our short-term investments consisted of U.S.
Treasury securities.




78     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Although we believe that U.S. Treasury securities are of high credit quality, concerns about, or a default by, one or
more institutions in the market could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions,
which in turn could adversely affect us.


Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property


If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our drug candidates and drugs through intellectual
property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, third parties
may compete directly against us.


Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and drug candidates and
drugs from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including patent
rights. We seek to protect the drugs, drug candidates and technology that we consider commercially important
by filing patent applications in the United States, the PRC and other countries, relying on trade secrets or
pharmaceutical regulatory protection or employing a combination of these methods. This process is expensive
and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications
at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our
research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection.


The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to file,
prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patents and/or patent applications at a
reasonable cost or in a timely manner. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and
commercializing competitive drugs in all such fields and territories.


Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of reasons, including known
or unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent applications or the lack of novelty of the underlying invention or
technology. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output
in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with
parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our
employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors
and any other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a
patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of
discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United
States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases, not at all.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending
patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, the PRC
and, recently, the United States have adopted the “first-to-file” system under which whoever first files a patent
application will be awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. Under the first-to-file system,
third parties may be granted a patent relating to a technology which we invented.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT           79
RISK FACTORS


In addition, under the PRC Patent Law, any organization or individual that applies for a patent in a foreign country
for an invention or utility model accomplished in China is required to report to the National Intellectual Property
Administration, or NIPA, for security examination. Otherwise, if an application is later filed in China, the patent right
will not be granted.


The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope
can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we license or own currently or in the future issue
as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors
or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition,
the patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex
legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance,
scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain.


The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents
may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States, PRC and other countries. We may be subject
to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”)
or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review, or
interference proceedings or similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions challenging our patent rights or the patent
rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope
of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or drugs or drug candidates
and compete directly with us without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize drugs
or drug candidates without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party patent rights. Moreover,
we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention or
in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of our
invention or other features of patentability of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss
of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which
could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products,
or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology, drugs, and drug candidates. Such proceedings
also may result in substantial costs and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the
eventual outcome is favorable to us. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our technology or drugs or drug
candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third
parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a
non-infringing manner.




80     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection it affords, is
limited. For example, the approved cancer therapies we have licensed from BMS in China, ABRAXANE, REVLIMID,
and VIDAZA, face or are expected to face competition from generic medications, and we may face similar
competition for any approved drugs even if we successfully obtain patent protection. Manufacturers of generic
drugs may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our patents in court, and we may not be successful in
enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the
relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. The
issued patents and pending patent applications, if issued, for our drugs and drug candidates are expected to expire
on various dates as described in “Business-Intellectual Property” of this annual report. Upon the expiration of our
issued patents or patents that may issue from our pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert such
patent rights against potential competitors and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.


Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates,
patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug candidates are
commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us with sufficient rights to
exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. Moreover, some of our patents and
patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with or licensed from third parties. If we are unable to
obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners’ interest in such patents or patent applications, such
co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors
could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners
or the licensors of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not
be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business,
financial conditions, results of operations and prospects.


We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.


Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drugs or drug candidates in all countries throughout
the world could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our intellectual property rights in some non-U.S. countries
can have a different scope and strength than do those in the United States. In addition, the laws of certain non-U.
S. countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. federal and state laws do.
Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the
United States, or from selling or importing drugs made using our inventions in and into the United States or non-U.S.
jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection
to develop their own drugs and further, may export otherwise infringing drugs to non-U.S. jurisdictions where we
have patent protection, but where enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These drugs
may compete with our drugs and drug candidates and our patent rights or other intellectual property rights may not
be effective or adequate to prevent them from competing. In addition, we may not be able to enforce patents that
we in-license from third parties, who may delay or decline to enforce patents in the licensed territory.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          81
RISK FACTORS


We currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be
the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the
same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our primary brands, we may be required to
change our brand names, which could materially adversely affect our business. Moreover, as our products mature,
our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors will increase, and as a result, if we are
unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or
otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.


Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in
certain jurisdictions, including China. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents,
trade secrets and other intellectual property, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could
make it difficult in those jurisdictions for us to stop the infringement or misappropriation of our patents or other
intellectual property rights, or the marketing of competing drugs in violation of our proprietary rights.


We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be
commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may
be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop.


We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive,
time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our drugs and drug candidates could be found
invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before the USPTO or comparable non-U.S. authority.


Competitors may infringe our patent rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.
To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend
our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of our own
intellectual property rights or the proprietary rights of others. This can be expensive and time consuming. Any
claims that we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against
us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property rights. Many of our current and potential competitors have
the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce and/or defend their intellectual property rights
than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or
misappropriating our intellectual property. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put our patent, as
well as any patents that may issue in the future from our pending patent applications, at risk of being invalidated,
held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required
in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be
compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.




82     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are
commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability
of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad,
even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review,
post-grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings.
Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover
and protect our drugs or drug candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability
is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no
invalidating prior art of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution.
If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part,
and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our drugs or drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could
have a material adverse impact on our business.


We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in
countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.


If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time
consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our drugs or drug candidates.


Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the valid patents and other intellectual
property rights of third parties. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent applications
belonging to third parties that exist in fields of our drugs and drug candidates. There may also be third-party
patents or patent applications of which we are currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we operate,
additional patents are likely to issue that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation
and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents
are issued, the risk increases that our drugs and drug candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the
patent rights of others.


Third parties may assert that we are using technology in violation of their patent or other proprietary rights. Defense
of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and divert our technical
personnel, management personnel, or both from their normal responsibilities. Even in the absence of litigation, we
may seek to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license is available, it could
impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            83
RISK FACTORS


If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property rights, we may be
subject to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one or
more of our drugs and drug candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial
litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a
successful claim against us of infringement or misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may
have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement,
pay royalties or redesign our infringing drugs and drug candidates, which may be impossible or require substantial
time and cost. In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation, or even in the absence of litigation, we may
need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our drugs or drug
candidates. Any such license might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. In the event that we are unable
to obtain such a license, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our drug and
drug candidates, which could harm our business significantly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in
order to settle patent infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements
may require us to pay royalties and other fees that could significantly harm our business.


We are aware of U.S. patents with claims covering certain antibodies that are relevant to tislelizumab for which
patents are expected to expire in 2023 or 2024; complexes of irreversible BTK inhibitors that are relevant to
BRUKINSA for which the patent is expected to expire in 2027; and the use of PARP inhibitors to treat certain
cancers that are relevant to pamiparib for which patents are expected to expire between 2027 and 2031. We are
also aware of issued patents in Europe and China relevant to pamiparib. Although we believe that the relevant
claims of these patents would likely be held invalid, we can provide no assurance that a court or an administrative
agency would agree with our assessment. If the validity of the relevant claims of one or more of these patents were
to be upheld upon a validity challenge, and our related drug or drug candidate was to be approved for sale in the
United States before the expiration of the relevant patents, we would need a license to commercialize the drug or
drug candidate in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents. In addition, depending upon the
circumstances, we may need licenses for jurisdictions outside of the United States where we wish to commercialize
a particular drug or drug candidate before the expiration of corresponding patents covering that drug or drug
candidate. In such cases, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license or licenses on
commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could materially and adversely affect our business.


Even if litigation or other proceedings are resolved in our favor, there could be public announcements of the
results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors
perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the market price of the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce
the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may
not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of
our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can
because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent
litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.




84     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document
submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent
protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements.


Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent agencies in
several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies
require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during
the patent application process. Although an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee
or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights
in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent
application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and
failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In any such event, our competitors might be able to enter
the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.


If we do not obtain patent term extension and regulatory exclusivity for any drugs or drug candidates we may
develop, our business may be materially harmed.


Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any drugs or drug candidates
we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the
Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years
as compensation for patent term lost during clinical trials and the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term
extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of drug approval,
only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or
a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for
example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply
within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy
applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could
be less than we request. In addition, no patent term extension system has been established in the PRC yet, and
implementation of the patent term extension proposed in the Innovation Opinion and the Trade Agreement may not
occur quickly. As a result, the patents we have in the PRC are not yet eligible to be extended for patent term lost
during clinical trials and the regulatory review process. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of
any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following
our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially
harmed.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT            85
RISK FACTORS


Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our
drugs or drug candidates.


The United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation.
Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances
and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard
to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the
value of patents once obtained, if any. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the
USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our
ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There
could be similar changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights or our
other intellectual property rights.


If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would
be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade
secrets of their former employers.


In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our
drugs and drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees
and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary
information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.


Furthermore, many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these
employees, including each member of our senior management, executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and
non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our
employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject
to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or
other proprietary information, of any such employee’s former employer. If we fail in defending any such claims, in
addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we
are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to
management.




86      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the
development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may
be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that
we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of such intellectual
property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may
lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel.


We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights for our development pipeline through
acquisitions and in-licenses.


Because our programs may involve additional drug candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by
third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire and maintain licenses or other
rights to use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of
use, or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition
of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are
also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive.
These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and
greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to
required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could
suffer.


If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights
from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could
be required to pay monetary damages or could lose license rights that are important to our business.


We have entered into license agreements with third parties providing us with rights under various third-party
patents and patent applications. These license agreements impose diligence, development or commercialization
timelines and milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our
obligations under our current or future license agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these
agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any drug or drug candidate
that is covered by the licenses provided for under these agreements or we may face claims for monetary damages
or other penalties under these agreements. Such an occurrence could diminish the value of these products and our
company. Termination of the licenses provided for under these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights
under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable
terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property
or technology.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT             87
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties


If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our drugs, our business and sales of the relevant drugs
could be adversely affected.


We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our approved drugs. For example, we rely on a sole third-party
distributor to distribute BMS’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA, and multiple
third-party distributors for the distribution of BRUKINSA and tislelizumab. We also expect to rely on third-party
distributors to distribute our other internally developed drug products, if approved, and the oncology products of
Amgen to be commercialized by us in China under the collaboration with Amgen. Our ability to maintain and grow
our business will depend on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery
of our drugs to the relevant markets where we generate market demand through our sales and marketing activities.
However, we have relatively limited control over our distributors, who may fail to distribute our drugs in the manner
we contemplate. For example, while we have long-standing business relationship with our sole distributor for the
in-licensed products from BMS, the agreement we entered into with our sole distributor can be terminated by
both parties upon six months’ written notice. If price controls or other factors substantially reduce the margins our
distributors can obtain through the resale of our products to hospitals, medical institutions and sub-distributors,
they may terminate their relationship with us. While we believe alternative distributors are readily available, there is a
risk that, if the distribution of our drugs is interrupted, our sales volumes and business prospects could be adversely
affected.


We rely on third parties to manufacture at least a portion of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our
business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to
do so at acceptable quality levels or prices.


Although we currently have manufacturing facilities that may be used for clinical-scale manufacturing and
processing and are building a biologics manufacturing facility in China, we intend to at least partially rely on
outside vendors to manufacture supplies and process our drugs and drug candidates. For example, we have
entered into a commercial supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals
(China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) and entered into a commercial supply agreement for BRUKINSA with Catalent
Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Catalent”). In addition, we rely on BMS and its third-party manufacturers for supply of
ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA in China. We will be dependent on Amgen for the supply of the drugs that
we plan to develop and commercialize in China under the collaboration with Amgen. We have limited experience
in manufacturing or processing our drugs and drug candidates on a commercial scale, including BRUKINSA and
tislelizumab. Additionally, we have limited experience in managing the manufacturing process, and our process may
be more difficult or expensive than the approaches currently in use.




88     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Although we intend to further develop our own manufacturing facilities, we also intend to use third parties as part
of our manufacturing process and for the clinical and commercial supply of our drugs and drug candidates. Our
anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks:


•    we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential
     manufacturers is limited and the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities must evaluate
     and/or approve any manufacturers as part of their regulatory oversight of our drugs and drug candidates.
     This evaluation would require new testing and GMP-compliance inspections by FDA, NMPA, EMA or other
     comparable regulatory authorities;


•    our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our drugs and drug candidates,
     and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement and maintain the
     infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our drugs and drug candidates;


•    our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our drugs and drug candidates or
     produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. For example, we
     encountered supply disruptions of ABRAXANE in 2019 and 2020, which may recur in the future;


•    manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state
     agencies in the United States to ensure strict compliance with GMPs and other government regulations and
     by other comparable regulatory authorities for corresponding non-U.S. requirements. We do not have control
     over third-party manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and requirements;


•    we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our
     third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our drugs and drug candidates;


•    raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
     other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or
     component defects; and


•    our contract manufacturers and critical drug component suppliers may be subject to disruptions in their
     business, including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks
     on supplier systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made
     disasters.


Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our drug
candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact development or commercialization of our drugs. In addition,
we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our drugs and drug candidates prior to delivery
to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of
serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on our company until deficiencies are
remedied.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            89
RISK FACTORS


On March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to
the Company by Celgene, a BMS company. This suspension is based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract
manufacturing facility in the United States. Following additional meetings with the health authorities, Celgene has
initiated a voluntary recall of all existing stock of ABRAXANE in mainland China. As a result, we expect a disruption
in ABRAXANE supply in China and are working closely with BMS to restore supply as soon as possible, including
through BMS’s remediation efforts at the current manufacturing site and application to qualify an alternative
manufacturing site for China supply. On March 25, 2020, the China National Healthcare Security Administration
removed ABRAXANE from the volume-based procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision to suspend the
importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE.


Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source suppliers, although
portions of our supply chain may rely on sole source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug
materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition,
we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, it would materially harm our business. For example, the COVID-19 outbreak could have a broad impact
on the production and supplies of active ingredients or other raw materials and result in a potential shortage of
supply, as a large portion of such active ingredients or raw materials used by drug manufacturers worldwide are
from China. Therefore, drug manufacturers including us could be negatively impacted.


Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up
or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing process (including the
absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and
yields, quality control, including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if
contaminants are discovered in the supply of our drugs and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities,
such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy
the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture
of our drugs and drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience
manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political
environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their
contractual obligations, our ability to provide our drugs for commercial sale and our drug candidates to patients in
clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the
completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending
upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials
completely.




90     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial
condition will be adversely affected.


Before a third party can begin commercial manufacture of our drugs and drug candidates, contract manufacturers
are subject to regulatory inspections of their manufacturing facilities, processes and quality systems. Due to
the complexity of the processes used to manufacture drug and biological products and our drug candidates,
any potential third-party manufacturer may be unable to initially pass federal, state or international regulatory
inspections in a cost-effective manner in order for us to obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates. If our
contract manufacturers do not pass their inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities, our commercial supply
of drug product or substance will be significantly delayed and may result in significant additional costs, including
the delay or denial of any marketing application for our drug candidates or disruption in sales. In addition, drug and
biological manufacturing facilities are continuously subject to inspection by regulatory authorities, before and after
drug approval, and must comply with GMPs. Our contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties in achieving
quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel. In addition, contract
manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in accordance with applicable
regulatory requirements, or the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury, product liability
claims, product shortages, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost
overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. If a third-party manufacturer with whom we
contract is unable to comply with manufacturing regulations, we may also be subject to fines, unanticipated
compliance expenses, recall or seizure of our drugs, product liability claims, total or partial suspension of
production and/or enforcement actions, including injunctions, and criminal or civil prosecution. These possible
sanctions could materially adversely affect our financial results and financial condition.


Furthermore, changes in the manufacturing process or procedure, including a change in the location where the
product is manufactured or a change of a third-party manufacturer, could require prior review by regulatory
authorities and/or approval of the manufacturing process and procedures in accordance with applicable
requirements. This review may be costly and time consuming and could delay or prevent the launch of a product
or impact commercialization or continuous supply of approved drugs. The new facility will also be subject to
pre-approval inspection. In addition, we have to demonstrate that the product made at the new facility is equivalent
to the product made at the former facility by physical and chemical methods, which are costly and time consuming.
It is also possible that regulatory authorities may require clinical testing as a way to prove equivalency, which would
result in additional costs and delay.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019     ANNUAL REPORT          91
RISK FACTORS


We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and we must work effectively
with collaborators to develop our drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their
contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or
commercialize our drugs and drug candidates and our business could be substantially harmed.


We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs to monitor and manage data for our
ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of our preclinical studies and
clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that
each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements
and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We,
our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators are required to comply with GCPs, which are
regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, NMPA, EMA and other comparable regulatory authorities for all of
our drugs in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with applicable
GCPs and other regulatory requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable
and the FDA, NMPA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials
before approving our marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted with product
produced under GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical
trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We could also be subject to government investigation
and enforcement actions.


If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees,
and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or
not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. If CROs do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.


Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can materially influence our ability
to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar
challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.




92     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


Our future revenues are dependent on, among other factors, our ability to identify a collaboration partner and
negotiate acceptable terms for a collaboration agreement and to work effectively with collaborators to develop our
drugs and drug candidates, including to obtain regulatory approval. Our arrangements with collaborators will be
critical to successfully bringing products to market and commercializing them. We rely on collaborators in various
respects, including to undertake research and development programs and conduct clinical trials, manage or assist
with the regulatory filings and approval process and to assist with our commercialization efforts. We do not control
our collaborators; therefore, we cannot ensure that these third parties will adequately and timely perform all of
their obligations to us. If they fail to complete the remaining studies successfully, or at all, it could delay, adversely
affect or prevent regulatory approval. We cannot guarantee the satisfactory performance of any of our collaborators
and if any of our collaborators breach or terminate their agreements with us, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize the licensed product which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
cash flows and results of operations.


We have entered into collaborations and may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into
additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such collaborations,
alliances or licensing arrangements.


We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into additional licensing
arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our research, development and
commercialization efforts with respect to our drugs and drug candidates and any future drugs and drug candidates
that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges,
increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders, or disrupt our
management and business.


In August 2017, we acquired Celgene Corporation’s commercial operations in China and an exclusive license to
Celgene’s (now BMS’s) commercial cancer portfolio in China, ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA (the “BMS
China License”). On October 31, 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen with respect to its
commercial-stage oncology products XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO and 20 clinical- and late-preclinical-stage
oncology pipeline products. We are authorized to commercialize the three oncology products in China for five or
seven years and have the option to retain one of the three oncology products to commercialize for as long as the
product is sold in China. For each pipeline product that is approved in China, we have the right to commercialize
the pipeline product for seven years in China and the right to retain approximately one of every three approved
pipeline assets, up to a total of six, other than AMG 510, for commercialization in China.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT             93
RISK FACTORS


Our strategic collaborations with Amgen and BMS involve numerous risks. For our collaboration with Amgen, we
cannot be certain that we will achieve the financial and other benefits that led us to enter into the collaboration.
Moreover, we may not achieve the revenue and cost synergies expected from our collaborations with Amgen
or BMS for their commercial products in China, and our management’s attention may be diverted from our drug
discovery and development business. These synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant
business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and
are beyond our control. If we achieve the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated
time frame. Lastly, strategic collaborations can be terminated for various reasons. For example, our strategic
collaboration with Celgene for the development and commercialization of tislelizumab, which we entered into
in connection with the BMS China License in 2017, was terminated in June 2019 in advance of the acquisition
of Celgene by BMS, and we received a US$150 million payment and regained global rights to tislelizumab. The
termination of the collaboration agreement for tislelizumab did not impact the BMS China License, which remains in
effect.


Additionally, from time to time, we may enter into joint ventures with other companies. Establishment of a joint
venture involves significant risks and uncertainties, including (i) our ability to cooperate with our strategic partner, (ii)
our strategic partner having economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and (iii)
the potential that our strategic partner may be unable to meet its economic or other obligations, which may require
us to fulfill those obligations alone.


We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is
time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic
partnership or other alternative arrangements for our drugs and drug candidates because they may be deemed
to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our drugs and
drug candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy or commercial viability. If and
when we collaborate with a third party for development and commercialization of a drug or drug candidate, we can
expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that drug or drug candidate to the third
party. For any drugs or drug candidates that we may seek to in-license from third parties, we may face significant
competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies with greater resources or capabilities than us,
and any agreement that we do enter may result in the anticipated benefits.


Further, collaborations involving our drugs and drug candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include
the following:


•     collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a
      collaboration;


•     collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates or may
      elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
      changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drugs, availability of funding, or other
      external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities;




94        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


•    collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial,
     abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a drug
     candidate for clinical testing;


•    collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drugs that compete directly or
     indirectly with our drugs or drug candidates;


•    a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more drugs may not commit sufficient resources
     to their marketing and distribution;


•    collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
     property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
     jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;


•    disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research,
     development or commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates, or that result in costly litigation or
     arbitration that diverts management attention and resources;


•    collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
     further development or commercialization of the applicable drugs and drug candidates; and


•    collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our drugs that results from our collaborating
     with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual
     property.


As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, strategic partnerships or
the license of our third-party drugs and drug candidates if we are unable to successfully integrate such products
with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect
our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the
revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable
collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug
candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its
potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures
and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake
development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional
capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do
not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we
may not be able to further develop our drugs and drug candidates or bring them to market and generate product
sales revenue, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT                95
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations


Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel.


We are highly dependent on Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific advisory
board, which may from time to time provide us assistance upon our request, and director; John V. Oyler, our
Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors; and the other principal members
of our management and scientific teams. Although we have formal employment agreements or offer letters with
each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives from terminating their employment
with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any of our executives or other employees.
The loss of the services of any of these persons could impede the achievement of our research, development and
commercialization objectives.


To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have
provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest over time. The value to employees
of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in the ADS and/or ordinary
share price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from
other companies. Although we have employment agreements or offer letters with our key employees, any of our
employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice.


Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be
critical to our success. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to
assist us in formulating and executing our discovery, clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization
strategy. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees and consultants could impede
the achievement of our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization objectives and seriously harm
our ability to successfully implement our business strategy.


Furthermore, replacing executive officers, key employees or consultants may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience
required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or
consultants on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel.


We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have
commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be
limited.




96         BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


We have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties
in managing our growth.


At the beginning of 2019, we had 2,070 employees, and we ended the year with 3,359 employees, an increase
of approximately 62%. Most of our employees are full-time. As our research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must add a significant number of additional managerial,
operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Our recent growth and any future
growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including:


•    identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional employees;


•    managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and regulatory authority review
     process for our drug candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other
     third parties; and


•    improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures.


Our future financial performance and our ability to develop and commercialize our drugs and drug candidates will
depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any future growth, and our management
may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote
a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.


We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on certain independent organizations, advisors
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent
organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or
that we can find qualified replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing
consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.


If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring new employees
and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be able to successfully
implement the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our drugs and drug candidates
and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            97
RISK FACTORS


We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company in the United States and Hong Kong,
and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing
and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable
to comply with these requirements.


As a public company in the United States and Hong Kong, we are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the listing rules of the Nasdaq
Stock Market (“NASDAQ”), and the HKEx, and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), together with rules implemented by the SEC,
and applicable market regulators, and the listing rules of the NASDAQ and HKEx. These rules impose various
requirements on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management
and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and
regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and
costly.


For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for
financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process
evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We have limited experience in complying with Section 404, and such compliance may require that we incur
substantial accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies
in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify
significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner,
the market price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the
reliability of our financial statements, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, HKEx or other
applicable regulatory authorities and our business could be harmed.


If we engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our
shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.


From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic partnerships, including licensing or acquiring
complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-process or
potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including:


•     increased operating expenses and cash requirements;


•     the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;


•     the issuance of our equity securities;


•     assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
      associated with integrating new personnel;




98        BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


•    the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing
     such a strategic merger or acquisition;


•    retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business
     relationships;


•    risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that
     party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and regulatory approvals; and


•    our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in
     undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs.


In addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur
large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense.
For example, in connection with the Amgen transaction, we issued to Amgen a total of 206,635,013 ordinary
shares in the form of ADSs, representing 20.5% of the issued share capital of the Company after giving effect to
the share issuance, which resulted in Amgen becoming our largest shareholder and the ownership of our existing
shareholders being diluted.


PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions, including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), and other recently adopted
regulations and rules with respect to mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex. For
example, the M&A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the “MOFCOM”) be notified in advance
of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any
important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have impact on the national
economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a
famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law of the PRC and
the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings issued by the State Council,
the concentration of business undertakings by way of mergers, acquisitions or contractual arrangements that allow
one market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player must also be notified in
advance to the State Administration of Market Regulation (the “SAMR”) when the threshold is crossed and such
concentration shall not be implemented without the clearance of prior notification. In addition, the Regulations
on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprise by Foreign
Investors (the “Security Review Rules”) issued by the MOFCOM specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign
investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign
investors may acquire the de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are
subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review
by structuring the transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            99
RISK FACTORS


We may also be subject to similar review and regulations in other jurisdictions, such as the laws and regulations on
foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United
States (the “CFIUS”) and other agencies, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (the
“FIRRMA”), adopted in August 2018.


In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from CFIUS, the SAMR, the
MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions. It is unclear
whether those complementary businesses we may acquire in the future would be deemed to be in an industry that
raises “national defense and security” or “national security” concerns.


However, CFIUS, MOFCOM or other government agencies may publish explanations in the future determining
that certain of the complementary business is in an industry subject to the security review, in which case our
future acquisitions in the United States and the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control
arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our business
or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely
affected.


If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery and corruption laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits us from making
improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject
to the anti-bribery and corruption laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. The anti-bribery laws in China
generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. As our business has expanded, the
applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and corruption laws to our operations has increased.


We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters have with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of our products through means that
constitute violations of United States, PRC or other countries’ anti-corruption and related laws. If our employees,
distributors or third-party promoters engage in corrupt or other improper conduct that results in violation of
applicable anti-corruption laws in the United States, PRC or other jurisdictions, our reputation could be harmed.
Furthermore, we could be held liable for actions taken by our employees, distributors or third-party promoters,
which could expose us to regulatory investigations and penalties.




100    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Although we have policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply
with anti-bribery laws, there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees
and intermediaries from engaging in bribery activities. Our procedures and controls to monitor anti-bribery and
corruption compliance may fail to protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or
agents. If we, due to either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with applicable
anti-bribery and corruption laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil penalties,
including but not limited to imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, suspension of our ability to do business with
the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from participation in
government healthcare programs, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.


If we or our CROs or CMOs fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could
become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of
our business.


We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment
and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. In addition, our construction projects can only be put into
operation after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant administrative authorities in charge of environmental
protection, health and safety have been completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable
materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products.
We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the
risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of
hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources
or insurance coverage. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.


Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses that we may incur due
to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials, this insurance may not
provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or
toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.


In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or
production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties
or other sanctions.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          101
RISK FACTORS


Our internal information technology systems, or those used by our CROs, CMOs, or other collaborators,
contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of
our product development and commercialization programs.


Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal information technology systems and those of
our CROs, CMOs and other collaborators, contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from internal
or external events, such as computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and
telecommunication and electrical failures, which compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the
systems. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any material system failure or security breach
to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material
disruption of our research, development, manufacturing, gaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates and
commercialization efforts and our business operations.


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property,
and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems
and outsourced vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information
including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information.
Because information systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of our operating activities,
shutdowns or service disruptions at our company or vendors that provide information systems, networks, or
other services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer hacking,
phishing attacks, ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters (including
extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events could cause loss of data, damage to system
and data and leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access important data needed to operate our
business, including conducting research and development, gaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates or
manufacturing and selling our products. Our CROs, CMOs or other collaborators, contractors or consultants may
face similar risks, and service disruptions or security breaches of their systems could adversely affect our security,
leave us without access to important systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information or
expose our confidential data. In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster
recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant events could result in a disruption of
our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of revenues. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance
coverage to compensate for any losses associated with such events.




102    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                  RISK FACTORS


We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our vendors,
including personal information of our employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In
addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce
our personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our
data and/or systems. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience,
threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, business email compromise
attacks, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a
material breach of our information technology systems or those of our vendors occurs, the market perception of
the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could be damaged.
We could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to respond to these threats
or breaches and to repair or replace information systems or networks and could suffer financial loss or the loss
of valuable confidential information. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by
individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and
other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as
unfair or deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these
events from occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance
of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies
change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our
efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As we outsource more of our
information systems to vendors, engage in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely more
on cloud-based information systems, the related security risks will increase and we will need to expend additional
resources to protect our technology and information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that our
internal information technology systems or those of our CROs, CMOs and other collaborators, contractors, or our
consultants’ efforts to implement adequate security and control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against
breakdowns, service disruption, data deterioration or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data
from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a cyberattack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks or insider
threat attacks that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of
critical, proprietary, private, confidential or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in financial, legal, business
or reputational harm to us.


Our failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions
and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.


The regulatory framework for the collection, use, safeguarding, sharing, transfer and other processing of personal
information worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Regulatory
authorities in virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate have implemented and are considering a number of
legislative and regulatory proposals concerning personal data protection.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           103
RISK FACTORS


In the United States, we are subject to laws and regulations that address privacy, personal information protection
and data security at both the federal and state levels. Numerous laws and regulations, including security breach
notification laws, health information privacy laws, and consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use,
disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. Given the variability and evolving
state of these laws, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements, and we may be
unsuccessful in implementing all measures required by regulators or courts in their interpretation.


Regulatory authorities in Europe have implemented and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”),
which became effective in May 2018, imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the
GDPR, such as us, including, but not limited to, requirements relating to having legal bases for processing personal
information, including personal health data, relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information
outside the European Economic Area (including to the United States), providing information to those individuals
regarding the data processing of their personal information, implementing safeguards to keep personal information
secure and confidential, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal information,
acquiring consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, responding to individuals’ requests to
exercise their rights in respect of their personal information, reporting security breaches involving personal data
to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, and recordkeeping. The GDPR
imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area, including
the United States, and also imposes restrictions on cross-border data transfers. The GDPR substantially increases
the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up to €10 million
or up to 2% of our total worldwide annual turnover for certain comparatively minor offenses, or up to €20 million
or up to 4% of our total worldwide annual turnover for more serious offenses. The GDPR also confers a private
right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek
judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. Given the new
law, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements, and we may be unsuccessful in
implementing all measures required by data protection authorities or courts in interpretation of the new law. Despite
our best efforts to comply, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational
harm in connection with our European activities. The GDPR may increase our responsibility and liability in relation
to personal data that we process where such processing is subject to the GDPR, and we may be required to put
in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, including as implemented by individual
countries. National laws of member states of the EU are in the process of being adapted to the requirements under
the GDPR. Because the GDPR specifically gives member states flexibility with respect to certain matters, national
laws may partially deviate from the GDPR and impose different obligations from country to country, leading to
additional complexity and uncertainty. Further, the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the EU, often referred to as
Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the United Kingdom. In particular, it is
unclear how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated now that the United Kingdom has left
the EU.




104       BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


Regulatory authorities in China have implemented and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection. For example, the Cyber Security Law of the PRC (the “Cyber Security Law”),
which became effective in June 2017, created China’s first national-level data protection for “network operators,”
which may include all organizations in China that provide services over the internet or another information network.
Numerous regulations, guidelines and other measures are expected to be adopted under the umbrella of the Cyber
Security Law. Drafts of some of these measures have now been published, including the draft rules on cross-border
transfer of personal information published by the China Cyberspace Administration in 2017 and 2019, which may,
upon enactment, require security review before transferring human health-related data out of China. In addition,
certain industry- specific laws and regulations affect the collection and transfer of personal data in China. For
example, the Regulation on the Administration of Human Genetic Resources promulgated by the State Council (the
“HGR Regulation”), which became effective on July 1, 2019, applies to activities that involve sampling, biobanking,
use of HGR materials and associated data, in China, and provision of such to foreign parties. The HGR Regulation
prohibits both onshore or offshore entities established or actually controlled by foreign entities and individuals
from sampling or biobanking any China HGR in China and require approval for the sampling of certain HGR and
biobanking of all HGR by Chinese parties. Approval for any export or cross- border transfer of the HGR material is
also required. The HGR Regulation also requires that foreign parties should ensure the full participation of Chinese
parties in international collaborations and all records and data must be shared with the Chinese parties. If the
Chinese parties fail to comply with data protection laws, regulations and practice standards, and our research
data is obtained by unauthorized persons, used or disclosed inappropriately or destroyed, it could result in a loss
of our confidential information and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. It is possible that
these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices, potentially resulting
in confiscation of HGR samples and associated data and administrative fines, disgorgement of illegal gains, or
temporary or permanent debarment of our entities and responsible persons from further HGR projects. In addition,
the interpretation and application of data protection laws in China and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux.


We expect that these areas will receive greater attention and focus from regulators going forward and we will
continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with evolving obligations under global data
protection, privacy and security laws will be sufficient. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with
applicable laws and regulations could result in reputational damage or proceedings or actions against us by
governmental entities, individuals or others. These proceedings or actions could subject us to significant civil
or criminal penalties and negative publicity, result in the delayed or halted transfer or confiscation of certain
personal information, require us to change our business practices, increase our costs and materially harm our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our current and future relationships
with customers, vendors, pharmaceutical partners and other third parties could be negatively affected by any
proceedings or actions against us or current or future data protection obligations imposed on them under applicable
law, including the GDPR and Cyber Security Law. In addition, a data breach affecting personal information,
including health information, could result in significant management resources, legal and financial exposure and
reputational damage that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          105
RISK FACTORS


We may be restricted from transferring our scientific data from China abroad.


In March 2018, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Measures for the Management of Scientific
Data (the “Scientific Data Measures”), which provides a broad definition of scientific data and relevant rules for the
management of scientific data in China. According to the Scientific Data Measures, enterprises in China must seek
governmental approval before any scientific data involving a state secret may be transferred abroad or to foreign
parties. Further, any researcher conducting research funded at least in part by the Chinese government is required
to submit relevant scientific data for management by the entity to which such researcher is affiliated before such
data may be published in any foreign academic journal. Given that the term state secret is not clearly defined, if and
to the extent our research and development of drug candidates will be subject to the Scientific Data Measures and
any subsequent laws as required by the relevant government authorities, we cannot assure you that we can always
obtain relevant approvals for sending scientific data (such as the results of our preclinical studies or clinical trials
conducted within China) abroad or to our foreign partners in China. If we are unable to obtain necessary approvals
in a timely manner, or at all, our research and development of drug candidates may be hindered, which may
materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If the relevant
government authorities consider the transmission of our scientific data to be in violation of the requirements under
the Scientific Data Measures, we may be subject to fines and other administrative penalties imposed by those
government authorities.


If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development, production, sales
and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.


We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits, licenses and certificates to develop, produce,
promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors, third-party promoters and third-party
manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, produce, promote, sell and distribute our products may be
subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely may be also subject to regular inspections,
examinations, inquiries or audits by the regulatory authorities, and an adverse outcome of such inspections,
examinations, inquiries or audits may result in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses and
certificates. Moreover, the criteria used in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and
certificates may change from time to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we
rely will be able to meet new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and
certificates. Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates, our ability to
conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing
laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring us or parties on whom we rely to obtain
any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were previously not required to operate our business, there can
be no assurance that we or parties on whom we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.




106    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs
and expenses.


Our operations, and those of our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs, CMOs, suppliers and other
contractors and consultants, could be subject natural or man-made disasters, public health epidemics or other
business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. In addition, we partially rely on our third-party
research institution collaborators for conducting research and development of our drug candidates, and they
may be affected by such business interruptions, government shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of
any of these business interruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our
costs and expenses. We partially rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our drugs and drug
candidates. Our ability to obtain supplies of our drugs and drug candidates could be disrupted if the operations
of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disasters, public health epidemics or other business
interruptions. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our or our vendors’ corporate, development, research
or manufacturing facilities due to fire, natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry,
public health epidemics or other events could cause us to delay or cease development or commercialization of
some or all of our drugs and drug candidates. Although we maintain insurance coverage on these facilities, our
insurance might not cover all losses under such circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by
such delays and interruption. For example, the COVID-19 outbreak could negatively impact our business and our
financial performance. Our clinical development and commercial efforts could be delayed or otherwise negatively
impacted, as patients may be reluctant to go to the hospitals to receive treatment. Additionally, the commercial
or clinical supply of our drugs and drug candidates could be negatively impacted due to reduced operations or a
shutdown of our or our third-party manufacturing facilities, distribution channels and transportation systems, or
shortages of raw materials and drug product.


Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by public health crises and natural
catastrophes or other disasters outside of our control in the locations in which we, our suppliers, CROs, CMOs
and other contractors operate.


Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics,
natural catastrophes, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, or floods, or other disasters such as fires,
explosions and terrorist activity or war that are outside of our control, including government reactions due to such
events. Our business operations and those of our suppliers, CROs, CMOs and other contractors may potentially
suffer interruptions caused by any of these events.


In December 2019, the COVID-19 virus began to impact the population of Wuhan, China and other cities. The
COVID-19 outbreak has caused the Chinese government to implement various temporary measures, including
quarantines of Wuhan and surrounding areas, travel and work restrictions at the national level, and the shutdown
of certain businesses. As a result, our operations in China have and may continue to be impacted by delays in
business activities and commercial transactions, workplace disruptions, and general uncertainties about the
adverse impact on the Chinese economy. We expect that the COVID-19 outbreak will have a negative impact on
our operations globally, including clinical trial recruitment and participation, regulatory interactions and inspections,
and commercial revenue, particularly in the first quarter of 2020 and possibly longer depending on the scope and
duration of the disruption.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           107
RISK FACTORS


Currently, it is unclear if the Chinese government will further extend any of the current restrictions or if further
measures will be put into place. Additionally, the COVID-19 virus has spread to other countries outside of China,
which has caused a broader impact globally, such as restrictions on travel and quarantine policies put into place
by businesses and governments. The potential economic impact brought by and the duration of the COVID-19
outbreak may be difficult to assess or predict, where actual effects will depend on many factors beyond our
control. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our operations remains uncertain, and we are closely
monitoring its impact on us. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected directly, as well
as to the extent that the COVID-19 outbreak or any other epidemic harms the Chinese, United States, and global
economy in general.


Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.


We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our drugs in China and the
United States and the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug candidates globally. For
example, we may be sued if our drugs or drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to
be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims
may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in
the drug, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under applicable
consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain indemnification from our
collaborators for product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization
of our drugs and drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management
resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: decreased demand for our
drugs; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; initiation
of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion of management’s time and our
resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product recalls, withdrawals or labeling,
marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of revenue; exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital
resources; the inability to commercialize any drug or drug candidate; and a decline in our ADS or ordinary share
price.


Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product
liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates. Although we
currently hold product liability coverage which we believe to be sufficient in light of our current products and clinical
programs, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may be unable to maintain such
insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise, or we may not be
able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies may also
have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may
have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations
or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such
amounts. Even if our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.




108      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


We are subject to the risks of doing business globally.


Because we operate in China and other countries outside of the United States, our business is subject to risks
associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our business and financial results could be adversely affected
due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or
economic condition; unexpected changes in laws and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; difficulty of
effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection
in certain countries; enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection
measures or disputes, import or export licensing requirements such as Export Administration Regulations
promulgated by the United States Department of Commerce and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of
export privileges; laws and regulations on foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the
CFIUS and other agencies, including the FIRRMA adopted in August 2018; the effects of applicable local tax
regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences; the impact of public health epidemics on employees, our
operations and the global economy, such as the COVID-19 outbreak impacting China and elsewhere; restrictions on
international travel and commerce; and significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates. For example,
the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU effective on January 31, 2020, commonly referred to as “Brexit,”
may cause increased economic volatility, affecting our operations and business. In addition, on July 27, 2017, the
United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), announced
that it will no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator after
2021, and it is anticipated that LIBOR will be phased out and replaced by 2022. While various replacement
reference rates have been proposed, an alternative reference rate to LIBOR has not yet been widely adopted. As
such, the replacement of LIBOR could have an adverse effect on the market for, or value of, LIBOR-linked financial
instruments.


We manufacture and intend to continue to manufacture ourselves at least a portion of our drug candidates and
our drugs, if approved. Delays in completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities,
or damage to, destruction of or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our development plans
or commercialization efforts.


We currently have manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Guangzhou, and Suzhou, China. These facilities may encounter
unanticipated delays and expenses due to a number of factors, including regulatory requirements. If construction or
expansion, regulatory evaluation and/or approval of our facilities are delayed, we may not be able to manufacture
sufficient quantities of our drugs and drug candidates, which would limit our development and commercialization
activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities
could require us to raise additional funds from other sources.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          109
RISK FACTORS


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,”
our manufacturing facilities will be subject to inspection in connection with clinical development and new drug
approvals and ongoing, periodic inspection by the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to
ensure compliance with GMP and other regulatory requirements. Our failure to follow and document our adherence
to such GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of
products for clinical or commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or
prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our drugs.
We also may encounter problems with the following:


•     achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, NMPA, EMA or other comparable regulatory
      agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yield and costs;


•     shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors; and


•     ongoing compliance with GMP regulations and other requirements of the FDA, NMPA, EMA or other
      comparable regulatory agencies.


Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of
regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal
of approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or drugs, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.


Developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls is required to fully utilize our facilities.
Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete.


To supply commercial quantities for our marketed products, produce our drugs in the quantities that we believe
will be required to meet anticipated market demand, and to supply clinical drug material to support the continued
growth of our clinical programs, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production process by a significant
factor over the initial level of production, which will require substantial additional expenditures and various
regulatory approvals and permits. If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not
economically feasible for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our drugs in a
sufficient quantity to meet future demand.


In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “-Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties,” if
our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly or
inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted loss
of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could
transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since
the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory
agency approval before selling any drugs manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials
or reduce our product sales. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facilities could result
in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. Any disruption that impedes our
ability to manufacture our drug candidates or drugs in a timely manner could materially harm our business, financial
condition and operating results.

110    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property, plant and equipment in amounts
we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to
reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet our requirements for our drug
candidates and drugs if there were a catastrophic event or interruption or failure of our manufacturing facilities or
processes.


Future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.


The nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and national tax laws in jurisdictions
around the world. Our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. Additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification
as a result of both coordinated actions by governments and unilateral measures designed by individual countries,
both intended to tackle concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) and perceived international tax
avoidance techniques. For example, the Cayman Islands has enacted the International Tax Co-operation (Economic
Substance) Law (2020 Revision) (the “Economic Substance Law”), which originally took effect on January 1, 2019,
and which is accompanied by Guidance on Economic Substance for Geographically Mobile Activities (Version
2.0; April 30, 2019) published by the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority. The Economic Substance Law
embraces a global initiative to combat BEPS and demonstrates the continued commitment of the Cayman Islands
to international best practice. The Economic Substance Law provides that relevant entities that existed before
January 1, 2019 and that had been conducting relevant activities by that date must comply with the economic
substance requirements from July 1, 2019, and relevant entities that are established from January 1, 2019 onwards
have to comply with the requirements from the date they commence the relevant activity. Although we believe that
we currently are not required to comply with the economic substance requirements under the Economic Substance
Law, we cannot predict any changes to the legislation or its interpretation in the future. If we are subject to
compliance with the economic substance requirements in the future, our business and results of operations could
be negatively impacted if we are required to make changes to our business in order to gain compliance or if we fail
to comply.


We have received tax rulings from various governments that have jurisdictional authority over our operations. If we
are unable to meet the requirements of such agreements, or if they expire or are renewed on less favorable terms,
the result could negatively impact our future earnings. Additionally, the European Commission has opened formal
investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. While we believe that our
rulings are different than those being discussed, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be predicted and
could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2019   ANNUAL REPORT        111
RISK FACTORS


If we are not able to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s oncology products in China, the
expected benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


We have a Collaboration Agreement with Amgen pursuant to which we and Amgen have agreed to collaborate
on (i) the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO in China, and (ii)
the global development and commercialization in China of 20 Amgen clinical- and late-preclinical-stage pipeline
products. The Amgen transaction involves numerous risks, including unanticipated costs and diversion of our
management’s attention from our other drug discovery and development business. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s oncology products in China, which could
disrupt our business and harm our financial results.


Moreover, we may not achieve the revenue and cost synergies expected from the Amgen transaction. These
synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. If we achieve the expected
benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Also, the synergies from the Amgen
transaction may be offset by increases in other expenses, operating losses or problems in our business unrelated
to the Amgen transaction. As a result, there can be no assurance that such synergies will be achieved.


Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC


The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated, and such regulations are subject to change, which
may affect approval and commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates.


A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is subject to
comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing,
packaging, licensing and marketing of new drugs. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China regarding the
pharmaceutical industry has undergone significant changes, which we expect will continue. While we believe our
strategies regarding pharmaceutical research, development, manufacturing and commercialization in China are
aligned with the Chinese government’s policies, they may in the future diverge, requiring a change in our strategies.
Any such change may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent the
successful research, development, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or drugs in China
and reduce the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing drugs in China.


Chinese authorities have become increasingly vigilant in enforcing laws in the pharmaceutical industry. Any failure
by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations or obtain and maintain required
licenses and permits may result in the suspension or termination of our business activities in China. Reports of
what have come to be viewed as significant quality-control failures by Chinese vaccine manufacturers have led to
enforcement action against officials responsible for implementing national reforms favorable to innovative drugs
(such as ours). While not directly affecting us, this macro-industry event could cause state or private resources to
be diverted away from fostering innovation and be redirected toward regulatory enforcement, which could adversely
affect our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities and increase our compliance
cost.




112     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
United States or other governments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.


Due to our extensive operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects
may be influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in the PRC or changes
in government relations between China and the United States or other governments, such as the ongoing trade
war between the United States and China. China’s economy differs from the economies of developed countries
in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth
rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant
growth over the past four decades, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic
sectors of the PRC. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development
and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may
have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable
to us. In addition, in the past the PRC government implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases,
to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in the PRC,
which may adversely affect our business and results of operation. More generally, if the business environment in the
PRC deteriorates from the perspective of domestic or international investment, or if relations between China and
the United States or other governments deteriorate, our business in the PRC may also be adversely affected.


There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations.


A large portion of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries, and are governed by PRC
laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign
investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law
system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.


In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations
governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly
enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China has not
developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently
cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC
regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and often give the
relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, and because of the limited number of published
decisions and the nonbinding nature of such decisions, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and
regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal system is
based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at
all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and
rules until after the occurrence of the violation.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          113
RISK FACTORS


The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (the “Foreign Investment Law”) and the Implementing Rules to the Foreign
Investment Law of the PRC (the “Implementing Rules”) came into force on January 1, 2020. The Foreign Investment
Law and the Implementing Rules embody an expected regulatory trend to rationalize China’s foreign investment
regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal
requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. The Foreign Investment Law and its Implementing Rules
are drafted at a level of general principle, there is a reasonable possibility that various other new regulations and
legislative changes will be issued to implement the Foreign Investment Law. There are still uncertainties with respect
to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and the Implementing Rules. For example,
the Foreign Investment Law and its Implementing Rules provide that foreign invested entities established according
to the previous laws regulating foreign investment prior to the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law may
maintain their structure and corporate governance within a five-year transition period. It is uncertain whether the
PRC governmental authorities may require us to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our
PRC subsidiaries in such transition period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to meet any of these or
similar regulatory compliance requirements could materially affect our current corporate governance practices and
business operations and our compliance costs may increase significantly.


Additionally, the NMPA’s recent reform of the drug and approval system may face implementation challenges. The
timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates
in a timely manner.


In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in the PRC may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have
significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult
to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than
in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have
entered into and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our employee equity plans and investments in offshore
companies by PRC residents may subject the PRC plan participants and PRC-resident beneficial owners or us
to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.


We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC residents have participated in our
employee equity plans. We are an overseas listed company, and therefore, we and our directors, executive officers
and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less
than one year and who have been granted restricted share units, restricted shares, options or other forms of
equity incentives or rights to acquire equity are subject to the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange
Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Share Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company,
according to which, employees, directors, supervisors and other management members participating in any share
incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing
in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register
with the SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed
company, and complete certain other procedures. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our
ability to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our directors and employees under PRC law.




114    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                RISK FACTORS


Some of our existing shareholders, each of whom owns our ordinary shares as a result of exercising share options,
are PRC residents under the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic
Residents’ Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles (“SAFE
Circular 37”). These shareholders have undertaken to (i) apply to register with local SAFE branch or its delegated
commercial bank as soon as possible after exercising their options, and (ii) indemnify and hold harmless us and
our subsidiaries against any loss suffered arising from their failure to complete the registration. We do not have
control over such shareholders and our other beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC-resident
beneficial owners have complied with, and will in the future comply with, SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent
implementation rules.


If we or our directors, executive officers or other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the
PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted equity awards or other rights
to acquire equity fail to register the employee equity plans or their exercise of options or vesting of equity awards,
or such PRC-resident beneficial owners fails to register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner
pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, we and such employees and PRC-beneficial owners may be subject to (i) legal or
administrative sanctions imposed by the SAFE or other PRC authorities, including fines; (ii) restrictions on our
cross-border investment activities; (iii) limits on the ability of our wholly owned subsidiaries in China to distribute
dividends or the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us; and (iv) prohibitions on
our ability to inject additional capital into these subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign
exchange registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing
applicable foreign exchange restrictions.


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and
financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments
to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.


We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends and other
distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur.
If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC
subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside
at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the
aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed to
us as dividends. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits
based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition,
registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the
amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, these restricted assets
totaled US$109.6 million and US$93.3 million, respectively.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          115
RISK FACTORS


Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use
their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.


In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth
quarter of 2016, China’s People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and the SAFE promulgated a series of capital control
measures, including stricter vetting procedures for domestic companies to remit foreign currency for overseas
investments, dividends payments and shareholder loan repayments.


The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting
process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and
the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of
payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.


The Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) and its implementation rules provide that China-sourced income
of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC resident
enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign investor’s
jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. As a
result, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries are expected to be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
10%.


Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the
Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income (the “Hong Kong
Tax Treaty”), BeiGene HK, the shareholder of some of our PRC subsidiaries, may be subject to a withholding tax
at a rate of 5% on dividends received from our PRC operating subsidiaries as a Hong Kong tax resident. Pursuant
to the Hong Kong Tax Treaty, subject to certain conditions, this reduced withholding tax rate will be available for
dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient can demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the
beneficial owner of the dividends. The SAT promulgated SAT Circular 9 in February 2018, which became effective
from April 2018 and stipulates that in determining whether a non-resident enterprise has the status as a beneficial
owner, comprehensive analysis shall be conducted based on the factors listed therein and the actual circumstances
of the specific case shall be taken into consideration. Specifically, it expressly excludes an agent or a designated
payee from being considered as a “beneficial owner.” BeiGene HK currently does not hold a Hong Kong tax
resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong and there is no assurance that the reduced
withholding tax rate will be available.




116    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we may therefore be
subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.


Under the EIT Law an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies” within the PRC
is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for
PRC enterprise income tax (“EIT”) purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management
bodies” as “management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management and control over the production
and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise. In addition, the Notice Regarding the
Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on
the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies (“Circular 82”) specifies that certain Chinese-controlled offshore
incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws of foreign countries or territories
and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling shareholders, will be classified as
resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior management personnel and
departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii) financial and personnel
decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes of board meetings
and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or directors having voting rights. The
State Administration of Taxation (the “SAT”) has subsequently provided further guidance on the implementation of
Circular 82.


Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of Circular 82, in the
absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in Circular 82 to evaluate
the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC.


We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed
a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any of
our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise.


However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and
uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax
authorities determine that our Cayman Islands holding company is a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income
tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow and we may be subject to enterprise
income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC enterprise income tax reporting
obligations. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs, and any
gain realized from the transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs, may be treated as income derived from sources
within the PRC. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC resident enterprise ADS holders or shareholders may
be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual ADS holders or
shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident enterprises ADS holders or shareholders from the transfer of
our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual
ADS holders or shareholders).




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT         117
RISK FACTORS


We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets
attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.


Pursuant to the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax and Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident
Enterprises (“Bulletin 7”), which was amended by the Announcement on Issues Relating to Withholding at Source
of Income Tax on Non-resident Enterprises issued by SAT (“Announcement 37”), an “indirect transfer” of “PRC
taxable assets,” including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may
be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have
a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise
income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax.
When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to
be taken into consideration include: whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise
derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or
indirect investment in the PRC or if its income mainly derives from the PRC; whether the offshore enterprise and its
subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by
their actual function and risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure;
the replicability of the transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect
transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets
of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to be reported on with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC
establishment or place of business being transferred and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income
tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer relates to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which
is not related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income
tax at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or
similar arrangements. Late payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived
from the sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange are not subject to the PRC enterprise income
tax pursuant to Bulletin 7 where such shares were acquired in a transaction through a public stock exchange. As
such, the sale of the ADSs or ordinary shares on a public stock exchange will not be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax pursuant to Bulletin 7. However, the sale of our ordinary shares or ADSs by a non-PRC resident
enterprise outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax under Bulletin 7.


There are uncertainties as to the application of Bulletin 7. Bulletin 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be
applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are involved.
The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation, while our
PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises and PRC
subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that we and our
non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Bulletin 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal
of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.




118    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based
on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax
authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under Announcement 37, or Bulletin 7, our
income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.


The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases,
the remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability
of foreign currency may then restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our
offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which
includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,”
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries.
Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase
foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in
RMB, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated
in RMB to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of
our ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to
limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities
or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our
subsidiaries.


Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local governments.
Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.


Local governments in the PRC have granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC subsidiaries
as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of
government financial incentives are determined within the sole discretion of the local government authorities and
cannot be predicted with certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have
the ability to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or
eliminate incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a project
basis and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial
incentive agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy
all relevant conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of
the continued availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of
incentives would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Government grant and subsidies recognized
in the income statement for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were US$6.2 million and US$4.4 million,
respectively.




                                                               BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT          119
RISK FACTORS


The audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC is prepared by auditors who are
not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”), and as such, investors
are deprived of the benefits of such inspection.


As an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB,
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP is required under the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by
the PCAOB. However, because we have substantial operations within the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is
currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese government authorities, our auditor
and its audit work is not currently inspected fully by the PCAOB.


Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside the PRC have at times identified deficiencies in
those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection
process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in the PRC
prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor’s audits and its quality control procedures. As a result,
investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections and may lose confidence in our reported financial
information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements.


As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access to audit and other information currently
protected by national law, in particular China’s, in June 2019, a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced bills
in both houses of the U.S. Congress, which if passed, would require the SEC to maintain a list of issuers for
which PCAOB is not able to inspect or investigate an auditor report issued by a foreign public accounting firm.
The proposed Ensuring Quality Information and Transparency for Abroad-Based Listings on our Exchanges
(“EQUITABLE”) Act prescribes increased disclosure requirements for these issuers and, beginning in 2025, the
delisting from U.S. national securities exchanges such as the NASDAQ Global Market of issuers included on the
SEC’s list for three consecutive years. Enactment of this legislation or other efforts to increase U.S. regulatory
access to audit information could cause investor uncertainty for affected issuers, including us, and the market
price of our ADSs and ordinary shares could be adversely affected. It is unclear if this proposed legislation will be
enacted. Furthermore, there has been recent deliberations within the U.S. government regarding potentially limiting
or restricting China-based companies from accessing U.S. capital markets. If any such policies were to materialize,
the resulting legislation, if it were to apply to us, would likely have a material adverse impact on our business and
the price of our ADSs and ordinary shares.




120    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                 RISK FACTORS


Proceedings instituted by the SEC against five PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent
registered public accounting firm, could result in our financial statements being determined to not be in
compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.


In December 2012, the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five accounting firms in China, including
our independent registered public accounting firm, alleging that they had refused to produce audit work papers
and other documents related to certain other PRC-based companies under investigation by the SEC. On January
22, 2014, an initial administrative law decision was issued, censuring these accounting firms and suspending four
of these firms from practicing before the SEC for a period of six months. The decision is neither final nor legally
effective unless and until reviewed and approved by the SEC. On February 12, 2014, four of these PRC-based
accounting firms appealed to the SEC against this decision. In February 2015, each of the four PRC-based
accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of
their ability to practice before the SEC. These firms’ ability to continue to serve all their respective clients is not
affected by the settlement. The settlement requires these firms to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide the
SEC with access to Chinese firms’ audit documents via the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”).
If these firms do not follow these procedures, the SEC could impose penalties such as suspensions, or it could
restart the administrative proceedings. The settlement did not require these firms to admit to any violation of law
and preserves these firms’ legal defenses in the event the administrative proceeding is restarted. In the event that
the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings, depending upon the final outcome, listed companies in the United
States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in
the PRC, which could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, including possible delisting. Moreover, any negative news about the proceedings against
these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding PRC-based, U.S.-listed companies and the market price
of the ADSs and/or ordinary shares may be adversely affected.


If our independent registered public accounting firm was denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice before
the SEC and we were unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion
on our financial statements, our financial statements could be determined not to be in compliance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to deregistration from the SEC,
which would substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of the ADSs in the United States. Moreover,
any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may adversely affect investor confidence in
companies with substantial mainland China-based operations listed in the United States. All these would materially
and adversely affect the market price of the ADSs and substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of
the ADSs in the United States, and the market price of the ordinary shares may be adversely affected.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           121
RISK FACTORS


Risks Related to Our American Depositary Shares and Ordinary Shares


The trading prices of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs can be volatile, which could result in substantial losses
to you.


The trading price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs can be volatile and fluctuate widely in response to a variety
of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the performance and fluctuation of the market prices
of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that have listed their securities in Hong Kong
or the United States may affect the volatility in the price of and trading volumes for our ordinary shares and/or
ADSs. Some of these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performances of these PRC
companies’ securities may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other PRC companies listed in Hong Kong
or the United States and consequently may impact the trading performance of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


In addition to market and industry factors, the price and trading volume for our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may
be highly volatile for specific business reasons, including: announcements of regulatory approval or a complete
response letter, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays in the regulatory
review process; announcements of therapeutic innovations, new products, acquisitions, strategic relationships,
joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; adverse actions taken by regulatory agencies with
respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; any adverse changes to
our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; the results of our testing and clinical trials; the results of our efforts
to acquire or license additional drug candidates; variations in the level of expenses related to our existing drugs
and drug candidates or preclinical, clinical development and commercialization programs; any intellectual property
infringement actions in which we may become involved; announcements concerning our competitors or the
pharmaceutical industry in general; fluctuations in product revenue, sales and marketing expenses and profitability;
manufacture, supply or distribution shortages; variations in our results of operations; announcements about our
results of operations that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our
policy not to give guidance on results of operations; publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties,
including government statistical agencies, that differ from expectations of industry or financial analysts; changes
in financial estimates by securities research analysts; media reports, whether or not true, about our business, our
competitors or our industry; additions to or departures of our management; fluctuations of exchange rates between
the RMB, the U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar; release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our
outstanding ordinary shares or ADSs; sales or perceived potential sales of additional ordinary shares or ADSs by
us, our executive officers and directors or our shareholders; general economic and market conditions and overall
fluctuations in the United States or Hong Kong equity markets; changes in accounting principles; trade disputes or
U.S.-China government relations; and changes or developments in the United States, PRC, EU or global regulatory
environment.


In addition, the stock market, in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual operating performance. Further, the current
volatility in the financial markets and related factors beyond our control may cause the ordinary share and/or ADS
price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly.




122       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


The characteristics of the U.S. capital markets and the Hong Kong capital markets are different.


The NASDAQ and HKEx have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity),
trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As
a result of these differences, the trading prices of our ordinary shares and the ADSs representing them might not
be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances
peculiar to its home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares, and vice
versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong equity markets, the historic market prices
of our ADSs and ordinary shares may not be indicative of the performance of our securities going forward.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.


Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have been subject to an
increased incidence of securities class action litigation, particularly in our industry in recent years. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Future sales of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market could cause the ordinary shares and/or
ADS price to fall.


The price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline as a result of sales of a large number of the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales
may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that
we deem appropriate.


As of February 14, 2020, 1,007,975,711 ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, were outstanding, of which
846,730,482 ordinary shares were held in the form of 65,133,114 ADSs, each representing 13 ordinary shares.


We filed a registration statement with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders on May 26, 2017, registering
299,279,370 ordinary shares in the form of 23,021,490 ADSs to be resold by the selling shareholders identified
therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to time. Furthermore, we have registered or plan
to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may issue in the future under our equity
compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share units and under
our employee share purchase plan. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold,
in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline. We have also granted
certain registration rights with respect to the shares issued to BMS in the event that they are not eligible for sale
under Rule 144. Amgen also has specified registration rights upon expiration of the lock-up.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            123
RISK FACTORS


In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs or other equity or debt securities
convertible into ordinary shares or ADSs in connection with a financing, acquisition, license, litigation settlement,
employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing
shareholders and could cause the ordinary share and/or ADS price to decline.


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of the
ordinary shares and/or ADSs for return on your investment.


We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should
not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs as a source for any future dividend income.


Our Board of Directors has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our Board of
Directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend
on, among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus,
the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual and
regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Accordingly, the return on your
investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of the
ordinary shares and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that the ordinary shares and/or ADSs will appreciate in value or
even maintain the price at which you purchased the ordinary shares and/or ADSs. You may not realize a return on
your investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could
decline.


The trading market for the ordinary shares and ADSs relies in part on the research and reports that equity research
analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research analysts do not maintain
adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades the ordinary shares and/
or ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for the ordinary
shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail
to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the
market price or trading volume for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline significantly.




124    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


We are a Cayman Islands company. Because judicial precedent regarding the rights of shareholders is more
limited under Cayman Islands law than under Hong Kong law or U.S. law, shareholders may have fewer
shareholder rights than they would have under Hong Kong law or U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting
your interests.


We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are
governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be further amended
from time to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands.
This common law is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as
from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on a court in the Cayman Islands. The
rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as
clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong Kong and
the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities law than Hong Kong or
the United States. In addition, some states in the United States, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and
judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands.


In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders of these
companies with the exception that the shareholders may request a copy of the current amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated articles of
association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by
our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult
for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit
proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman Islands company, we may not
have standing to initiate a derivative action in a Hong Kong or U.S. federal court. As a result, you may be limited
in your ability to protect your interests if you are harmed in a manner that would otherwise enable you to sue in
a United States federal court. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to
initiate a shareholder derivative action in Hong Kong or U.S. federal courts.


Some of our directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the United States and a substantial
portion of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or
impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these individuals in Hong Kong or in the United States in
the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the United
States or otherwise. To the extent our directors and executive officers reside outside China or their assets are
located outside China, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or our management
inside China. Even if you are successful in bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may
render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is
no statutory recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong or China,
although the courts of the Cayman Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT        125
RISK FACTORS


As a result of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests in the face of
actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as
public shareholders of a Hong Kong company or a U.S. company.


Your voting rights as a holder of the ADSs are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary for
the ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying your ADSs if you do not vote
at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect your interests.


You may exercise your voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs only in accordance
with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from you in the manner set forth
in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor to vote your underlying ordinary shares in
accordance with these instructions. Under our articles of association, the minimum notice period required for
convening an annual general meeting is twenty-one calendar days and the minimum notice period required for
convening an extraordinary general meeting is fourteen calendar days. When a general meeting is convened, you
may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit you to withdraw your ordinary shares to
allow you to cast your vote with respect to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary and its
agents may not be able to send voting instructions to you or carry out your voting instructions in a timely manner.
We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to you in a timely manner, but
you may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote your shares.
Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to
vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, you may not be able to
exercise your right to vote and you may lack recourse if your ordinary shares are not voted as you requested.


Under the deposit agreement, for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary
shares underlying your ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if you do not give voting instructions to the depositary,
unless:


•     we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related voting materials;


•     we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


•     we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
      meeting; or


•     a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders.




126       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              RISK FACTORS


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if you fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, you cannot
prevent the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above, and it
may make it more difficult for you to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to
this discretionary proxy.


Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which
could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association include provisions that could limit the
ability of others to acquire control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage
in change-of-control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an
opportunity to sell their shares, at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from
seeking to obtain control in a tender offer or similar transaction.


For example, our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue preferred
shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated to
delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our Board of
Directors authorizes the issuance of preferred shares, the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall
and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely
affected.


Furthermore, the amended and restated articles of association permit the directors to vary all or any of the rights
attaching to any class of shares in issue without the consent of the shareholder but only if such variation is
considered by the directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such holder. The directors cannot vary the
rights of shares if such variation would have a material adverse effect of the holder. The amended and restated
articles of association provide that the holders must consent to any such material adverse changes in the manner
set out therein.


Because our directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each, shareholders can
only elect or remove a limited number of our directors in any given year. The length of these terms could present
an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control, which could be in the interest of our
shareholders.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT         127
RISK FACTORS


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association designate courts in the Cayman Islands
as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our
shareholders, which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us
or our directors, officers or other employees.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of Cayman Islands will be the sole and exclusive forum for any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any director, officer or other employee of us to us or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time, or the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or any action asserting a claim governed by the
internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the U.S. laws). This provision may limit a shareholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more
of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
matters in other jurisdictions.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any shareholder bringing an
unsuccessful action against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection
with such unsuccessful action.


Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under certain circumstances
the fees, costs, and expenses that we incur in connection with actions or proceedings brought by any person or
entity, which we refer to as claiming parties, may be shifted to such person or entity. If a claiming party asserts
any claim; initiates any proceeding; or joins, offers substantial assistance to, or has a direct financial interest in any
claim or proceeding against us, and such claiming party or the third party that received substantial assistance from
the claiming party or in whole claim the claiming party had a direct financial interest is unsuccessful in obtaining
a judgment on the merits in which the claiming party prevails, then such claiming party shall (to the fullest extent
permitted by law) be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to all
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses, that we may incur in connection with such claim or
proceeding.


Fee-shifting articles are relatively new and untested in the Cayman Islands, the United States and Hong Kong.
The case law and potential legislative action on fee-shifting articles are evolving and there exists considerable
uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative responses to, such articles. The application
of our fee-shifting article in connection with claims under the Cayman Islands, the United States or Hong Kong
securities laws, if any, will depend in part on future developments of the law. We cannot assure you that we will or
will not invoke our fee-shifting article in any particular dispute. Consistent with our directors’ fiduciary duties to act
in the best interests of the Company, the directors may in their sole discretion from time to time decide whether
or not to enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the law related to fee-shifting articles, such
as ours, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with respect to such articles,
which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.




128     BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


If a shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment sought, the attorneys’
fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party may be significant. This fee-shifting
article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or former shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating
lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by potential
plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent our shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from representing
our shareholders at all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the management and
direction of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.


Holders of the ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.


Your ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time
or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may
refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of your ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary
are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law,
government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, as amended, or for any other
reason, subject to your right to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares. Temporary delays in
the cancellation of your ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying common shares may arise because the depositary
has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books, the transfer of ordinary shares is blocked to
permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares.


In addition, you may not be able to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares when you owe
money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with
any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or other deposited
securities.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including annual service
fees. Dealings in the ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty.


The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for the issuance
of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions
of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary into The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), the fees will be charged by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable
beneficial owner in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.
Additionally, dealings in the ordinary shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject to
Hong Kong stamp duty.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.       •      2019   ANNUAL REPORT    129
RISK FACTORS


Holders of the ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available to you.


The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to pay you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian
for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses.
You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that your ADSs represent.
However, the depositary is not responsible for making such payments or distributions if it is unlawful or impractical
to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to
a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”), but that are not properly registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable exemption from
registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if any
government approval or registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made
by the depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs, ordinary
shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that you may not receive the distributions we
make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you.
These restrictions may materially reduce the value of your ADSs.


Holders of the ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience dilution of their
holdings.


From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities. Under the
deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the distribution and sale
of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from registration under the Securities
Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not
required to, attempt to sell these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be
unable to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have a registration statement
declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution of their holdings as a result.


Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our directors, executive officers and other principal
shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters, which may reduce the price
of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs and deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your ordinary
shares and/or ADSs.


Our directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 68% of our
outstanding ordinary shares as of February 14, 2020. These shareholders, if acting together, could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares and/or
ADSs. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition, these persons
could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.




130    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                               RISK FACTORS


We may be a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years, which may have adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders.


A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (“PFIC”) for any taxable year
if either (1) 75% or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (2) 50% or more of the
average quarterly value of its assets during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.
Based upon the current and expected composition of our income and assets, we do not presently expect to be a
PFIC for the current taxable year. Nevertheless, because our PFIC status must be determined annually with respect
to each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of our assets and income, and the value of
our assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to the market value of our ADSs and ordinary shares,
which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, we may be a PFIC in any taxable year. If we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of being a PFIC may substantially increase.
Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination
made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the
current taxable year or any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service may
challenge our classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in our being or becoming
a PFIC in the current or subsequent years. Further, U.S. investors should be aware that we determined we were a
PFIC for 2016.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during a U.S. shareholder’s holding period of the ordinary shares or ADSs,
then such U.S. shareholder may incur significantly increased United States income tax on gain recognized on the
sale or other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and on the receipt of distributions on the ordinary shares or
ADSs to the extent such distribution is treated as an “excess distribution” under the United States federal income
tax rules. In addition, such holders may be subject to burdensome reporting requirements.


Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. shareholder holds our ordinary shares
or ADSs, we will generally continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S.
shareholder holds such ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. shareholder should consult its tax advisor regarding
the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the
ordinary shares and ADSs.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          131
RISK FACTORS


If you are a “Ten Percent Shareholder,” you may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences if
we are classified as a Controlled Foreign Corporation.


Each “Ten Percent Shareholder” (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a “controlled
foreign corporation,” or a CFC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes is generally required to include in income
for U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s “Subpart F income”
and investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Each
Ten Percent Shareholder is also required to include in gross income its “global intangible low-taxed income,”
which is determined by reference to the income of CFCs of which such Ten Percent Shareholder is a Ten Percent
Shareholder. Ten Percent Shareholders that are corporations may be entitled to a deduction equal to the foreign
portion of any dividend when a dividend is paid. A non-U.S. corporation will generally be classified as a CFC for
U.S federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the
total value of the stock of such corporation. A “Ten Percent Shareholder” is a U.S. person (as defined by the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), who owns or is considered to own 10% or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation or 10% of the value of all classes of stock of such
corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which
is not entirely certain. Although we believe we are not a CFC now, we may become one or own interests in one in
the future. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to our potential CFC status and the
consequences thereof.




132    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                      2015             2016             2017             2018             2019
                                                 USD’ 000         USD’ 000         USD’ 000         USD’ 000         USD’ 000


Operating results
Product revenue, net                                      –                –          24,428         130,885           222,596
Collaboration revenue                                8,816            1,070         213,959            67,335          205,616
Total revenues                                       8,816            1,070         238,387          198,220           428,212
Gross profit                                         8,816            1,070         233,413          169,515           357,022
Loss before income tax expense                      57,102         119,163            91,064         689,829           943,586
Net Loss                                            57,102         119,217            93,299         674,033           950,578
Adjusted net loss (1)                               46,891         108,592            50,436         586,906           816,424
Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.              57,102         119,217            93,105         673,769           948,628
Profitability
Gross margin (%)                                     100%             100%              98%              86%              83%
Net profit margin (%)                               -648%        -11,142%              -39%            -340%            -222%
Adjusted net profit margin (%) (1)                  -532%        -10,149%              -21%            -296%            -191%

                                                                            As at December 31,
                                                      2015             2016             2017             2018             2019
                                                 USD’ 000         USD’ 000         USD’ 000         USD’ 000         USD’ 000


Financial position
Cash, cash equivalents,
      and restricted cash                          17,869           87,514          239,602          740,713          620,775
Short-term investments                             82,617          280,660          597,914        1,068,509          364,728
Working capital                                    71,097          339,341          763,509        1,697,390          862,384
Total assets                                      116,764          405,813        1,046,479        2,249,684        1,612,289
Total liabilities                                  42,445           52,906          362,248          496,037          633,934
Preferred shares                                  176,084                  –                –                 –                –
Noncontrolling interests                                  –                –         14,422            14,445           16,150
Total equity (deficit)                           (101,765)         352,907          684,231        1,753,647          978,355

(1)      The share-based compensation expenses were excluded.


(2)      Financial results and financial position for the relevant periods are prepared based on Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
         were filed with SEC.




                                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            133
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OVERVIEW


We are a global commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative
molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology cancer therapeutics. We started as a research and development
company in Beijing in 2010. Over the last ten years, we have developed into a fully-integrated global biotechnology
company, with significant commercial, manufacturing, and research and development capabilities.


We have built substantial commercial capabilities in China and the United States, and are currently marketing two
internally-developed drugs and three in-licensed drugs. We also anticipate introducing five more in-licensed drugs
into the China market in the next one to two years. In the United States, we market BRUKINSATM (zanubrutinib)
for adult patients with MCL who have received at least one prior therapy, and in China, we market tislelizumab
for patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies. In April 2020, tislelizumab received second
indication approval from the NMPA as a treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC with PD-
L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within
12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. We have filed three
additional sNDAs for regulatory approvals in China and are planning for launches in these additional indications
in 2020. Our in-licensed portfolio includes ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA, which we have been marketing in
China since 2017 under a license from BMS. We plan on launching additional in-licensed products in China from
our collaborations, including XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO from Amgen and SYLVANT and QARZIBA, from
EUSA.


We have built deep clinical development capabilities, including a more than 1,100-person global clinical
development team that is running over 60 ongoing or planned clinical trials that have enrolled over 7,500 patients
and healthy subjects. We are conducting late-stage clinical trials of BRUKINSA and tislelizumab, including 26
registration or registration-enabling trials in 15 discrete cancer indications. Our internal research capabilities have
yielded another late-stage asset, pamiparib, and five other internally-developed drug candidates are currently in
early-stage clinical development. In addition, we have been able to leverage our capabilities and China’s rising
importance as a clinical science center to expand our clinical and pre-clinical portfolio with in-licensed drug
candidates. We are also working with high-quality CMOs to manufacture our internally-developed commercial and
clinical products in China and globally and have built state-of-the-art small molecule and biologic manufacturing
facilities in China to support the launches and potential future demand of our internally-developed products.


Based on the strength of our China-inclusive global development and commercial capabilities, we have entered into
collaborations with leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to develop and commercialize innovative
medicines in China and the Asia-Pacific region. In October 2019, we entered into a strategic collaboration with
Amgen pursuant to which we have agreed to collaborate on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products
XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO in China, and the global development and future commercialization in China
of up to 20 of Amgen’s clinical- and late pre-clinical-stage pipeline products, including AMG 510, Amgen’s
first-in-class investigational KRAS G12C inhibitor.




134     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RECENT DEVELOPMENTS


Recent Business Developments


On April 10, 2020, we announced that our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab received approval from the NMPA
as a treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC with PD-L1 high expression whose disease
progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant
treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. Following tislelizumab’s initial approval in classical Hodgkin’s
lymphoma (cHL) by the NMPA in December 2019, this is the second indication approved for tislelizumab, and the
first in a solid tumor indication. The sNDA was previously granted priority review by the CDE of the NMPA.


On March 25, 2020, we announced that on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use
of ABRAXANE in China supplied to BeiGene by Celgene Corporation, a Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) company.
This suspension is based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States.
Following additional meetings with the health authorities, Celgene has initiated a voluntary recall of all existing stock
of ABRAXANE in mainland China. As a result, BeiGene expects a disruption in ABRAXANE supply in China and is
working closely with BMS to restore supply as soon as possible, including through BMS’s remediation efforts at the
current manufacturing site and application to qualify an alternative manufacturing site for China supply. On March
25, 2020, the China National Healthcare Security Administration removed ABRAXANE from the volume-based
procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision to suspend the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE.


On March 17, 2020, in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares under the Company’s equity
incentive plans, we and Amgen entered into a further amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement (the “Second
Amendment”). Pursuant to the Second Amendment, Amgen will have an option (the “Direct Purchase Option”)
to subscribe for additional shares (the “Additional Shares”) in an amount necessary to enable it to increase (and
subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s outstanding share capital. The Direct
Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s interest in the outstanding share capital of the
Company at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The aggregate number of Additional Shares shall not exceed
75,000,000 ordinary shares during the term of the Direct Purchase Option. The purchase price for the Additional Shares
will be the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s ADSs for the 90 days preceding the last trading day of the
prior month. The Second Amendment and the issuance of Additional Shares thereunder are subject to approval by a
majority vote of the Company’s shareholders, excluding Amgen, pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, at an extraordinary
general meeting of the shareholders to be held on May 14, 2020.


On January 13, 2020, we entered into an exclusive development and commercialization agreement for the orphan
biologic products SYLVANT and QARZIBA in Greater China with EUSA. Under the terms of the agreement, EUSA has
granted us exclusive rights to SYLVANT in Greater China and to QARZIBA in mainland China. Under the agreement,
we have agreed to fund and undertake all clinical development and regulatory submissions in the territories, and plan
to launch and commercialize both products once approved. EUSA received a US$40 million upfront payment and will
be eligible to receive payments upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of US$160
million. EUSA will also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on future product sales.




                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT     135
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On January 2, 2020, following approval by our shareholders and satisfaction of other closing conditions, we
announced the closing of the sale of 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of the Company,
representing approximately 20.5% of the Company’s outstanding shares capital, to Amgen for aggregate gross
proceeds of approximately US$2.78 billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS, pursuant to
the Share Purchase Agreement. Concurrent with the closing of the share issuance and following the approval by a
majority vote of the Company’s shareholders and the expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods under
all applicable antitrust laws, the Amgen Collaboration Agreement became effective as of January 2, 2020.


On December 27, 2019, we announced that our anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab received approval from the NMPA
as a treatment for patients with cHL who have received at least two prior therapies. The new drug application (“NDA”)
was previously granted priority review by the NMPA.


On December 22, 2019, we announced that the NMPA accepted a sNDA for REVLIMID, in combination with
rituximab, for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory indolent lymphoma (follicular lymphoma or
marginal zone lymphoma).


On November 14, 2019, we announced that BRUKINSA received accelerated approval from the United States
Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) as a treatment for MCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior
therapy.


Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)


We expect that the worldwide health crisis of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) will have a negative impact on
our operations globally, including clinical trial recruitment and participation, regulatory interactions and inspections,
and commercial revenue, particularly in the first quarter of 2020 and possibly longer depending on the scope and
duration of the disruption. We continue to execute on our clinical development, regulatory and commercialization
goals and are working to minimize delays and disruptions.


Recent Regulatory Developments


On March 30, 2020, the NMPA issued the Measures for the Administration and Supervision of Drug Manufacturing
(the “Drug Manufacturing Measures”) and the Measures for the Administration of Drug Registration (the “Drug
Registration Measures”), both of which will become effective from July 1, 2020. These measures reflect the changes
adopted by the newly amended Drug Administration Law of PRC (the “DAL”) by further detailing the relevant
requirements. For example, despite the cancellation of the GMP certification requirement, the Drug Manufacturing
Measures continue to emphasize the GMP rules as the fundamental standards for drug manufacturing. The Drug
Registration Measures clarify the review and approval procedures and provide detailed requirements for four
expedited approval mechanisms, namely, the breakthrough therapy process, conditional approval process, priority
review process, and special approval process. These measures also reflect the enhancement of administrative
penalties on violations.


We will closely monitor the implementation of the DAL, the Drug Registration Measures and the Drug Manufacturing
Measures and carefully review our operations in China.




136    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE AND OUTLOOK


Our mission is to become a global leader in the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative
medicines for the treatment of cancer. Key elements of our strategy are as follows:


•    Realize Two Large Commercial Opportunities with BRUKINSA (zanubrutinib) and tislelizumab. Zanubrutinib
     is a wholly-owned, potentially best-in-class small molecule inhibitor of BTK for B-cell malignancies. We believe
     zanubrutinib may have efficacy and safety advantages compared to the other approved BTK therapies based
     on its ability to achieve full BTK occupancy and minimize off-target binding. There is a large global commercial
     opportunity for BTK inhibitors, with global revenues totaling approximately US$5.8 billion in 2019 according to
     published reports. We believe that our clinical experience to date in over 2,500 patients, along with our broad
     clinical development plan, position us to capitalize on this commercial opportunity. In November 2019, we
     received accelerated approval for BRUKINSA from the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with MCL who
     have received at least one prior therapy. We have built a commercial team in the United States and launched
     BRUKINSA in late 2019. In addition, we have submitted two sNDA in China for zanubrutinib for the treatment
     of patients with R/R MCL and patients with R/R CLL or small SLL. Both applications are being reviewed
     under priority review status. We are conducting a broad clinical program for zanubrutinib, with near-term data
     readouts expected, both as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies.


     Our most recently approved drug is tislelizumab, a wholly-owned antibody against the immune checkpoint
     receptor PD-1 that was designed to minimize FcγR, which is believed to play an essential role in activating
     phagocytosis in macrophages, to minimize its negative impact on T effector cells. We received approval from
     NMPA in December 2019 to market tislelizumab for the treatment of patients with cHL who have received
     at least two prior therapies, and we launched tislelizumab in China in March 2020. In addition, in April 2020,
     we received approval for tislelizumab from the NMPA for the treatment of patients with locally advanced
     or metastatic UC with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-
     containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing
     chemotherapy. This is the second indication approved for tislelizumab, and the first in a solid tumor indication.
     We believe that there is a large and growing opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China and the
     market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1 antibody therapies may be especially attractive, as this class of agents
     has demonstrated anti-tumor activity in all four of the most common tumors in China: lung cancer, GC, liver
     cancer and EC. According to published reports, China has a higher proportion of PD-1 responsive tumors
     in its total annual cancer incidence in comparison to other geographies like the U.S. and Europe. According
     to a published study (Chen et al., Cancer Statistics in China, 2015, CA: Cancer J. Clin. 2016; 66(2):115-32),
     which we refer to as Chen et al. 2016, the annual incidence of the top ten PD-1 responsive tumors in China is
     estimated to be 3.0 million out of 4.3 million in total annual cancer incidence. We believe that we are uniquely
     positioned to capture this opportunity with our strong presence and experience in China, our global clinical
     development capabilities, the breadth of our development plan, which has enrolled more than 5,000 patients
     to date, including 15 registration or potentially registration-enabling trials, and high-quality manufacturing.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT              137
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Utilize Our Key Strategic Clinical and Commercial Capabilities. We believe that recent changes in the
      regulatory environment in China have led to an unprecedented opportunity in our industry. Historically, the
      regulatory environment in China was considered highly challenging, with clinical development delays and
      regulatory approvals taking much longer than in the United States and the EU. To address these challenges,
      the NMPA issued a series of reform policies and opinions, which, among other things, has expanded access
      to clinical patients and created an opportunity to expedite drug development and approval by removing
      delays and creating an environment with international quality standards for drug development, manufacturing
      and commercialization in China. These regulatory reforms allow clinical trials in China to play a major role
      in global drug development programs, with the data generated in China used to support approvals outside
      of China. However, challenges to benefit from these reforms remain, including limited CRO capability, a
      limited talent pool and clinical data and trial management challenges. Our strategy has been to aggressively
      build our clinical development and commercial capabilities in China to take advantage of these changes and
      mitigate the challenges with accessing China as a clinical science center. Our global oncology development
      team is made up of more than 1,100 employees, approximately 60% of whom are in China. We are
      dedicated to performing studies that conform to the highest global International Council for Harmonisation
      (“ICH”) standards. We have initiated 12 global, China-inclusive pivotal studies and 26 pivotal or potentially
      registration-enabling studies. We have over 60 ongoing or planned trials and have enrolled over 7,500 patients
      and healthy subjects in our clinical trials. From a commercial perspective, our strategy in China is to seek
      broader access to patients in need of innovative medicines through national reimbursement. This strategy
      requires a large commercial organization. We have increased our commercial capability from just over 150
      people when we acquired the commercial operations of Celgene (now part of BMS) in China in 2017 to over
      900 people as of the end of 2019. We believe that we are well-positioned to launch our current and future
      pipeline of internally-developed and in-licensed drugs in China and take advantage of the opportunity of
      improved national reimbursement.


•     Expand Our Portfolio by Leveraging Our Clinical and Commercial Capabilities. As many leading
      pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies evaluate opportunities in China, we believe that collaborating
      with us could allow these companies to efficiently and effectively access deep local clinical development,
      commercial and manufacturing capabilities at global quality standards. For example, we have leveraged
      our unique China-inclusive development and commercial capabilities to expand our portfolio through our
      collaboration with Amgen. In addition, we have entered into over 10 transactions since 2017 in which we have
      added innovative preclinical, clinical and/or commercial-stage drugs and drug candidates to our portfolio.
      Our strategy is to continue to aggressively evaluate licensing opportunities to add to our pipeline of drugs and
      drug candidates.




138    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•    Pursue a New Model for Global Growth. We believe that the large addressable patient population and the
     expansion of reimbursement of innovative medicines in China can support a new business model for growth
     in our industry by allowing R&D investment for these drugs to be leveraged over a significantly larger patient
     pool, which can enable broader access worldwide with more affordable pricing as compared to the traditional
     priority market model. This global access and pricing model will allow us to leverage our strong clinical
     and commercial capabilities in China and globally. It also provides an opportunity to obtain return on the
     investments made to develop our portfolio of drug candidates. We evaluate worldwide markets by researching
     the opportunities, start-up risks and costs, and our capabilities. Subsequently, we design targeted market
     entrance strategies and plan to pursue these global markets in a staged manner based on investment and
     return analyses. We plan to seek approvals of our portfolio compounds globally in order for us to capitalize on
     these opportunities.


EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING


Our Company held an extraordinary general meeting on December 27, 2019. The purpose of the meeting was to
consider the following:


1.   Ordinary resolution: within the parameters of Rule 13.36 of the HK Listing Rules, to approve the issuance of
     206,635,013 ordinary shares of the Company, or approximately 20.5% of the Company’s outstanding shares
     upon closing, at a price per share equal to US$13.45, to Amgen, pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase
     Agreement, as amended by and between the Company and Amgen, as described in our circular dated
     November 29, 2019, as supplemented by a circular supplement dated December 6, 2019 (the “Circular”);


2.   Ordinary resolution: to approve the Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019 by and among the
     Company, BeiGene Switzerland GmbH and Amgen and the transactions contemplated thereunder;


3.   Ordinary resolution: to approve the annual caps in relation to the Collaboration Agreement; and


4.   Ordinary resolution: to elect Anthony C. Hooper to serve as a Class III director until the 2022 annual general
     meeting of shareholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to his earlier resignation
     or removal, subject to and effective upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Share Purchase
     Agreement and the Collaboration Agreement.


All the resolutions set out above were duly passed by way of poll. Full text of each of the resolutions is set out in the
Circular and the poll results for the resolutions are set out in our announcement dated December 30, 2019.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           139
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW


Components of Operating Results


Revenue

We began generating product revenue in September 2017 through our in-license agreement with BMS to
distribute the approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA in China. Following FDA approval on
November 14, 2019, we launched our first internally developed drug, BRUKINSA, in the United States. Revenues
from product sales are recognized when there is a transfer of control from the Company to the customer. The
Company determines transfer of control based on when the product is delivered, and title passes to the customer.
Revenues from product sales are recognized net of variable consideration resulting from rebates, chargebacks,
trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other incentives. Provisions for estimated reductions
to revenue are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded and are based on contractual terms,
historical experience and trend analysis. We expect revenue from product sales to increase in 2020 as we launch
our internally developed drugs, BRUKINSA and tislelizumab, and launch additional in-licensed products from our
collaborations with Amgen and EUSA and continue to expand our efforts to promote our existing commercial
products.


In January 2020, we were notified that our tender offer for ABRAXANE was one of the winning tenders in China’s
centralized procurement process, with a reduction from the current pricing, which was planned to take effect in
the second quarter of 2020. We had anticipated that demand for ABRAXANE would increase significantly once it is
included in the centralized procurement process, although at a significantly lower price than we have been charging
during 2019 and into 2020, which could have a material impact on our commercialization efforts and results of
operations. However, on March 25, 2020, the NMPA suspended the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in
China supplied to the Company by Celgene, a BMS company. This suspension is based on inspection findings at
BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States. Following additional meetings with the health authorities,
Celgene has initiated a voluntary recall of all existing stock of ABRAXANE in mainland China. As a result, we
expect a disruption in ABRAXANE supply in China and are working closely with BMS to restore supply as soon as
possible, including through BMS’s remediation efforts at the current manufacturing site and application to qualify
an alternative manufacturing site for China supply. Additionally, on March 25, 2020, the China National Healthcare
Security Administration removed ABRAXANE from the volume-based procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision
to suspend the importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE.




140    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


To date, we have also recorded revenue from our 2017 collaboration and license agreement with BMS for
tislelizumab, which was terminated in June 2019. Under this agreement, we received an upfront payment related
to the license fee, which was recognized upon the delivery of the license right. Additionally, the portion of the
upfront payment related to the reimbursement of undelivered research and development services was deferred
and recognized over the performance period of the collaboration arrangement. We recognized the remainder of the
deferred research and development services revenue balance upon termination of the collaboration agreement. We
also received research and development reimbursement revenue for the basket study trials that BMS opted into
through the termination of the collaboration agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the termination agreement, we
received a one-time payment of US$150 million in June 2019. The entire payment was recognized in the period the
termination occurred, as we had no further performance obligations under the collaboration. We also recognized
revenue for upfront license fees and milestone payments from a prior collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt Germany during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.


Expenses

Cost of Sales


Cost of sales includes the acquisition costs of our commercial products that have been sold during the period. To
date, cost of sales has consisted of the cost of products purchased from BMS and distributed in China. Costs to
manufacture inventory in preparation for commercial launch of a product incurred prior to regulatory approval are
expensed to research and development expense as incurred. Cost of sales for newly launched products will not be
recorded until the initial pre-launch inventory is depleted and additional inventory is manufactured.


Research and Development Expenses


Research and development expenses consist of the costs associated with our research and development activities,
conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials and activities related to regulatory filings. Our research and
development expenses consist of:


•    expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, contract manufacturing
     organizations, and consultants that conduct and support our clinical trials and preclinical studies;


•    costs of comparator drugs in certain of our clinical trials;


•    manufacturing costs related to pre-commercial activities;


•    costs associated with preclinical activities and development activities;


•    costs associated with regulatory operations;


•    employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and share-based compensation expense for
     research and development personnel;




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT     141
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     in-process research and development costs expensed as part of collaboration agreements entered into; and


•     other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance
      and other supplies used in research and development activities.


Our current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement of our internally-developed
drug candidates:


•     zanubrutinib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK;


•     tislelizumab, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1;


•     pamiparib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2;


•     lifirafenib, a novel small molecule inhibitor of both the monomer and dimer forms of BRAF;


•     BGB-A333, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-L1;


•     BGB-A425, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3;


•     BGB-A1217, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIGIT; and


•     BGB-11417, an investigational small molecular inhibitor of Bcl-2.


Research and development activities also include costs associated with in-licensed drug candidates, including:


•     sitravatinib, an investigational, spectrum-selective kinase inhibitor in clinical development by Mirati
      Therapeutics, Inc. (“Mirati”);


•     ZW25 and ZW49, two bispecific antibody-based product candidates targeting HER2, under development by
      Zymeworks Inc.; and


•     BA3071, an investigational CAB-CTLA-4 antibody, under development by BioAtla LLC.


We expense research and development costs when we incur them. We record costs for certain development
activities, such as clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data
such as subject enrollment, clinical site activations or information our vendors provide to us. We expense the
manufacturing costs of our internally-developed products that are used in clinical trials as they are incurred, as
research and development expense. We do not allocate employee-related costs, depreciation, rental and other
indirect costs to specific research and development programs because these costs are deployed across multiple
product programs under research and development and, as such, are separately classified as unallocated research
and development expenses.




142    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


At this time, it is difficult to estimate or know for certain, the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that
will be necessary to complete the development of our internally-discovered drugs and drug candidates. We are
also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales of our drugs and drug
candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing such drugs and drug
candidates, including the uncertainty of:


•    successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials;


•    establishing an appropriate safety profile;


•    establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;


•    receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;


•    successfully launching and commercializing our drugs and drug candidates, if and when approved, whether
     as monotherapies or in combination with our internally discovered drug candidates or third-party products;


•    obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our drugs and drug
     candidates;


•    continued acceptable safety profiles of the products following approval;


•    competition from competing products; and


•    retention of key personnel.


A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our drug candidates
would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the development of that drug candidate.


Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect research and development
costs to increase significantly for the foreseeable future as our development programs progress, as we continue to
support the clinical trials of our drugs and drug candidates as treatments for various cancers and as we move these
drugs and drug candidates into additional clinical trials, including potential pivotal trials. There are numerous factors
associated with the successful commercialization of any of our drugs and drug candidates, including future trial
design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based
on our stage of development. Additionally, future commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control may impact
our clinical development and commercial programs and plans.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           143
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cautionary Statement required by Rule 18A.08(3) of the HK Listing Rules: We may not be able to ultimately
develop and market pamiparib successfully.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses


Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of product promotion costs, distribution costs,
salaries and related benefit costs, including share-based compensation for selling, general and administrative
personnel. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting,
auditing and tax services as well as other direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities,
travel costs, insurance and other supplies used in selling, general and administrative activities. We anticipate
that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods to support planned increases
in commercialization activities with respect to ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, VIDAZA and tislelizumab in China and
BRUKINSA in the United States and the preparation for launch and potential commercialization of our in-licensed
products from our collaborations with Amgen and EUSA and internally-discovered drugs and drug candidates, if
approved. We also expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods to support our
research and development efforts, including the continuation of the clinical trials of our drugs and drug candidates
as treatments for various cancers and the initiation of clinical trials for potential new indications or drug candidates.
These cost increases will likely be due to increased promotional costs, increased headcount, increased share-based
compensation expenses, expanded infrastructure and increased costs for insurance. We also anticipate increased
legal, compliance, accounting, insurance and investor and public relations expenses associated with being a public
company with our ADSs and ordinary shares listed for trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market and the HKEx,
respectively.


Interest Income (Expense), Net


Interest Income


Interest income consists primarily of interest generated from our cash and short-term investments in money market
funds, time deposits, U.S. treasury securities and U.S. agency securities.


Interest Expense


Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our long-term bank loans and shareholder loan.


Other Income (Expense), Net


Other income consists primarily of government grants and subsidies received that involve no conditions or
continuing performance obligations by us, realized and unrealized gains and losses related to foreign currency
exchange rates and gains on the sale of investments.




144    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018


The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                          Year Ended December 31,               Changes
                                                                2019           2018                           %
                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


Product revenue, net                                         222,596       130,885          91,711          70%
Collaboration revenue                                        205,616         67,335        138,281         205%


Total revenues                                               428,212       198,220         229,992         116%
Expenses
Cost of sales – product                                       (71,190)      (28,705)        (42,485)       148%
Research and development                                    (927,338)      (679,005)      (248,333)         37%
Selling, general and administrative                         (388,249)      (195,385)      (192,864)         99%
Amortization of intangible assets                              (1,326)           (894)         (432)        48%


Total expenses                                             (1,388,103)     (903,989)      (484,114)         54%


Loss from operations                                        (959,891)      (705,769)      (254,122)         36%
Interest income (expense), net                                 9,131         13,947          (4,816)       (35)%
Other income, net                                              7,174          1,993          5,181         260%


Loss before income tax expense                              (943,586)      (689,829)      (253,757)         37%
Income tax (expense) benefit                                   (6,992)       15,796         (22,788)      (144)%


Net loss                                                    (950,578)      (674,033)      (276,545)         41%
Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests        (1,950)           (264)       (1,686)       639%


Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                      (948,628)      (673,769)      (274,859)         41%




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.     •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT      145
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue

Total revenue increased by US$230.0 million to US$428.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, from
US$198.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The following table summarizes the components of our
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,                 Changes
                                                                2019            2018                            %
                                                                          (US dollars in thousands)


Product revenue                                              222,596         130,885         91,711          70%
Collaboration revenue:
Reimbursement of research and development costs               27,634          56,776         (29,142)       (51)%
Research and development service revenue                      27,982          10,559         17,423         165%
Other                                                        150,000                –       150,000           NM


Total collaboration revenue                                  205,616          67,335        138,281         205%


Total                                                        428,212         198,220        229,992         116%


Net product revenue was US$222.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, which related primarily to
sales of ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA in China. We began recognizing product revenue with sales to our
distributors in China, beginning in September 2017 following the closing of our strategic collaboration with BMS.
For the year ended December 31, 2019, ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA represented 50%, 36% and 14%,
respectively, of net product revenue for our marketed products in China. Following FDA approval on November 14,
2019, we launched our first internally developed drug, BRUKINSA, in the United States. We had US$130.9 million
product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018. Collaboration revenue totaled US$205.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2019, and was comprised primarily of a US$150.0 million payment received upon termination
of the collaboration agreement with BMS for tislelizumab, as well as the revenue recognition of previously deferred
amounts. Additionally, we recognized US$27.6 million for the reimbursement of research and development costs
for the clinical trials that BMS had opted into prior to the agreement being terminated.


Collaboration revenue was US$67.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, and was comprised of US$56.8
million for the reimbursement of research and development costs for the clinical trials that BMS had opted into,
US$9.1 million related to the recognition of deferred revenue for upfront fees allocated to undelivered research and
development services to BMS and US$1.5 million research and development services for achieving a milestone
under the collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany.




146     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased to US$71.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 from US$28.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018, primarily due to increased volume of sales compared to the prior year. Cost of sales for
the year ended December 31, 2019 consisted entirely of the cost of products purchased from BMS and distributed
in the PRC.


Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased by US$248.3 million, or 36.6%, to US$927.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2019, from US$679.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The following table
summarizes external clinical, external non-clinical, in-process research and development expense and internal
research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                         Year Ended December 31,                  Changes
                                                                2019            2018                               %
                                                                         (US dollars in thousands)


External cost of clinical-stage programs                     410,670        291,176          119,494            41%
In-process research and development expense                   50,000          89,000         (39,000)          (44)%
External cost of non-clinical-stage programs                  79,153          55,600          23,553            42%
Internal research and development expenses                   387,515        243,229          144,286            59%


Total research and development expenses                      927,338        679,005          248,333            37%


The increase in external research and development expense was primarily attributable to the advancement of our
clinical and preclinical drug candidates, and included the following:


•    Increases of approximately US$51.8 million and US$64.9 million, respectively, for zanubrutinib and
     tislelizumab. The expense increases were primarily due to the expansion of clinical trials, including trials
     that were initiated in late 2018 or early 2019, including Phase 3 studies in patients with R/R CLL and
     treatment-naïve patients with MCL for zanubrutinib and treatment-naïve patients with gastric cancer and
     esophageal cancer for tislelizumab. In addition, the continuation of enrollment in ongoing pivotal trials for both
     drug candidates contributed to the period over period increase in expenses.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          147
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     A decrease of US$39.0 million related to in-process research and development expense due to lower upfront
      payments made under collaboration agreements compared to the prior year; and


•     External spending for our non-clinical-stage programs, which was primarily related to manufacturing costs for
      pre-commercial activities and costs associated with our preclinical candidates.


The increase in internal research and development expense was primarily attributable to the expansion of our
development organization and our clinical and preclinical pipeline, and included the following:


•     US$66.2 million increase in employee salary and benefits, which was primarily attributable to hiring more
      research and development personnel to support our expanding research and development activities;


•     US$21.9 million increase in share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount, resulting in more awards being expensed related to the growing employee population;


•     US$4.8 million increase in materials and reagent expenses, mainly in connection with the in-house
      manufacturing of drug candidates used for clinical purposes;


•     US$6.9 million increase in consulting fees, which was mainly attributable to increased scientific, regulatory
      and development consulting activities, in connection with the advancement of our drug candidates;


•     US$44.5 million increase of depreciation, travel, meeting and conferences, facility and IT allocable expenses,
      office expense, rental fees and other expenses to support the growth of our organization.


Selling, General and Administrative Expense

Selling, general and administrative expense increased by US$192.9 million, or 98.7%, to US$388.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2019, from US$195.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase was
primarily attributable to the following:


•     US$55.7 million increase in employee salary and benefits, which was primarily attributable to the hiring of
      more personnel to support our growing organization, including the expansion of our commercial organizations
      in China and the United States;


•     US$25.1 million increase of share-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our increased
      headcount, resulting in more awards being expensed related to the growing employee population;


•     US$28.3 million increase in professional fees and consulting for general and administrative activities, including
      legal, recruiting, information technology, tax, accounting and audit services, mainly in connection with our
      growing business;




148     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•      US$51.9 million increase in external selling and marketing expenses, including market access studies,
       meeting and seminar expenses, promotional activities, and sponsorship and grant expenses; and


•      US$31.9 million increase in facility expenses, rental fees, office expenses, travel and meals expenses and
       other administrative expenses, primarily attributable to the global expansion of our business, including the
       expansion of our commercial operations in China and the United States.


Interest Income (Expense), Net

Interest income (net) decreased to US$9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, from US$13.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2018. The decrease in interest income was primarily attributable to a decrease in
interest income on our short-term investment balances.


Other Income, Net

Other income, net increased by US$5.2 million to US$7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, from
US$2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase was mainly attributable to increases in gain on
the sale of investments and government grants and subsidies received in 2019.


Income Tax (Expense) Benefit

Income tax expense was US$7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared with US$15.8 million of
income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2018. In the year ended December 31, 2019, the increase in
income tax expense was mainly attributable to an increase in income tax expense in certain of our PRC subsidiaries
and a reduction of US deferred tax benefit attributable to increased research tax credits and stock compensation
tax deductions, offset by establishment of a partial valuation allowance.


DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS


Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments


As of December 31, 2019, the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments
primarily comprised (1)US$552.5 million denominated in US dollars; (2) approximately RMB2.7 billion (equivalent to
approximately US$391.8 million) denominated in Renminbi; and (3) approximately US$41.2 million denominated in
Australian dollar, Euro and other currencies.


Property and equipment, net


The property and equipment increased by 54.3% from US$157.1 million as of December 31, 2018 to US$242.4
million as of December 31, 2019, primarily attributable to our ongoing buildout of the Guangzhou manufacturing
facility.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT         149
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Accounts receivable


Accounts receivable increased by 72.5% from US$41.1 million as of December 31, 2018 to US$70.9 million as of
December 31, 2019, primarily due to the increase in sales of ABRAXANE, REVLIMID and VIDAZA in China.


Inventories


The inventories increased by 76.5% from US$16.2 million as of December 31, 2018 to US$28.6 million as of
December 31, 2019, primarily as a result of the increased volume of the product purchased from Celgene for
distribution in China.


Prepaid expenses and other current assets


Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                                        2019              2018
                                                                                  (US dollars in thousands)


Prepaid research and development costs                                                 69,715          58,673
Prepaid taxes                                                                           9,498          10,479
Unbilled receivable                                                                         –             8,612
Interest receivable                                                                     1,932             3,096
Other                                                                                   9,093             9,694


Total                                                                                  90,238          90,554


Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2019 approximated that as of December 31, 2018.


Accounts payable


Accounts payable includes amounts due to third parties and totaled US$122.5 million and US$113.3 million as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.




150     BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth an aging analysis of accounts payables as of the dates indicated, which is based on
invoice date:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                          (US dollars in thousands)


Within 3 months                                                                               118,787           101,567
3 to 6 months                                                                                   1,889              6,186
6 months to 1 year                                                                              1,272              4,931
Over 1 year                                                                                       540                599


Total                                                                                         122,488           113,283


Accrued expenses and other payables


Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                          (US dollars in thousands)


Compensation related                                                                           54,156             35,887
External research and development activities related                                           62,794             34,588
Commercial activities                                                                          25,645             10,433
Individual income tax and other taxes                                                           9,648              8,030
Sales rebates and returns related                                                               3,198              4,749
Other                                                                                           8,115              6,727


Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                     163,556           100,414


Accrued expenses and other payables increased by 62.9% from US$100.4 million as of December 31, 2018
to US$163.6 million as of December 31, 2019. The increase was primarily due to (i) hiring of more personnel to
support our expanding commercial, research and clinical activities and our growing organization; (ii) expansion of
clinical trials for drug candidates, including the initiation or continuation of pivotal trials; and (iii) expansion of our
commercial operations and launch of the new products.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           151
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


Since our inception in 2010, we have incurred annual net losses and negative cash flows from our operations.
Substantially all of our losses have resulted from the funding of our research and development programs and
selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. We incurred net losses of US$950.6
million and US$674.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. As of December
31, 2019, we had an accumulated deficit of US$2.0 billion. Our primary use of cash is to fund our research and
development activities and to support the commercialization of our products in China and the United States and
planned additional product launches in China and the United States. Our operating activities used US$750.3
million and US$547.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We have financed our
operations principally through proceeds from public and private offerings of our securities and proceeds from our
collaborations, together with product sales since September 2017.


As of December 31, 2019, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of US$985.5
million, including approximately US$123.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and US$2.0 million of restricted
cash held by our joint venture, BeiGene Biologics, to continue phased construction of our commercial biologics
facility in Guangzhou, China and to fund research and development of our biologics drug candidates in China. On
January 2, 2020, we received approximately US$2.8 billion from the sale of our ADSs to Amgen in connection with
the closing of our strategic collaboration, which is not included in our December 31, 2019 financial statements.


The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                        740,713           239,602
Net cash used in operating activities                                                    (750,269)         (547,717)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                      554,163           (637,613)
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                  85,680        1,690,537
Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                (9,512)           (4,096)


Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                    (119,938)         501,111


Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                              620,775           740,713




152     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Use of Funds


The use of cash in all periods presented resulted primarily from our net losses, adjusted for non-cash charges
and changes in components of working capital. The primary use of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments in all periods presented was to fund research and development, regulatory and other clinical trial costs,
selling costs and related supporting administrative expenses. Our prepaid expenses and other current assets,
accounts payable and accrued expense balances in all periods presented were affected by the timing of vendor
invoicing and payments.


Operating Activities


Operating activities used US$750.3 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2019, which resulted
principally from our net loss of US$950.6 million and an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities of
US$10.8 million, offset by non-cash charges of US$211.1 million. The increase in our net operating assets was
primarily due to an increase of US$8.6 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily related to
prepayments to CROs for clinical trials, an increase of US$20.8 million in other non-current assets primarily related
to prepayments for acquiring long-term assets, an increase of US$29.8 million in accounts receivable on products
sales from our collaboration with BMS, a decrease of US$28.0 million in deferred revenue, an increase of US$12.3
million in inventories, and an increase of US$11.5 million in operating lease right-of-use assets, all of which had a
negative impact on operating cash flow. These cash uses were partially offset by an increase of US$66.3 million
in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to payments for external research and development costs,
payroll-related costs and selling, general and administrative expenses to support our growing business, an increase
of US$8.5 million in other long-term liabilities primary related to government subsidies, and a decrease in unbilled
receivables of US$8.6 million related to the BMS collaboration, an increase of US$7.6 million in taxes payable,
and an increase of US$9.2 million in operating lease liabilities, all of which have a positive impact on operating
cash flow. Our non-cash charges and other adjustments to our net loss during the year ended December 31,
2019 primarily consisted of US$134.2 million of share-based compensation expense, US$69.0 million of acquired
in-process research and development related to upfront payments in our license agreements with Ambrx, BioAtla,
Seattle Genetics and termination of our collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, US$8.0
million of non-cash interest expense and US$18.6 million of depreciation expense, offset by US$9.2 million related
to deferred tax benefits, US$3.9 million of amortization of bond discount and US$5.6 million of disposal gain on
available-for-sale securities and property and equipment.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          153
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating activities used US$547.7 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2018, which resulted
principally from our net loss of US$674.0 million and an increase in our net operating assets and liabilities of
US$17.2 million, offset by non-cash charges of US$143.5 million. The increase in our net operating assets was
primarily due to an increase of US$46.3 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily related to
prepayments to CROs for clinical trials, an increase of US$40.2 million in other non-current assets primarily related
to prepayments for acquiring long-term assets, an increase of US$11.6 million in accounts receivable on products
sales from our collaboration with BMS, a decrease of US$9.1 million in deferred revenue, an increase of US$5.3
million in inventories and a decrease of US$3.4 million in taxes payable, all of which had a negative impact on
operating cash flow. These cash uses were partially offset by an increase of US$74.0 million in accounts payable
and accrued expenses related to payments for external research and development costs, payroll-related costs and
selling, general and administrative expenses to support our growing business, an increase of US$17.0 million in
other long-term liabilities primary related to government subsidies, and a decrease in unbilled receivables of US$7.7
million related to the BMS and other collaborations, all of which have a positive impact on operating cash flow.
Our non-cash charges and other adjustments to our net loss during the year ended December 31, 2018 primarily
consisted of US$87.1 million of share-based compensation expense, US$70.0 million of acquired in-process
research and development related to upfront payments in our license agreements with Mirati and Zymeworks,
US$7.8 million of non-cash interest expense and US$10.4 million of depreciation expense, offset by US$21.9 million
related to deferred tax benefits, US$8.0 million of amortization of bond discount and US$1.9 million of disposal gain
on available-for-sale securities and property and equipment.


Investing Activities


Investing activities provided US$554.2 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2019, which was primarily
due to cash proceeds from the sale and maturities of investment securities of US$1.9 billion, partially offset by
purchases of investment securities of US$1.2 billion, US$69.0 million of in-process research and development
related to our license agreements with Ambrx, BioAtla, Seattle Genetics and the termination of our collaboration
agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, and capital expenditures of US$89.6 million primarily related to
our Guangzhou and Suzhou manufacturing facilities.


Investing activities used US$637.6 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2018, which was primarily due
to purchases of investment securities of US$2.6 billion, US$70.0 million of in-process research and development
related to our license agreements with Mirati and Zymeworks, US$38.3 million of total costs related to the
acquisition of our Changping facility, and capital expenditures of US$70.3 million primarily related to our Guangzhou
and Suzhou manufacturing facilities. These cash uses were offset by sales and maturities of investment securities
of US$2.2 billion.




154    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Financing Activities


Financing activities provided US$85.7 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2019, which was primarily
due to US$67.5 million from bank loans to fund our Guangzhou manufacturing facility and Shanghai working capital
and US$47.0 million from the exercise of employee share options. These sources of cash were partially offset by
US$32.8 million for repayments of our Suzhou manufacturing facility and Shanghai working capital bank loans.


Financing activities provided US$1.7 billion of cash for the year ended December 31, 2018, which was primarily
due to US$757.6 million of net proceeds from our follow-on public offering of ADSs in January 2018, US$869.7
million of net proceeds from our follow-on public offering in August 2019 and the initial listing of our ordinary shares
on HKEx in August 2018, US$42.3 million from a new long-term bank loan to fund our Guangzhou manufacturing
facility, and US$29.7 million from the exercise of employee share options. These sources of cash were partially
offset by a US$8.7 million repayment of a bank loan for our Suzhou manufacturing facility.


Effects of Exchange Rates on Cash


We have substantial operations in the PRC, which generate a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash
(from product sales) and require a significant amount of RMB-denominated cash to pay our obligations. Since
the reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar, periods of volatility may have a significant impact on our
consolidated cash balances.


Operating Capital Requirements


We have exclusive rights to distribute and promote BMS’s approved cancer therapies in China, for which we began
recognizing revenue in the third quarter of 2017. We received accelerated approval from the FDA for BRUKINSA
as a treatment for MCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy on November 14, 2019; and
regulatory approval from the NMPA for tislelizumab as a treatment for patients with cHL who have received at least
two prior therapies on December 27, 2019. We launched BRUKINSA in the United States in November 2019 and
launched tislelizumab in China in March 2020. However, we do not expect to generate significant revenue from
product sales of our internally-developed drugs and drug candidates unless and until we obtain regulatory approval
for additional indications of our currently approved drugs. We anticipate that we will continue to generate losses for
the foreseeable future as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drugs and drug
candidates, commercialize our approved products and prepare for commercialization and begin to commercialize
any future approved products. As a growing public company, we will continue to incur additional costs associated
with our operations. In addition, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses for product sales,
marketing and manufacturing of our in-licensed drug products as well as our internally developed products that are
either approved or in late-stage clinical trials. We may need additional funding prior to generating sufficient cash
from operations to fund our continuing operations.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          155
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Based on our current operating plan, we expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments
as of December 31, 2019, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditures requirements for
at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements included in this report are issued. In addition
to the cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2019, we received US$2.8 billion
in cash upon Amgen’s purchase of a 20.5% equity stake in the Company on January 2, 2020. We expect that our
expenses will continue to increase substantially as we fund our ongoing research and clinical development efforts,
including our ongoing and planned pivotal trials for zanubrutinib, tislelizumab and pamiparib, both in China and
globally, and the shared development costs of Amgen’s 20 oncology pipeline products and additional in-licensed
drug candidates; our other ongoing and planned clinical trials; regulatory filing and registration of our late-stage
drug candidates; expansion of our commercial operations in China and the U.S. and the launch of our in-licensed
commercial drug portfolio and late-stage drug candidates globally; business development and manufacturing
activities; and working capital and other general corporate purposes. We have based our estimates on assumptions
that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we expect in our
current operating plan. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and
commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital
outlays and operating expenditures necessary to complete the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates.


Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:


•     our ability to successfully commercialize our internally developed and in-licensed drugs;


•     the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews and approvals;


•     the ability of our drug candidates to progress through clinical development successfully;


•     the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of nonclinical studies and clinical trials for our other programs
      and potential drug candidates;


•     the number and characteristics of the drugs and drug candidates we pursue;


•     the costs of establishing or expanding commercial manufacturing capabilities or securing necessary supplies
      from third-party manufacturers;


•     the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual
      property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims;


•     the costs of establishing and expanding our commercial operations and the success of those operations;


•     the extent to which we acquire or in-license other products and technologies; and


•     our ability to maintain and establish collaboration arrangements on favorable terms, if at all.




156    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we may be required to finance our cash
needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances,
licensing arrangements, government grants and other available sources. Under rules of the SEC, we currently
qualify as a “well-known seasoned issuer,” which allows us to file shelf registration statements to register an
unspecified amount of securities that are effective upon filing. On May 26, 2017, we filed such a shelf registration
statement with the SEC for the issuance of an unspecified amount of ordinary shares (including in the form of
ADSs), preferred shares, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such securities,
either individually or in units, from time to time at prices and on terms to be determined at the time of any such
offering. This registration statement was effective upon filing and will remain in effect for up to three years from
filing, at which time we may file another shelf registration statement that will be effective for up to three years from
filing. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the
ownership interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation
or other preferences that adversely affect the rights as a holder of ADSs or ordinary shares. Debt financing, if
available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and may require the issuance
of warrants, which could potentially dilute the ownership interest of our shareholders. If we raise additional funds
through collaboration agreements, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to
relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or research programs or to grant licenses on
terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings,
collaborations or other sources when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product
development or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or drug candidates that
we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.


CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS


The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of payment due date by period at
December 31, 2019:


                                                                      Payments Due by Period
                                                               Less Than                                   More Than
                                                      Total        1 Year      1-3 Years     3-5 Years        5 Years
                                                                      (US dollars in thousands)


Contractual obligations
Operating lease commitments                         41,319         13,064          20,519          7,609          127
Purchase commitments                               128,532         46,850          43,089         26,793       11,800
Debt obligations                                   240,695               –          1,436      178,930         60,329
Capital commitments                                 42,074         42,074               –              –             –


Total                                              452,620        101,988          65,044      213,332         72,256




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          157
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Operating Lease Commitments


We lease office or manufacturing facilities in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Guangzhou, PRC and office facilities
in the United States in California, Massachusetts and New Jersey and Basel, Switzerland under non-cancelable
operating leases expiring on different dates. Payments under operating leases are expensed on a straight-line basis
over the periods of the respective leases. The aggregate future minimum payments under these non-cancelable
operating leases are summarized in the table above.


Purchase Commitments


As of December 31, 2019, purchase commitments amounted to US$128.5 million, of which US$97.2 million
related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from contract manufacturing organizations and
US$31.3 million related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS. We do not have any minimum
purchase requirements for inventory from BMS.


Debt Obligations


Long-Term Bank Loans

On April 4, 2018, BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”) entered
into a nine-year loan agreement with China Construction Bank to borrow RMB580.0 million at a floating interest rate
benchmarked against prevailing interest rates of certain PRC financial institutions. The loan is secured by BeiGene
Guangzhou Factory’s land use right. Interest expense is paid quarterly until the loan is fully settled. As of December
31, 2019, we have drawn down the entire US$83.3 million (RMB580.0 million) in aggregate principal amount of this
loan. Maturity dates range from 2021 to 2027.


Shareholder Loan

On March 7, 2017, BeiGene Biologics entered into a Shareholder Loan Contract with Guangzhou GET Technology
Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.) (“GET”), pursuant to
which, GET provided a shareholder loan to BeiGene Biologics in the principal amount of RMB900.0 million at a fixed
8% annual interest rate. The term of the shareholder loan is 72 months, commencing from the actual drawdown
date of April 14, 2017 and ending on April 13, 2023, unless converted earlier. On April 14, 2017, we drew down the
entire RMB900.0 million from GET, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2019.


Capital Commitments


We had capital commitments amounting to US$42.1 million for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as
of December 31, 2019, which was primarily for BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s manufacturing facility and expansion
of BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou”)’s research and development activities in Guangzhou,
China.




158      BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other Business Agreements


We enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with CROs to provide research and development
services. These contracts are generally cancelable at any time by us with prior written notice.


We also enter into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual property.
We may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty
payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration agreements. Payments under these
agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of such milestones or sales. These commitments
are not recorded on our balance sheet because the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and
determinable. When the achievement of these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are
recognized in our financial statements.


Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements


We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements,
as defined under rules of the SEC, such as relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships,
which are often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of
facilitating financing transactions that are not required to be reflected on our balance sheets.


Critical Accounting Policies


Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (“GAAP”). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our
estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our
estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Our most critical accounting policies are summarized below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report for a description of our other significant accounting policies.


Revenue Recognition


Effective January 1, 2018, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (“ASC 606”). For further information regarding the impact of adoption, see Note 2 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT        159
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in
an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.
To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606,
the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance
obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable consideration, if any; (iv) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the
entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is
probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for the goods or services it
transfers to the customer.


Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, we review the contract to
determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance obligations are distinct.
We recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to each performance obligation when
that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


Product Revenue

Our product revenues are generated from the sale of ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA to our product distributor
in China, our sole customer in China. The first tier distributor subsequently resells the products to second tier
distributors, who ultimately sell the products to health care providers and patients. Following FDA approval on
November 14, 2019, we began selling our first internally developed drug, BRUKINSA, in the United States to
specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors, our U.S. customers. The specialty pharmacies and specialty
distributors subsequently resell the product to health care providers and patients. We are the principal under
the product sales as we control the products with the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the
remaining benefits from the products before they are sold to the customer. For product sales transactions, we have
a single performance obligation which is to sell the products to our customer. We include variable consideration
in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur and estimate variable
consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other
incentives using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales are recognized at a point in time when
the single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the customer. Our payment terms are approximately
60-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from our estimates. We will reassess
estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we will adjust
these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known.


In China, rebates, including price compensation credits, are offered to distributors, consistent with pharmaceutical
industry practices. We record a provision for rebates at the time of sale based on contracted rates and historical
redemption rates. Assumptions used to establish the provision include the level of distributor inventories, sales
volumes and contract pricing and estimated acceptance of government pricing or reimbursement amounts (such
as provincial acceptance of the National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in the PRC). We regularly review the
information related to these estimates and adjust the provision accordingly.




160     BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In the United States, estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale
include government rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and other
incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and our U.S. customers, health care providers
and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range of possible
outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical experience, current contractual
and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer
buying and payment patterns. U.S. product revenues and related reserves for variable consideration were not
significant for the year ended December 31, 2019 as we did not begin generating product revenue in the United
States until after BRUKINSA received FDA approval on November 14, 2019.


We base our sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as reported by
third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly launched
products where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially calculated based
on benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or benchmarking data we use
to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a change in the allowance would be made
in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues in that period could be materially affected. Any
changes from the historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return allowance. To date,
sales returns have not been significant.


Collaboration Revenue

At contract inception, we analyze our collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within the scope of
ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements involve joint operating
activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and
rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For collaboration arrangements within the scope
of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, we first determine which elements of the collaboration are deemed to
be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore
within the scope of ASC 606. For elements of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC
808, an appropriate recognition method is determined and applied consistently.


In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under each of our
agreements, we perform the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.


Our collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance obligation, including
grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreements to provide research and development services and
other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of return for any deliverable. As part of
the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop assumptions that require judgment to determine the
stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone
selling price for a performance obligation, we consider competitor pricing for a similar or identical product,
market awareness of and perception of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general,
the consideration allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is
satisfied either by delivering a good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained.
Non-refundable payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are
recorded as advances from customers.



                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          161
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing our intellectual property are
evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement.
For licenses determined to be distinct, we recognize revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the
license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit
from the license.


Research and Development Services: The portion of the transaction price allocated to research and development
services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue overtime as delivery or
performance of such services occurs. R&D reimbursement revenue for revenue attributable to the clinical trials that
BMS opted into is recognized as delivery or performance of such services occurs.


Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments, we
evaluate whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the amount to be
included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue
reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestones related to
our development-based activities may include initiation of various phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty
involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are generally fully constrained at contract inception.
We will assess whether the variable consideration is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts
and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials. Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental
milestones, variable consideration will be included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue
recognized is not expected to occur and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones
are fully constrained until the period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent
uncertainty with the approval process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period
regulatory approval is obtained.


Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level
of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, we recognize revenue
at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the
royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


Research and Development Expenses


Research and development expenses represent costs associated with the collaborative arrangements, which
primarily include (1) payroll and related costs (including share based compensation) associated with research
and development personnel; (2) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of our technologies under
development; (3) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and supplies, product testing,
depreciation, and facility related expenses; (4) expenses for research services provided by universities and contract
laboratories, including sponsored research funding; and (5) other research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses are charged to expense as incurred when these expenditures relate to our research and
development services and have no alternative future uses.




162    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We have a history of
contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf of us in the ongoing development
of our product candidates. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates of the actual
services performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for
instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the
related accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in
the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.


The process of estimating our research and development expenses involves reviewing open contracts and
purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf
and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not
yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears
for services performed, on a pre determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some
require advanced payments. We make estimates of our expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial
statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services
performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting
expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments
to our prior estimates of research and development expenses.


Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


We have acquired rights to develop and commercialize drug products and product candidates. Upfront payments
that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments, are
immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they are incurred,
provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would constitute a “business”
as defined under GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such
approval, has no established alternative future use. Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to
regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of
the related product. Royalties owed on sales of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in
the period the related revenues are recognized.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          163
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Share Based Compensation


Awards Granted to Employees

We apply ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”) to account for our employee share based
payments. In accordance with ASC 718, we determine whether an award should be classified and accounted for
as a liability award or equity award. All our grants of share based awards to employees were classified as equity
awards and are recognized in the financial statements based on their grant date fair values. We have elected
to recognize compensation expense using the straight line method for all employee equity awards granted with
graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized at any
date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date value of the options that are vested at that date. We use the
accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on performance conditions. To the extent the
required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of the share based awards, previously recognized
compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the
time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share based compensation expense is
recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share based awards that
are expected to vest. To the extent we revise these estimates in the future, the share based payments could
be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. We, with the assistance of an
independent third party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the share options granted to
employees using a binomial option pricing model.


Awards Granted to Non Employees

We have accounted for equity instruments issued to non employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC
718, Share-based payments, and ASC 505, Equity. All transactions in which goods or services are received in
exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair
value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date of the fair
value of the equity instrument issued is the date on which the counterparty’s performance is completed as there
is no associated performance commitment. The expense is recognized in the same manner as if we had paid
cash for the services provided by the non employees in accordance with ASC 505 50, Equity based payments to
non employees. We estimate the fair value of share options granted to non-employees using the same method as
employees.




164    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Modification of Awards

A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair value
of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, we recognize incremental
compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, we recognize over the remaining
requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized
compensation cost for the original award on the modification date. If the fair value of the modified award is lower
than the fair value of the original award immediately before modification, the minimum compensation cost we
recognize is the cost of the original award.


Significant Factors, Assumptions, and Methodologies Used in Determining Fair Value

The fair value of each share option grant is estimated using the binomial option pricing model. The model requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected share price volatility and, the share
price upon which (i.e. the exercise multiple) the employees are likely to exercise share options. The trading history
and observation period of our own share price movement has not been long enough to match the life of the share
option. Therefore, we estimate our expected share price volatility based on the historical volatility of a group of
similar companies, which are publicly traded. When selecting these public companies on which we have based
our expected share price volatility, we selected companies with characteristics similar to us, including the invested
capital’s value, business model, development stage, risk profiles, position within the industry, and with historical
share price information sufficient to meet the contractual life of our share based awards. We will continue to
apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own share price
becomes available. For the exercise multiple, we were not able to develop an exercise pattern as reference, thus the
exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which we believe is representative of the future exercise
pattern of the options. The risk free interest rates for the periods within the contractual life of the option are based
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect during the period the options were granted. Expected dividend yield is
based on the fact that we have never paid, and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.


The assumptions adopted to estimate the fair value of share options using the binomial option pricing model were
as follows:


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2019              2018


Risk-free interest rate                                                               1.5% ~ 2.8%       2.5% ~ 3.1%
Expected exercise multiple                                                                 2.2 ~ 2.8         2.2 ~ 2.8
Expected volatility                                                                    58% ~ 60%          60% ~ 64%
Expected dividend yield                                                                         0%                0%
Contractual life (years)                                                                         10                10




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          165
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We are also required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant, and revise those estimates in subsequent periods
if actual forfeitures differ from our estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre vesting option forfeitures and
record share based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent that
actual forfeitures differ from our estimates, the difference is recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period the
estimates were revised.


These assumptions represented our best estimates, but the estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of our judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use significantly different assumptions or
estimates when valuing our share options, our share based compensation expense could be materially different.


The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing market price of our ADSs on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant.


The following table summarizes total share-based compensation expense recognized for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                       (US dollars in thousands)


Research and development                                                                   76,293            54,384
Selling, general and administration                                                        57,861            32,743


Total                                                                                     134,154            87,127


As of December 31, 2019, there was US$364.2 million of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense,
net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards which are expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.4 years. As of December 31, 2018, there was US$289.9 million of total unrecognized
share-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards which
are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years. In future periods, our share-based
compensation expense is expected to increase as a result of recognizing our existing unrecognized share-based
compensation for awards that will vest and as we issue additional share-based awards to attract and retain our
employees.




166     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Taxes


We use the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will
not be realized.


We evaluate our uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a
recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements.
We recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is “more likely than not” to be sustained
under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position assuming a review by tax authorities
having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition threshold are measured using a cumulative
probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being
realized upon settlement. It is our policy to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if
any, as a component of income tax expense.


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


INTEREST AND CREDIT RISK


Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash and short term investments. The carrying amounts of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short
term investments represent the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash equivalents
of US$618.0 million and US$712.9 million, restricted cash of US$2.8 million and US$27.8 million, and short-term
investments of US$364.7 million and US$1.1 billion at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Our cash and
cash equivalents are deposited with various major reputable financial institutions located within or without the PRC.
The deposits placed with these financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the
event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full. We
believe that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, and we continually monitor the credit worthiness of
these financial institutions. At December 31, 2019, our short term investments consisted primarily of U.S. treasury
securities. We believe that the U.S. treasury securities is of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit
worthiness of these institutions.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           167
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and maximize income
without significant increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk relates to fluctuations in the interest rates
which are affected by changes in the general level of PRC and U.S. interest rates. Given the short term nature of
our cash equivalents, we believe that a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a
material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operation. We estimate that a hypothetical 100 basis
point change in market interest rates would impact the fair value of our investment portfolio as of December 31,
2019 by US$1.1 million.


We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short term investments have significant risk of default or
illiquidity. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments do not contain excessive risk,
we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future investments will not be subject to adverse changes in
market value.


CURRENCY CONVERTIBILITY RISK


A significant portion of our expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On January 1, 1994, the
PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the
People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). However, the unification of exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may
be readily convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to
take place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange
rates quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions require
submitting a payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.


Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international economic
and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market.


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK


We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Our reporting currency is the U.S.
dollar, but a portion of our operating transactions and assets and liabilities are in other currencies, such as RMB,
Australian dollar and Euro. We do not believe that we currently have any significant direct foreign exchange risk and
have not used any derivative financial instruments to hedge exposure to such risk.


RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value of RMB against
the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic
conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. From July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a
narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. For the RMB against U.S. dollars, there
were depreciation of approximately 1.3% and depreciation of approximately 5.7% in the year ended December
31, 2019 and 2018. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the
exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.




168    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for capital expenditures and working capital and other
business purposes, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount
we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business
purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount
available to us.


In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our receivables, earnings or losses. Further, volatility in exchange rate fluctuations may have a
significant impact on the foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in other comprehensive income (loss).


EFFECTS OF INFLATION


Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation
has had a material effect on our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2019.


GEARING RATIO


The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing total interest-bearing loans by total equity as of
the end of the year, was 24.6% as of December 31, 2019, increased from 11.3% as of December 31, 2018. The
increase was primarily due to the increase in interest-bearing loans which was used to support the construction of
Guangzhou manufacturing facility.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD


As of December 31, 2019, we did not hold any significant investments in the equity interests of any other
companies.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS


As of December 31, 2019, we did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES


During the year ended December 31, 2019, we did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries
and affiliated companies.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           169
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY


At the beginning of 2019, we had 2,070 employees, and we ended the year 2019 with 3,359 employees, an increase
of approximately 62%. Most of our employees are full-time.


The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically reviewed. In addition to cash
compensation and benefits, we may issue share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted
share units, unrestricted shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights
to our employees in accordance with our equity plans. We also provide external and internal training programs
to our employees. The packages were set by benchmarking with companies in similar industries and companies
with similar size. The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2019 was
US$434.6 million (December 31, 2018: US$262.7 million).


PLEDGE OF ASSETS


As of December 31, 2019, we pledged a restricted deposit of US$2.0 million in BeiGene Guangzhou Factory held in
designated bank accounts for issuance of a letter of credit and a letter of guarantee (December 31, 2018: US$27.8
million for issuance of letter of credit and restricted cash deposits as security for the long-term bank loan), US$0.5
million for BeiGene Guangzhou’s issuance of a letter of guarantee (December 31, 2018: nil), and US$0.3 million in
BeiGene Beijing as a credit card deposit (December 31, 2018: nil). As of December 31, 2019, BeiGene Guangzhou
Factory’s land use right of US$11.2 million (December 31, 2018: US$11.6 million) was pledged as security for
long-term bank loans.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES


As of December 31, 2019, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (as of December 31, 2018: nil).


FINAL DIVIDEND


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2019.




170    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Our Board of Directors (“Board”), consists of ten Directors, comprising one executive Director, two non-executive
Directors, and seven independent non-executive Directors. The following table provides certain information about
our Directors as of April 13, 2020:


Name                                  Age       Position


Mr. John V. Oyler                     52        Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                     57        Non-executive Director
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper                 65        Non-executive Director
Mr. Timothy Chen                      63        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                  75        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Michael Goller                    45        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                  46        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Thomas Malley                     51        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                67        Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Qingqing Yi                       48        Independent non-executive Director


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR


Mr. John V. Oyler , aged 52, is our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors.
He has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Oyler served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of BioDuro, LLC, a drug discovery outsourcing company, which was acquired
by Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Oyler served as Chief Executive Officer of
Galenea Corp., a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery of novel therapies for central nervous
system diseases, which initially were developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1998 to 2002,
Mr. Oyler was a Founder and the President of Telephia, Inc. which was bought by The Nielsen Company in 2007.
From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Oyler served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Genta Incorporated, an oncology-focused
biopharmaceutical company that was listed on the NASDAQ. Mr. Oyler began his career as a management
consultant at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Oyler received his B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
June 1990 and an MBA from Stanford University in January 1996. Mr. Oyler’s qualifications to serve on our Board of
Directors include his extensive leadership, executive, managerial, business and pharmaceutical and biotechnology
company experience, along with his years of industry experience in the development and commercialization of
pharmaceutical products.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT         171
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Dr. Xiaodong Wang , Ph.D., aged 57, is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of our Board of Directors
since February 2016. He has also served as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board since 2011. Dr. Wang
has served as the founding Director of the National Institute of Biological Sciences in Beijing since 2003 and
became its Director and Investigator in 2010. Previously, he was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator
from 1997 to 2010 and held the position of the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair Professor in Biomedical
Sciences at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas from 2001 to 2010. In 2004, Dr.
Wang founded Joyant Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a venture capital-backed biotechnology company focused on the
development of small molecule therapeutics for cancer. Dr. Wang received his B.S. in Biology from Beijing Normal
University in July 1984 and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center
in May 1991. Dr. Wang has been a member of the National Academy of Science, USA since 2004 and a foreign
associate of the Chinese Academy of Sciences since 2013. We believe that Dr. Wang’s extensive experience in
cancer drug research, combined with his experience in the biotech industry, qualify him to serve as a member of
our Board of Directors.


Mr. Anthony C. Hooper , aged 65, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2020. Mr.
Hooper retired from Amgen in January 2020, where he was Executive Vice President from September 2018 to
January 2020, and Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations from 2011 to August 2018. From
2010 to 2011, Mr. Hooper was Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations and President, U.S., Japan and
Intercontinental of Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS Company). From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Hooper was President,
Americas of BMS Company. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Hooper was President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals, Worldwide
Pharmaceuticals Group, a division of BMS Company. Prior to that, Mr. Hooper held various senior leadership
positions at BMS Company. Prior to joining BMS Company, Mr. Hooper was Assistant Vice President of Global
Marketing for Wyeth Laboratories. Mr. Hooper earned law and MBA degrees from the University of South Africa
in 1978 and 1988 respectively. Mr. Hooper serves on the board of MannKind Corporation, a company listed on
the NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MNKD). Mr. Hooper is a consultant of Amgen. We believe Mr. Hooper’s extensive
experience and knowledge in the healthcare sector and broad international experience in pharmaceutical
commercial operations qualify him to serve on, and contributes to the diversity of, the Board.




172    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                       DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


Mr. Timothy Chen , aged 63, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 2016. Since January
2018, Mr. Chen has served as the Chairman of Foxconn Industrial Internet Company, a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange since June 2018. From January 2016 to March 2018, he served as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Asia Pacific Telecom and as the Corporate Vice President of Hon Hai Technology Group.
He served as the President of Telstra International Group and Advisor to Telstra Chief Executive Officer from
November 2012 to December 2015. He was also the Chairman of Autohome, a company listed on the NASDAQ and
a director of Qingdao Haier Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. He was a Non-Executive
Director on the board of Telstra Corporation Limited, a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
between April 2012 and November 2012. Previously, Mr. Chen was a partner of a China Opportunities Fund within
GL Capital Group. He was the Chief Executive Officer of National Basketball Association China from 2007 to 2010;
the Corporate Vice President of Microsoft and the Chief Executive Officer of its Greater China Region from 2003 to
2007; and the Corporate Vice President of Motorola and the Chairman and President of Motorola (China) Electronics
from 2001 to 2003. Before Motorola, he was the Chief Executive Officer of 21CN Cybernet, a company listed on the
HKEx from 2000 to 2001. Prior to 2000, Mr. Chen spent eight years in China with Motorola, including serving as the
General Manager responsible for the sales and marketing for the Greater China Cellular Infrastructure Division. He
also spent nine years with AT&T Bell Laboratories in the United States. Mr. Chen earned an MBA Degree from the
University of Chicago in August 1991 and a master’s degree in both computer science and mathematics from Ohio
State University in June 1982. We believe that Mr. Chen’s extensive business expertise in Asia and globally qualify
him to serve as a member of our Board of Directors.


Mr. Donald W. Glazer , aged 75, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 2013. Mr.
Glazer has served as a member of the Board of Trustees of GMO Trust, a mutual fund group, since 2000 and as
the Chairman of the board of GMO Trust since 2005. Mr. Glazer was a Co-Founder and Secretary, and from 2002
until 2010, Vice Chairman, of Provant, Inc., a provider of performance improvement training solutions. From 1992 to
1995 Mr. Glazer was President of Mugar/Glazer Holdings and from 1992 to 1993 served as Vice Chairman-Finance
of New England Television Corp. and WHDH-TV, Inc. From 1997 to the present, Mr. Glazer has served as Advisory
Counsel to the law firm Goodwin Procter LLP. From 1970 to 1978 Mr. Glazer was an associate and from 1978
to 1992 a partner at the law firm Ropes & Gray LLP. At Ropes & Gray, Mr. Glazer chaired the firm’s Emerging
Companies Group. Mr. Glazer was also a Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School from 1978 to 1991, teaching a
course called The Business Lawyer. In addition to Provant, Inc. and New England Television Corp., Mr. Glazer
is a former member of the boards of directors of Environics Inc.; Kronos Incorporated; Reflective Technologies,
Inc.; and Teleco Oilfield Services Inc. Mr. Glazer received his A.B. from Dartmouth College in June 1966; J.D.
from Harvard Law School in June 1969, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review; and L.L.M. from the
University of Pennsylvania Law School in May 1970. Additionally, Mr. Glazer is a co-author of both Glazer and
FitzGibbon on Legal Opinions, Third Edition (Aspen Publishers) and Massachusetts Corporation Law & Practice,
Second Edition (Aspen Publishers). We believe that Mr. Glazer’s qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors
include his extensive leadership, executive, managerial, business, and corporate legal experience.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT        173
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Michael Goller , aged 45, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2015. Mr. Goller is a
Partner at Baker Brothers Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers in 2005, Mr. Goller was as an Associate of
JPMorgan Partners, LLC, where he focused on venture investments in the life sciences sector from 1999 to 2003.
Mr. Goller began his career as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch and Co. from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Goller
received a B.S. in Molecular and Cell Biology from The Pennsylvania State University in May 1997, and a Master’s
in both Biotechnology (School of Engineered and Applied Sciences) and Business Administration (Wharton School)
from the University of Pennsylvania in May 2005. Mr. Goller serves on the boards of DBV Technologies SA, a
company listed on the NASDAQ and on Euronext Paris and Levo Therapeutics, Inc. We believe that Mr. Goller
is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors based on his experience in the life sciences industry and for his
knowledge in financial and corporate development matters.


Mr. Ranjeev Krishana , aged 46, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2014 and our
Lead Director since February 2020. Mr. Krishana has worked at Baker Brothers from 2011 to the present and
currently serves as Head of International Investments. Prior to joining Baker Brothers, Mr. Krishana held a series of
commercial, strategy, and business development leadership roles for Pfizer, Inc.’s pharmaceutical business across
a variety of international regions and markets, including Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. Mr. Krishana was
at Pfizer from 2003 to 2007 and from 2008 to 2011. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Krishana was based in Beijing, China,
where he served as a Senior Director and a member of the Pfizer China Leadership Team. Mr. Krishana began his
career as a strategy consultant at Accenture plc. Mr. Krishana received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science
from Brown University in May 1995, and a Master’s of Public Policy from Harvard University in June 2011. We
believe Mr. Krishana’s knowledge of the healthcare sector across international markets qualifies him to serve on our
Board of Directors.


Mr. Thomas Malley , aged 51, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2016. Mr. Malley
has served as president of Mossrock Capital, LLC, a private investment firm, since May 2007. Mr. Malley worked
for Janus Mutual Funds in positions of increasing responsibility from April 1991 to May 2007. From January 1999
to May 2007, Mr. Malley served as the portfolio manager of the Janus Global Life Sciences Fund and also led the
Janus healthcare team of analysts. From 1991 to 1998, Mr. Malley served as an equity analyst for Janus covering,
among others, healthcare and biotechnology stocks. Mr. Malley received a B.S. in Biology from Stanford University
in June 1991. Mr. Malley has held directorships in the following listed companies: Kura Oncology, Inc., a company
listed on the NASDAQ, as a director since 2015; Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, a company listed on the NASDAQ,
as a director since 2016; OvaScience, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its merger with Millendo
Therapeutics, Inc. in December 2018, as a director from 2012 to 2017; Synageva BioPharma Corp., a Company
listed on the NASDAQ prior to its delisting in May 2015 in connection with the sale of the company, as a director
from 2006 to 2015; Puma Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ, as a director from 2011 to 2015;
and Cougar Biotechnology, Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ prior to its delisting in July 2009 in connection
with the sale of the company, as a director from 2007 to 2009. Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Malley’s
experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, including serving on other boards of directors, and his financial and
executive experience qualify him to serve on our Board of Directors.




174    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su , aged 67, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. Mr. Su retired from Yum!
Brands, Inc., a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“Yum! Brands”), in May 2016, where he served
as Vice Chairman of the Board, and was the Chairman and CEO of the company’s China division. During Mr. Su’s
26 years with Yum! Brands, its China division grew from just four restaurants to over 7,000 to become the largest
multinational restaurant chain in China, contributing more than half of Yum! Brands’ worldwide revenues in 2015.
Mr. Su started his career with Yum! Brands in 1989 as KFC International’s director of marketing for the North Pacific
region. In 1993, he became vice president of North Asia for both KFC and Pizza Hut. Mr. Su was named president
of Greater China for Tricon Global Restaurants International upon Pepsi’s spin-off of the restaurant business in
1997. Before joining Yum! Brands, Mr. Su worked with Procter & Gamble in Germany and Taiwan. Mr. Su earned his
undergraduate degree at the National Taiwan University in June 1974, an M.Sc. degree in Chemical Engineering at
Pennsylvania State University in May 1978, and an MBA at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in
May 1983. Mr. Su currently serves as a director of Li Ning Company Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of
the HKEx (stock code: 2331), and of Peet’s Coffee China. We believe that Mr. Su is qualified to serve on our Board
of Directors based on his operating and management experience, expertise in marketing and brand development,
particularly in China, and expertise in strategic planning and international business development.


Mr. Qingqing Yi , aged 48, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 2014. Mr. Yi is a Partner
at Hillhouse Capital. He has worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005. Prior to joining Hillhouse,
Mr. Yi was an Equity Research Analyst at China International Capital Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse
includes investments in the healthcare and consumer sectors in both its public and private equity portfolios. Mr. Yi
received a B.S. degree in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July 1995 and an MBA from University
of Southern California in May 2003. We believe Mr. Yi’s extensive experience in capital markets and knowledge of
the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on our Board of Directors.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The following table provides information about members of our senior management, as of April 13, 2020, other than
Mr. John Oyler, who is included above as an Executive Director:


Name                                Age           Position


Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.               58            General Manager of China and President of the Company
Dr. Howard Liang, Ph.D.             56            Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer
Dr. Jane Huang, M.D.                47            Chief Medical Officer, Hematology




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          175
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. , aged 58, joined our Company in April 2018 as our General Manager of China and President
of the Company. He has more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 17 years
leading China operations of multinational companies, with expertise in research and development, strategy,
commercialization and general management. Before joining the Company in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the
Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to April 2018 and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the
Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018. Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth
to become a leading multinational pharmaceutical company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President
and Managing Director of Wyeth China and Hong Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as
the General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in sales and
marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu served as a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based Pharmaceutical Association
Committee (RDPAC) in China from 2008 to 2018. He also serves as Vice Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber
of Commerce of China’s National Association of Industry & Commerce. He is also a research fellow at the Research
Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem (NDPE) of China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China. In
addition to his duties in industry associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards, including most
recently “Person of the Year” in Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most Influential Persons in the Chinese
Healthcare Industry” and the “2017 Social Responsibility Eminent Person Award.” Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in
Biochemistry and Pharmacology and a Diploma in Biology in April 1993 and January 1990, respectively, from the
University of Konstanz in Germany.


Dr. Howard Liang, Ph.D. , aged 56, has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer since July
2015. Prior to joining us, from 2005 to 2015, Dr. Liang was at Leerink Partners LLC, a leading investment bank
specializing in the healthcare industry (now SVB Leerink LLC), where he served as a Managing Director and Head of
Biotechnology Equity Research. Dr. Liang served as a Senior Biotechnology Analyst at two full-service investment
banks: A.G. Edwards Inc., from 2004 to 2005, and JMP Securities, from 2003 to 2004. From 2000 to 2003, Dr. Liang
served as an Associate Analyst at Prudential Securities, where he covered major and specialty pharmaceuticals.
Before Wall Street, from 1992 to 2000, Dr. Liang was with Abbott Laboratories, where he was a Senior Scientist
and a member of one of the pharmaceutical industry’s leading structure-based discovery teams. During his career
as a scientist, Dr. Liang authored a review and 13 papers including six in Nature, Science, and Proceedings of
the National Academy of Sciences. Dr. Liang currently serves as a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the
HKEx. Dr. Liang received his B.S. in Chemistry from Peking University in July 1985, and both his MBA and Ph.D. in
Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of Chicago in June 2001 and March 1992 respectively.




176    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Jane Huang, M.D. , aged 47, joined our Company in September 2016 as our Chief Medical Officer, Hematology.
Prior to joining us, Dr. Huang served as the Vice President, Clinical Development at Acerta Pharma from April 2015
to September 2016, where she oversaw global clinical development of the BTK inhibitor, acalabrutinib. Previously,
she worked at Genentech, Inc. from 2005 to March 2015, serving most recently as Group Medical Director, where
she played a leading role in drug development programs for several molecules at all stages of development,
including venetoclax and obinutuzumab. She is also an Adjunct Clinical Assistant Professor in Oncology at Stanford
University, specializing in thoracic oncology. Dr. Huang received her Bachelor of Science degree in Biological
Sciences from Stanford University in 1994 and her M.D. from University of Washington School of Medicine in 1998.
She is board certified in hematology, oncology, and internal medicine, and she completed her residency in internal
medicine and fellowships in hematology and oncology at Stanford University.


DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51(B) (1) OF
THE HK LISTING RULES


Upon specific inquiry by the Company and following confirmations from Directors, except as disclosed hereunder,
there is no change in information for any of the Directors which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) (1)
of the HK Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2019. The change of Director’s information is set out
below.


Directors                    Changes in Positions held with the Company


Mr. Qingqing Yi              Ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee, effective May 1, 2019. Mr. Qingqing Yi
                             remains a member of the Board and as chairman of the Compensation Committee.


Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su       Appointed as a member of the Audit Committee, effective May 1, 2019.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          177
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report, together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2019.


GENERAL INFORMATION


The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010 as an exempted limited liability
company under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the
HKEx since August 8, 2018 under the stock code 06160. The Company’s ADSs have been listed on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market since February 3, 2016 under the symbol “BGNE”.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES


The Company is a global commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing
innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology cancer therapeutics. The Company has built substantial
commercial capabilities in China and the United States, and is currently marketing two internally-developed drugs
and three in-licensed drugs. The Company also anticipates introducing five more in-licensed drugs into the China
market in the next one to two years.


The analysis of the Group’s revenues and contribution to results are set out in Note 3 and Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW


The business review of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this
annual report. A description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found on page
180 of this annual report. In addition, a discussion on relationships with key stakeholders is included in the section
headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of this annual report. The review and discussion form part
of this Directors’ report.


SHARE CAPITAL


Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019 are set out in the
consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity.


SUBSIDIARIES


Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the consolidated results and financial position of the Group is set out on page 133 of this annual
report.




178       BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RESULTS


The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2019 are set out in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss on page 267 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS


During the year ended December 31, 2019, we generated 52.0% of our revenues from a product distributor in China
in connection with the sales of our drugs licensed from BMS, and 48.0% from BMS in connection with our strategic
collaboration for tislelizumab, including research and development reimbursement revenue for the trials that BMS
had opted into through the termination of the collaboration agreement, research and development services revenue
of the remaining upfront consideration, and other collaboration revenue related to the payment received from BMS
in connection with the termination of the collaboration agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2018, we
generated 33.2% of our revenues from upfront license fees, reimbursed research and development expenses and
milestone payments from our strategic collaboration with Celgene, and 66.0% from our product distributor in China
in connection with the sales of our drugs licensed from Celgene and 0.8% from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
in connection with our collaboration for pamiparib.


For the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
approximately 48% and 47% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively, while the largest supplier of the Group
accounted for approximately 11% and 15% of the Group’s total purchases, respectively.


During the year ended December 31, 2019, none of our Directors, their close associates or any of our shareholders,
who, to the knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital had any interest in any of
the above customers or suppliers.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE


The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment and giving back to the community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of these commitments
are set out in the section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS


During the year ended December 31, 2019, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material respects.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD


Save as disclosed in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report, there were no
important events affecting the Group which occurred after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual
report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019      ANNUAL REPORT     179
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES


As further disclosed in the section headed “Risks Factors” in this annual report, the following list is a summary of
certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•     Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance
      by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial
      success.


•     We have limited experience in launching and marketing our internally developed drugs and third-party drugs.
      If we are unable to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
      to market and sell our drugs and third-party drugs, we may not be able to generate substantial product sales
      revenue.


•     We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or commercializing
      competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.


•     The market opportunities for our drugs and drug candidates may be limited to those patients who are
      ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small.


•     If we are not able to continue to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we
      will not be able to commercialize our drugs and drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be
      materially impaired.


•     We have limited manufacturing capability and must rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our
      commercial products and clinical supplies, and if they fail to meet their obligations, the development and
      commercialization of our drugs and drug candidates could be adversely affected.


•     We depend substantially on the success of the clinical development of our drugs and drug candidates. If
      we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain additional regulatory approvals and
      commercialize our drugs and drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will
      be materially harmed.


•     All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical
      products are heavily regulated.


•     Reimbursement may be limited or unavailable for our drugs and drug candidates. Even if we are able to
      commercialize our drugs and any approved drug candidates, the drugs may become subject to unfavorable
      pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices, which could harm our business.




180    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•   We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict
    our future performance.


•   We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to obtain such
    financing, we may be unable to complete the further development and commercialization of our drugs and
    drug candidates.


•   If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our drug candidates and drugs through
    intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad,
    third parties may compete directly against us.


•   If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our drugs, our business and sales of the relevant
    drugs could be adversely affected.


•   We rely on third parties to manufacture at least a portion of our commercial and clinical drug supplies. Our
    business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product or fail to
    do so at acceptable quality levels or prices.


•   We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and we must work effectively
    with collaborators to develop our drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their
    contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or
    commercialize our drugs and drug candidates and our business could be substantially harmed.


•   Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by public health crises and natural
    catastrophes or other disasters outside of our control in the locations in which we, our suppliers, CROs,
    CMOs and other contractors operate.


•   Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified
    personnel.


•   We have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience
    difficulties in managing our growth.


•   If we are not able to successfully develop and commercialize Amgen’s oncology products in China, the
    expected benefits of the collaboration will not materialize.


•   Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government or in relations between China and the
    United States or other governments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
    results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           181
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM LISTING


The net proceeds from the listing of our ordinary shares on the Main Board of the HKEx on August 8, 2018
(the “Listing”) amounted to approximately US$869.7 million, and the balance of unutilized net proceeds was
approximately US$310.8 million as of December 31, 2019.


The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have been and
will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. The table below sets out the planned
applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2019:


                                                                                               Actual usage       Unutilized net
                                                                                                        up to proceeds as of
                                                             Planned                          December 31,        December 31,
                                                        applications         Percentage                  2019                2019
                                                          (US dollars         of total net         (US dollars        (US dollars
Use of proceeds                                        in thousands)       proceeds (%)        in thousands)       in thousands)


Zanubrutinib                                                 282,656               32.5%              164,227            118,429
Tislelizumab                                                 282,656               32.5%              198,098              84,558
Pamiparib                                                      86,970              10.0%               36,339              50,631


For core products(a)                                         652,282               75.0%              398,664            253,618
To fund continued expansion of
  our product portfolio(b)                                   130,456               15.0%               83,934              46,522
For working capital(c)                                         86,971              10.0%               76,347              10,624


Total                                                        869,709              100.0%              558,945            310,764


Note (a):   Usage for core products include ongoing and planned clinical trials of core products, in preparation for registration
            filings of core products, and preparation for launch and, subject to regulatory approval, commercialization of core
            products in China and the United States;


Note (b):   To fund continued expansion of our product portfolio in cancer and potentially other therapeutic areas through internal
            research and external licenses and business development collaborations, including the development cost of internal
            early clinical and preclinical-stage pipeline agents and in-licensed pipeline agents;


Note (c):   For working capital, expanding internal capabilities and general corporate purposes.


The remaining balance of the net proceeds was placed in short-term deposits with banks. The Group plans to
gradually apply the remaining net proceeds in the manner set out in the Prospectus.




182     BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND POLICY AND RESERVES


Our Board has adopted a dividend policy. As stated in such policy, we currently intend to retain all available funds
and earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Subject to the applicable law and our Articles, any future determination to
pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may be based on a number of factors, including our
future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. If we pay dividends in the future, in order for us to distribute
dividends to our shareholders and holders of ADSs, we may rely to some extent on any dividends distributed by
our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. This
dividend policy reflects our Board’s current views on our financial and cash flow position. We intend to continue
to review our dividend policy from time to time, and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any
particular amount, if at all, for any given period.


We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. We currently intend
to retain all available funds and earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business and we
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. If we pay dividends in the future, in order
for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders, we will rely to some extent on any dividends distributed by our
PRC subsidiaries. Any dividend distributions from our PRC subsidiaries to us will be subject to PRC withholding
tax. In addition, PRC regulations currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out of accumulated
distributable after-tax profits as determined in accordance with its articles of association and the accounting
standards and regulations in China.


The Board does not recommend any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2019. As at December 31,
2019, the Company had distributable reserves of US$962.1 million (2018: US$1,739.1 million).


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2019
are set out in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity on page 270 and in Note 34 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively.


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2019
are set out in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.


BORROWINGS


The Group had US$240.7 million in outstanding borrowings from banks and other financial institutions as of
December 31, 2019 (2018: US$198.4 million).




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          183
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DONATION


During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group made charitable donations of approximately US$0.07 million
(2018: approximately US$0.09 million).


DEBENTURE ISSUED


The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended December 31, 2019.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS


Pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by and between the Company
and Amgen Inc., the Company issued 206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs on January 2,
2020, representing approximately 20.5% of our outstanding shares to Amgen Inc., for aggregate gross proceeds of
approximately US$2.78 billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS. Further details on the share
purchase agreement are disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated November 1, 2019 and December
9, 2019.


Except as disclosed above and in the section headed “Share Option and Award Schemes”, no equity-linked
agreements were entered into by the Group or existed during the year ended December 31, 2019.


DIRECTORS


The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2019 and up to the date of this annual report
are:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-Executive Directors


Dr. Xiaodong Wang
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper


Independent Non-Executive Directors


Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
Mr. Qingqing Yi


184    BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, with
as nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a
three-year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term,
each Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year
term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2020 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2021 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2022 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal.
Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, the Board’s
nominees for election by the shareholders at the 2020 annual general meeting are the current Class I members:
Mr. John V. Oyler, Mr. Timothy Chen and Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su. Additionally, effective January 2, 2020, Mr.
Anthony C. Hooper was elected to our Board to serve as a Class III director until the 2022 annual general meeting
of shareholders.


The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and considers each of the independent non-executive
Directors are independent.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed
“Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION


Mr. John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, receives no compensation for his service
as a Director. Dr. Xiaodong Wang, our Co-Founder and Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board, also receives no
compensation for his service as a Director.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          185
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


We have adopted an Independent Director Compensation Policy, which was most recently amended on April
13, 2020 by the Board of Directors. The amended Independent Director Compensation Policy is part of a total
compensation package designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high caliber independent
Directors as defined under the listing rule of NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ Listing Rules”). Under the policy, all
independent Directors are paid cash compensation as set forth below:


                                                                                                       Annual Retainer
                                                                                                                  (US$)


Board of Directors:
All independent directors                                                                                       50,000
Audit Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                     22,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                         10,000
Compensation Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                     17,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                           7,500
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                     12,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                           5,000
Commercial Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                     16,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                           7,500
Scientific Advisory Committee:
Chairperson                                                                                                     16,500
Non-Chairperson members                                                                                           7,500


Under our amended Independent Director Compensation Policy, each independent Director as defined under
the NASDAQ Listing Rules will be granted equity awards in the form of share options valued at US$300,000 in
connection with their initial election or appointment to the Board, pro-rated in the first year of service, and annual
equity awards in the form of share options valued at US$300,000 on the date of each annual general meeting of
shareholders. The share options vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of date of grant or the date of the
next annual general meeting, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of specified events in connection
with a change of control of the Company. The options have an exercise price equal to the greater of (i) the fair
market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant and (ii) the average fair market value of the
Company’s ordinary shares over the five trading days preceding the date of grant, in each case as determined in
reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on the NASDAQ. The options are granted under the 2016
Plan and form of award agreement thereunder. In addition, under the terms of the 2016 Plan, the value of all equity
awards and other cash compensation paid to each independent Director for their service as an independent
Director may not exceed US$1,000,000 in any calendar year. We also reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by independent directors in attending board and committee meetings.




186    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


In February 2019, our Compensation Committee adopted share ownership guidelines applicable to our
non-employee Directors and our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, to further align the
interests of the leadership of our Company with those of our shareholders. The share ownership guidelines are as
follows: our Chief Executive Officer must hold equity worth at least six times his annual base salary; our President
must hold equity worth at least three times his annual based salary; each of our other executive officers must hold
equity worth at least one times his or her base salary; and each of our non-employee Directors must hold equity
worth at least five times the annual Board cash retainer. Covered individuals and newly appointed or elected
persons have five years to achieve the ownership guideline.


The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits
in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors for the financial years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019 was approximately US$10.8 million and US$16.5 million, respectively. Details of the
remuneration of Mr. John V. Oyler as chief executive officer of the Company, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as the Company’s
consultant, the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 27, Note 28
and Note 29, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and
there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT         187
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


Employee Agreements with Mr. John V. Oyler


Mr. John V. Oyler and our Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment agreements with
John V. Oyler on April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler
currently receives a base salary of US$700,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with
our Company’s policy. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated between us and certain of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler is
eligible for an annual cash merit bonus, with a current target level of 65% of his base salary, based on performance
as recommended by our Compensation Committee and determined by our Board of Directors. Mr. Oyler’s
employment agreements also provide for certain transportation and international travel benefits and tax preparation
and equalization payments. His employment agreements have an initial three-year term and automatically renew
for additional one-year terms unless either party provides written notice of nonrenewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment
can be terminated by the Company at any time. Mr. Oyler may resign upon sixty days advance notice; so long
as his resignation is not due to his employment with a competing business he may receive payment in lieu of
notice. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we will pay (i) accrued but unpaid base salary
during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation time; (iii) unpaid annual bonus from the previous
calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses incurred, documented and substantiated but not yet reimbursed
(collectively, the “Final Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is terminated by us other than for “cause” (as
defined in his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his employment for “good reason” (as defined in
his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final Compensation, (ii) a lump sum equal to the base
salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as defined below), (iii) the post-termination bonus
calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of days passed through the date of termination,
(iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration by 20 months of the vesting of his initial equity award in 2015
and all of his awards granted commencing in 2017, when he signed his employment agreement (the “accelerated
awards”). The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided that if Mr. Oyler’s employment is terminated without
cause or for good reason during the initial three-year term, the Severance Period will be the greater of 20 months
or the number of the months remaining in the initial three-year term; provided further that if Mr. Oyler’s employment
terminates during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in his employment agreements),
then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides that the unvested portion of
his accelerated awards will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also
prohibit Mr. Oyler from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities during his employment and for 18
months after the termination of his employment.


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


On July 24, 2018, we entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Wang for a term of three years. Under the
consulting agreement, Dr. Wang is entitled to an annual fixed consulting fee of US$100,000 (subject to review and
adjustments by our Board from time to time) and such additional compensation, which, if any, shall be determined
in our sole discretion upon consultation with Dr. Wang.


Except as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the 2020 annual general meeting of
shareholders has a service contract with members of the Group that is not terminable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.




188    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE


Except as disclosed in the sections headed “Directors’ Service Contracts”, “Connected Transaction”, “Related
Party Transaction” and Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report, none of
the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party
subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31, 2019.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY


Pursuant to our Articles and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and held harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
expense losses, damages or liabilities which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of
their duty in their offices, other than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended December 31, 2019. The Company has
taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS


Except as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Service Contracts” in this annual report, no contract
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2019.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES


Except as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2019 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or
any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS


During the year ended December 31, 2019, none of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from the
business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the HK Listing Rules.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT        189
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS


As at December 31, 2019, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and
the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they
were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the
HKEx pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                     Number of          percentage
Name of Director        Nature of interest                                      ordinary shares        of holding (1)


John V. Oyler           Beneficial owner                                            35,294,968(2)            4.44%
                        Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust                   10,000,000(3)            1.26%
                        Settlor of a trust/Interest of a minor child                   102,188   (4)
                                                                                                             0.01%
                        Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust                    7,743,227   (5)
                                                                                                             0.97%
                        Settlor of a trust/Beneficiary of a trust                   29,439,115(6)            3.70%
                        Settlor of a trust                                             510,941   (7)
                                                                                                             0.06%
Xiaodong Wang           Beneficial owner                                            16,494,431(8)            2.07%
                        Interest of a minor child                                      224,372   (9)
                                                                                                             0.03%
                        Interest in controlled corporation                           4,903,998  (10)
                                                                                                             0.62%
                        Interest of spouse                                                   50(11)      0.00001%
Timothy Chen            Beneficial owner                                               505,957(12)           0.06%
Donald W. Glazer        Beneficial owner                                             3,912,393  (13)
                                                                                                             0.49%
Michael Goller          Beneficial owner                                               291,317(14)           0.04%
Ranjeev Krishana        Beneficial owner                                               291,317  (15)
                                                                                                             0.04%
Thomas Malley           Beneficial owner                                             1,204,065(16)           0.15%
Jinh-Shyh (Sam) Su      Beneficial owner                                               127,894  (17)
                                                                                                             0.02%
Qingqing Yi             Beneficial owner                                               282,035  (18)
                                                                                                             0.04%




190    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 795,068,250 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2019.


(2)    Includes (1) 15,581,850 Shares held by Mr. Oyler, (2) Mr. Oyler’s entitlement to receive up to 18,883,180 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Mr.
       Oyler’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 829,938 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(3)    These Shares are held in a Roth IRA PENSCO trust account for the benefit of Mr. Oyler.


(4)    These Shares are held by The John Oyler Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s minor child, of which Mr. Oyler’s father
       is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(5)    These Shares are held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee
       and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(6)    These Shares are held by Oyler Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by a grantor retained annuity trust for
       the benefit of Mr. Oyler, of which Mr. Oyler’s father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(7)    These Shares are held by The Oyler Family Legacy Trust for the benefit of Mr. Oyler’s family members, of which Mr. Oyler ‘s
       father is a trustee and Mr. Oyler is the settlor.


(8)    Includes (1) 7,184,961 Shares held by Dr. Wang, (2) Dr. Wang’s entitlement to receive up to 9,033,851 Shares pursuant to
       the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options, and (3) Dr.
       Wang’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 275,619 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.


(9)    These Shares are held in a Uniform Transfers to Minors Act account for Dr. Wang’s minor child, in which Dr. Wang is
       deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.


(10)   These Shares are held by Wang Investment LLC, the interest of which is 99% owned by two grantor retained annuity trusts,
       of which Dr. Wang’s wife is a trustee and Dr. Wang is the Settlor.


(11)   These ordinary shares are held by Dr. Wang’s spouse, in which Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the
       SFO.


(12)   Includes Mr. Chen’s entitlement to receive up to 505,957 ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options.




                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2019    ANNUAL REPORT              191
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(13)   Includes (1) 3,630,358 ordinary shares held by Mr. Glazer; and (2) Mr. Glazer’s entitlement to receive up to 282,035 ordinary
       shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these
       options.


(14)   Includes (1) 9,282 ordinary shares held by Mr. Goller; and (2) Mr. Goller’s entitlement to receive up to 282,035 ordinary
       shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these
       options.


(15)   Includes (1) 9,282 ordinary shares held by Mr. Krishana and (2) Mr. Krishana’s entitlement to receive up to 282,035 ordinary
       shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these
       options.


(16)   Includes (1) 399,282 ordinary shares held by Mr. Malley and (2) Mr. Malley’s entitlement to receive up to 804,783 ordinary
       shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those
       options.


(17)   Mr. Su is entitled to receive up to 127,894 ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the
       conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options.


(18)   Includes Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 282,035 ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
       subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options.


Except as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2019, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of
the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to
the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




192      BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES


As at December 31, 2019, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                               Number
                                                                                             of Shares/   Approximate
                                                                                             underlying    percentage
Name of Shareholder           Capacity/Nature of interest                                       shares     of holding(1)


Julian C. Baker(2)            Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled corporations/
                              Person having a security interest in shares                161,880,677          20.36%
Felix J. Baker   (2)
                              Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled corporations/
                              Person having a security interest in shares                161,880,677          20.36%
Baker Bros. Advisors
  (GP) LLC(2)                 Investment manager/Other                                   158,919,261          19.99%
Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)    Investment manager/Other                                   158,919,261          19.99%
Baker Brothers Life
  Sciences Capital, L.P.(2)   Interest in controlled corporations/Other                  145,425,622          18.29%
Gaoling Fund, L.P.     (3)
                              Beneficial owner                                               58,995,800         7.42%
Hillhouse Capital
  Advisors, Ltd.(3)           Investment manager                                             63,117,389         7.94%
Fidelity Management &
  Research Company(4)         Interest in controlled corporations                            76,202,408         9.58%
FMR Co., Inc.(4)              Beneficial owner/Interest in controlled corporations           83,572,729       10.51%
FMR LLC(4)                    Interest in controlled corporations                            77,376,736         9.73%
The Capital Group
  Companies, Inc.(5)          Interest in controlled corporations                            79,517,513       10.00%




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2019    ANNUAL REPORT        193
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:


(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 795,068,250 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2019.


(2)   Julian C. Baker and Felix J. Baker are the managing members of Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC. Baker Bros. Advisors (GP)
      LLC is the sole general partner of Baker Bros. Advisors LP, which is the investment advisor with sole voting and investment
      power to 667, L.P. and Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. Also, Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P. is the general
      partner of Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. For the purposes of the SFO, Julian C. Baker, Felix J. Baker, Baker Bros.
      Advisors (GP) LLC and Baker Bros. Advisors LP are deemed to be interested in the 16,319,660 ordinary shares held by 667,
      L.P. and the 145,425,622 ordinary shares held by Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. Each of Julian C. Baker and Felix J.
      Baker further holds 92,326 ordinary shares, and 43,069 ordinary shares through FBB3 LLC, a controlled corporation.


(3)   (i) 58,995,800 ordinary shares are held by Gaoling Fund, L.P.; (ii) 4,121,589 ordinary shares are held by YHG Investment,
      L.P.; and (iii) 13,445,978 ordinary shares are held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. acts
      as the sole general partner of YHG Investment, L.P. and the sole management company of Gaoling Fund, L.P.. Hillhouse
      Capital Management, Ltd. is the sole management company of Hillhouse Fund II, L.P., which owns Hillhouse BGN Holdings
      Limited. Under the SFO, Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 58,995,800 ordinary shares held
      by Gaoling Fund, L.P., the 4,121,589 ordinary shares held by YHG Investment, L.P. and Hillhouse Capital Management,
      Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 13,445,978 ordinary shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited. Under the
      SFO, Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. is deemed to be interested in the 13,445,978 ordinary shares held by Hillhouse BGN Holdings
      Limited..


(4)   Members of the Johnson family including Abigail P. Johnson, are the predominant owners, directly or through trusts, of
      series B voting common shares of FMR LLC, representing 49% of the voting power of FMR LLC. The Johnson family group
      and all other Series B shareholders have entered into a shareholders’ voting agreement under which all Series B voting
      common shares will be voted in accordance with the majority vote of Series B voting common shares.


      Fidelity Management & Research Company is interested in 76,202,408 Shares, of which 69,720,508 Shares are physically
      settled listed derivatives. Its controlled corporations FMR Co., Inc is directly interested in 74,641,468 Shares and indirectly
      interested in 8,931,261 Shares. FMR Co., Inc is wholly owned by Fidelity Management & Research Company. Fidelity
      Management & Research Company is wholly owned by FMR LLC.


(5)   (i) 14,360,919 ordinary shares are held by Capital International, Inc.; (ii) 649,636 ordinary shares held by Capital International
      Limited; (iii) 1,911,659 ordinary shares are held by Capital International Sarl; and (iv) 60,463,559 ordinary shares are held by
      Capital Research and Management Company; and (v) 2,131,740 ordinary shares are held by Capital Bank & Trust Company.


      Capital Group International, Inc. is wholly owned by Capital Research and Management Company. Capital International, Inc.,
      Capital International Limited and Capital International Sarl are wholly owned by Capital Group International, Inc. Capital Bank
      & Trust Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. For the purposes of the SFO, Capital Research and
      Management Company and Capital Group International, Inc. are deemed to be interested in the 16,922,214 ordinary shares held
      by Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited and Capital International Sarl, and The Capital Group Companies, Inc.
      is deemed to be interested in the 2,131,740 ordinary shares held by Capital Bank & Trust Company.


      Capital Research and Management Company is wholly owned by The Capital Group Companies Inc. For the purposes of
      the SFO, The Capital Group Companies Inc. is deemed to be interested in the 77,385,773 ordinary shares held by Capital
      Research and Management Company directly and indirectly.


Except as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2019, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other
than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




194      BEIGENE, LTD.        •     2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE OPTION AND AWARD SCHEMES


1.       2011 Option Plan


         The 2011 Plan was approved by the Board on April 15, 2011 and most recently amended on April 17, 2015.
         The terms of the 2011 Plan are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules, as our
         Board determined not to grant any further options under the 2011 Plan after February 2, 2016 when the 2016
         Plan became effective.


         As at December 31, 2019, the Company had conditionally granted options to 240 participants under the 2011
         Plan. All of the options under the 2011 Plan were granted between May 20, 2011 and January 31, 2016 (both
         days inclusive). The exercise price of all of the options granted under the 2011 Plan is between US$0.01 and
         US$1.85 per Share.


         Further details of the 2011 Plan are set out in the Prospectus.


         As at January 1, 2019, 18,359,710 shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2011
         Plan, and as at December 31, 2019, 15,089,586 shares were outstanding under the 2011 Plan. Details of the
         movements of the options granted under the 2011 Plan from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019 are as
         follows:

                                                                                                                              Number of options
                                                                                                                                                  Cancelled/
                                                                                                  Outstanding      Granted         Exercised         Lapsed     Outstanding
                                                                                                         as of   during the        during the     during the           as of
                                                                                       Exercise    January 1,    Reporting         Reporting       Reporting   December 31,
Name of grantee     Role                       Date of grant     Option period            price          2019        Period            Period         Period           2019

                    Directors of the Company

Xiaodong Wang       Non-executive Director     May 20, 2011     10 years from          US$0.01         88,235            –                 –              –          88,235
                                                                the date of grant
                                               April 3, 2013    10 years from          US$0.01        879,267            –                 –              –         879,267
                                                                the date of grant
                                               June 29, 2015    10 years from          US$0.50        500,000            –                 –              –         500,000
                                                                the date of grant
Thomas Malley       Independent                January 25, 2016 10 years from          US$1.85        552,752            –                 –               –        552,752
                    Non-executive Director                      the date of grant

                    Senior Management of the Company

Howard Liang        Chief Financial Officer    June 29, 2015     10 years from         US$0.50      4,445,000            –           650,000               –       3,795,000
                    and Chief                                    the date of grant
                    Strategy Officer
                    Other grantees
In aggregate                                   Between          10 years from           Between    11,894,456            –         2,612,259          7,865        9,274,332
                                               May 20, 2011 and the date of grant       US$0.01
                                               January 31, 2016                      to US$1.85

Total                                                                                              18,359,710            –         3,262,259          7,865      15,089,586




                                                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.             •    2019          ANNUAL REPORT                    195
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


2.    Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan


      The 2016 Plan was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
      2018 to amend and restate the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company on
      January 14, 2016. As of the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for option grants
      under the 2016 Plan was 30,980,104 Shares, representing 3.1% of the issued share capital of the Company.


      In order to continue to provide incentive opportunities under the 2016 Plan, our Board has approved, subject
      to shareholder approval, an amendment to the 2016 Plan (the “Amendment No. 1”) to increase the number of
      authorized Shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan and to extend the term of the 2016 Plan through
      2030, as further described in our circular for the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders.


      Purpose

      The 2016 Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to use various equity-based incentive and other
      awards as compensation tools to attract, retain and motivate our (and our subsidiaries’) workforce. These
      tools include share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, unrestricted
      shares, performance share awards, cash-based awards and dividend equivalent rights.


      Eligible Participants

      Full-time and part-time officers, employees, non-employee Directors and other key persons (including
      consultants) as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the
      2016 Plan.


      Maximum Number of Shares

      The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2016 Plan and our other
      equity plans may not exceed 10% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of December 7, 2018 and the
      aggregate number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to
      be exercised under the 2016 Plan and outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under any other
      plan of the Company at any time may not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


      Limit of Each Grantee

      Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
      issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2016 Plan and any other
      equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in
      issue at the date of any grant.




196     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Option Period

Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
each option may be exercised.


Exercise Price

The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
(ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
preceding the date of grant.


Consideration

No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2016 Plan.


Expiration of the 2016 Plan

The 2016 Plan will expire on November 7, 2028.


Movements in the 2016 Plan

As at December 31, 2019, the Company has conditionally granted options to 751 participants under the 2016
Plan. All of the options under the 2016 Plan were granted between February 8, 2016 and December 31, 2019
(both days inclusive). The exercise price of all the options granted under the 2016 Plan is between US$0.5 and
US$16.15 per Share.


Further details of the 2016 Plan are set out in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT       197
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          As at January 1, 2019, 82,442,867 shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2016
          Plan, and as at December 31, 2019, 78,047,598 shares were outstanding under the 2016 Plan. Details of the
          movements of the options granted from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                         Cancelled/
                                                                                                  Price on                                Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                  Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding    during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                                        day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January    Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee           Role             Date of grant      Option period                 grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019       Period           Period          Period        2019

                  Directors of the Company

John V. Oyler     Executive       November 16,        10 years from date of       US$2.79              N/A     US$2.84     2,047,500            –                –               –     2,047,500
                  Director,       2016 (3)            grant
                  Chairman and
                  Chief Executive
                  Officer
                                  September 27,       10 years from date of       US$6.73              N/A     US$7.70       935,000            –                –               –       935,000
                                  2017(3)             grant
                                  April 30, 2018(3)   10 years from date of      US$13.37              N/A    US$13.04       996,810            –                –               –       996,810
                                                      grant
                                   June 26, 2018(3)   10 years from date of      US$12.70              N/A    US$12.34     1,310,088            –                –               –     1,310,088
                                                      grant
                                   June 5, 2019       10 years from date of       US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –    2,193,282                –               –     2,193,282
                                                      grant
Xiaodong Wang     Non-executive November 16,          10 years from the date      US$2.79              N/A     US$2.84     1,613,430            –                –               –     1,613,430
                  Director      2016(3)               of grant
                                September 27,         10 years from the date      US$6.73              N/A     US$7.70       750,000            –                –               –       750,000
                                2017(3)               of grant
                                June 26, 2018(3)      10 years from the date     US$12.70              N/A    US$12.34       655,044            –                –               –       655,044
                                                      of grant
                                   June 5, 2019       10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –      747,708                –               –       747,708
                                                      of grant
Timothy Chen     Independent February 8, 2016(4)      10 years from the date      US$2.61        US$11.06      US$2.42       460,626            –          102,700               –       357,926
                 Non-executive                        of grant
                 Director
                               June 2, 2017(5)   10 years from the date           US$2.94        US$14.60      US$3.15       169,988            –          104,000               –        65,988
                                                 of grant
                               June 6, 2018(5)   10 years from the date          US$15.73              N/A    US$16.15        17,442            –                –               –        17,442
                                                 of grant
                               June 5, 2019      10 years from the date           US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –       64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                 of grant
Donald W. Glazer Independent April 19, 2017(4)   10 years from the date           US$2.84              N/A     US$2.83       199,992            –                –               –       199,992
                 Non-executive                   of grant
                 Director
                               June 6, 2018(5)   10 years from the date          US$15.73              N/A    US$16.15        17,442            –                –               –        17,442
                                                 of grant
                               June 5, 2019      10 years from the date           US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –       64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                 of grant




198             BEIGENE, LTD.                 •       2019       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                         Cancelled/
                                                                                                 Price on                                 Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                 Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding     during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                                       day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January     Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee            Role            Date of grant     Option period                 grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019        Period           Period          Period        2019

                   Directors of the Company

Michael Goller     Independent April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the date      US$2.84              N/A     US$2.83       199,992             –                –               –       199,992
                   Non-executive                     of grant
                   Director
                                 June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date     US$15.73              N/A    US$16.15        17,442             –                –               –        17,442
                                                     of grant
                                   June 5, 2019      10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –        64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                     of grant
Ranjeev Krishana   Independent April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the date      US$2.84              N/A     US$2.83       199,992             –                –               –       199,992
                   Non-executive                     of grant
                   Director
                                   June 6, 2018(5)   10 years from the date     US$15.73              N/A    US$16.15        17,442             –                –               –        17,442
                                                     of grant
                                   June 5, 2019      10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –        64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                     of grant
Thomas Malley      Independent June 2, 2017(5)       10 years from the date      US$2.94              N/A     US$3.15       169,988             –                –               –       169,988
                   Non-executive                     of grant
                   Director
                                 June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date     US$15.73              N/A    US$16.15        17,442             –                –               –        17,442
                                                     of grant
                                   June 5, 2019      10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –        64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                     of grant
Jing-Shyh          Independent April 1, 2018(4)      10 years from the date     US$12.92              N/A    US$12.72        63,290             –                –               –        63,290
  (Sam) Su         Non-executive                     of grant
                   Director
                                 June 5, 2019        10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –        64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                     of grant
Qingqing Yi        Independent April 19, 2017(4)     10 years from the date      US$2.84              N/A     US$2.83       199,992             –                –               –       199,992
                   Non-executive                     of grant
                   Director
                                 June 6, 2018(5)     10 years from the date     US$15.73              N/A    US$16.15        17,442             –                –               –        17,442
                                                     of grant
                                   June 5, 2019      10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –        64,610                –               –        64,610
                                                     of grant




                                                                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.                •      2019          ANNUAL REPORT                       199
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                   Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/
                                                                                                Price on                                Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding    during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                                      day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January    Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee        Role             Date of grant       Option period                 grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019       Period           Period          Period        2019


               Senior Management of the Company


Howard Liang   Chief Financial November 16,         10 years from the date      US$2.79              N/A     US$2.84     1,752,500            –                –               –     1,752,500
               Officer and     2016(3)              of grant
               Chief Strategy
               Officer
                               June 29, 2017(3)     10 years from the date      US$3.50              N/A     US$3.45     1,250,000            –                –               –     1,250,000
                                                    of grant
                                June 26, 2018(3)    10 years from the date     US$12.70              N/A    US$12.34       364,208            –                –               –       364,208
                                                    of grant
                                June 5, 2019        10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –      558,285                –               –       558,285
                                                    of grant
Jane Huang     Chief medical    September 2,        10 years from the date      US$2.26        US$13.72      US$2.27     1,328,500            –          750,425               –       578,075
               Officer,         2016(3)             of grant
               Hematology
                                June 27, 2017(3)    10 years from the date      US$3.50        US$10.65      US$3.49       980,465            –          130,000               –       850,465
                                                    of grant
                                June 26, 2018(3)    10 years from the date     US$12.70              N/A    US$12.34       310,180            –                –               –       310,180
                                                    of grant
                                June 5, 2019        10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –      462,579                –               –       462,579
                                                    of grant
Xiaobin Wu     General          April 30, 2018(6)   10 years from the date     US$13.37              N/A    US$13.04       766,599            –                –               –       766,599
               Manager,                             of grant
               China and
               President
                                June 5, 2019        10 years from the date      US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –      797,550                –               –       797,550
                                                    of grant




200          BEIGENE, LTD.                 •        2019       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                           Cancelled/
                                                                                                   Price on                                 Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                   Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding     during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                                         day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January     Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee        Role             Date of grant          Option period                 grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019        Period           Period          Period        2019


               Other grantees


In Aggregate                    July 13, 2016(3)       10 years from the date      US$2.27        US$14.65     US$2.29     9,377,219              –        1,436,968               –     7,940,251
                                                       of grant
                                July 22, 2016(3)                                   US$2.13        US$13.71     US$2.10      1,305,621             –          617,240               –       688,381
                                July 22, 2016(6)                                   US$2.13        US$12.88     US$2.10      2,966,927             –          490,165          49,486     2,427,276
                                July 29, 2016(3)                                   US$2.11        US$13.92     US$2.02        266,877             –           80,067               –       186,810
                                August 9, 2016(3)                                  US$2.04        US$10.48     US$2.10        127,000             –           71,448               –        55,552
                                August 22, 2016(3)                                 US$2.28        US$11.11     US$2.24        819,988             –          195,000               –       624,988
                                September 12,                                      US$2.33         US$9.53     US$2.42         26,374             –           10,309               –        16,065
                                2016(3)
                                September 19,                                      US$2.51        US$11.25     US$2.38        168,563             –           57,564               –       110,999
                                2016(3)
                                September 26,                                      US$2.35        US$12.21     US$2.27         74,325             –           39,000               –        35,325
                                2016(3)
                                October 12, 2016(3)                                US$2.48        US$13.40     US$2.42        277,498             –           39,000               –       238,498
                                October 12, 2016(6)                                US$2.48            N/A      US$0.50          9,340             –                –               –         9,340
                                October 17, 2016(3)                                US$2.42            N/A      US$2.55         89,999             –                –               –        89,999
                                November 1, 2016(3)                                US$2.56        US$11.05     US$2.57        341,978             –          153,400          60,489       128,089
                                November 7, 2016(3)                                US$2.43        US$15.82     US$2.46        309,998             –           11,050               –       298,948
                                November 8, 2016(3)                                US$2.46        US$13.74     US$2.51         91,195             –           47,736               –        43,459
                                November 16,                                       US$2.79        US$13.08     US$2.84        109,993             –           32,500               –        77,493
                                2016(3)
                                November 21,                                       US$2.46        US$13.74     US$2.42        694,005             –          454,922               –       239,083
                                2016(3)
                                November 28,                                       US$2.49      US$110.73      US$2.38        190,983             –           77,376               –       113,607
                                2016(3)
                                November 30,                                       US$2.43              N/A    US$2.44         15,990             –                –               –        15,990
                                2016(3)
                                December 1, 2016(3)                                US$2.44        US$12.93     US$2.37        376,558             –          188,097               –       188,461
                                December 9, 2016(3)                                US$2.07            N/A      US$2.09        119,990             –                –               –       119,990
                                December 27,                                       US$2.31        US$10.77     US$2.28        180,141             –           14,976         165,165             –
                                2016(3)
                                January 3, 2017(3)                                 US$2.34        US$14.02     US$2.39        241,969             –          109,954               –       132,015
                                January 5, 2017(3)                                 US$2.44            N/A      US$2.39        309,998             –                –               –       309,998
                                January 9, 2017(3)                                 US$2.37        US$12.26     US$2.43        437,996             –          188,500               –       249,496
                                January 17, 2017(3)                                US$2.51        US$11.32     US$2.53        197,041             –          105,625          60,099        31,317
                                January 17, 2017(6)                                US$2.51        US$12.16     US$2.53        286,338             –           66,339           6,838       213,161
                                January 23, 2017(3)                                US$2.46        US$12.38     US$2.49        273,182             –           34,814               –       238,368
                                January 30, 2017(3)                                US$2.80        US$13.14     US$2.62        138,801             –           52,494               –        86,307
                                February 1, 2017(3)                                US$2.68        US$14.64     US$2.77      1,046,981             –          450,125         180,180       416,676
                                February 6, 2017(3)                                US$2.76        US$15.30     US$2.76        139,997             –           34,996               –       105,001
                                February 8, 2017(3)                                US$2.67        US$10.72     US$2.78          9,074             –            4,225               –         4,849
                                February 13, 2017(3)                               US$2.77        US$12.84     US$2.77        649,493             –           80,600               –       568,893




                                                                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.                •      2019          ANNUAL REPORT                       201
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                                                                                              Cancelled/
                                                                                       Price on                                Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                       Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding    during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                             day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January    Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee     Role             Date of grant          Option period        grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019       Period           Period          Period        2019


            Other grantees


                             February 15, 2017(3)                      US$2.89        US$11.15     US$3.11         92,092            –           34,528          57,564             –
                             February 27, 2017(3)                      US$2.97        US$11.59     US$2.93        940,158            –          387,907          54,455       497,796
                             March 6, 2017(3)                          US$3.14         US$9.88     US$3.06        292,175            –           75,647          73,476       143,052
                             March 13, 2017(3)                         US$3.08            N/A      US$3.02        312,689            –                –               –       312,689
                             March 20, 2017(3)                         US$3.04        US$13.77     US$3.04        356,993            –           37,895               –       319,098
                             March 27, 2017(3)                         US$2.79        US$13.40     US$2.79        419,835            –          189,462               –       230,373
                             March 30, 2017(3)                         US$2.83        US$10.10     US$2.81        352,495            –          168,012         184,483             –
                             March 31, 2017(6)                         US$2.81        US$13.34     US$2.82        482,560            –          123,929           4,316       354,315
                             April 3, 2017(3)                          US$2.82         US$9.95     US$2.82        306,488            –          132,808         148,681        24,999
                             April 10, 2017(3)                         US$2.86        US$13.17     US$2.91        410,995            –          173,160               –       237,835
                             April 11, 2017(3)                         US$2.91            N/A      US$2.95        149,994            –                –               –       149,994
                             April 17, 2017(3)                         US$2.92        US$11.76     US$2.95        925,951            –          218,803         298,038       409,110
                             April 24, 2017(3)                         US$2.82        US$14.68     US$2.89        127,933            –           20,592               –       107,341
                             April 26, 2017(3)                         US$3.01        US$13.77     US$3.09        144,989            –           28,171               –       116,818
                             May 1, 2017(3)                            US$3.14        US$11.29     US$3.13      1,136,808            –          129,233          29,806       977,769
                             May 2, 2017(6)                            US$3.13        US$14.36     US$3.12        548,639            –          164,294          21,632       362,713
                             May 3, 2017(3)                            US$3.12        US$11.53     US$3.12        106,636            –           36,189               –        70,447
                             May 8, 2017(3)                            US$3.02        US$13.25     US$2.98        390,023            –          170,531               –       219,492
                             May 10, 2017(3)                           US$2.88        US$13.22     US$2.92         96,393            –           41,936               –        54,457
                             May 15, 2017(3)                           US$2.81        US$12.69     US$2.90        418,743            –          226,057               –       192,686
                             May 30, 2017(3)                           US$2.88        US$13.93     US$2.88        408,928            –          216,424               –       192,504
                             June 1, 2017(6)                           US$2.83        US$14.46     US$2.94      1,708,538            –          102,219           3,666     1,602,653
                             June 12, 2017(3)                          US$2.99        US$14.24     US$3.00        160,095            –           49,127               –       110,968
                             June 14, 2017(3)                          US$3.04        US$12.22     US$3.05      2,700,018            –          512,291         145,089     2,042,638
                             June 15, 2017(6)                          US$3.05        US$12.58     US$3.04      8,266,700            –        1,294,878         164,424     6,807,398
                             June 21, 2017(3)                          US$3.31        US$14.69     US$3.45        144,989            –           46,722               –        98,267
                             June 23, 2017(3)                          US$3.41        US$15.41     US$3.45        130,000            –           37,180          56,940        35,880
                             June 26, 2017(3)                          US$3.45        US$12.07     US$3.50         99,996            –           60,359          39,637             –
                             June 27, 2017(3)                          US$3.50        US$11.74     US$3.49      6,401,742            –          487,526         613,991     5,300,225
                             June 29, 2017(3)                          US$3.50        US$11.07     US$3.45        224,627            –           88,595               –       136,032
                             July 6, 2017(3)                           US$4.02        US$10.54     US$5.10        109,993            –           45,799          64,194             –
                             July 10, 2017(3)                          US$5.40        US$11.43     US$5.45        346,853            –           75,257               –       271,596
                             July 17, 2017(3)                          US$5.67        US$15.36     US$4.19        247,494            –           81,692               –       165,802
                             July 17, 2017(6)                          US$5.67        US$13.25     US$4.19      1,126,073            –          169,546          45,201       911,326
                             July 24, 2017(3)                          US$5.95        US$14.65     US$5.65          9,009            –            3,952               –         5,057
                             July 31, 2017(3)                          US$5.58        US$13.38     US$5.42        294,996            –           78,000               –       216,996
                             July 31, 2017(6)                          US$5.58        US$13.69     US$5.42        970,528            –          158,899          21,333       790,296
                             August 1, 2017(3)                         US$5.42            N/A      US$5.58      1,300,000            –                –               –     1,300,000
                             August 2, 2017(6)                         US$5.58        US$16.00     US$5.45        180,193            –           26,845               –       153,348
                             August 3, 2017(3)                         US$5.45            N/A      US$5.51         19,994            –                –               –        19,994




202       BEIGENE, LTD.                •         2019          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                                                                                             Cancelled/
                                                                                     Price on                                 Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                     Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding     during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                           day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January     Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee   Role             Date of grant          Option period        grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019        Period           Period          Period        2019


          Other grantees


                           August 7, 2017(3)                         US$5.56            N/A       US$5.95       424,996             –                –               –       424,996
                           August 8, 2017(3)                         US$5.95        US$12.90      US$6.03        54,990             –           30,901               –        24,089
                           August 10, 2017(3)                        US$5.95        US$13.41      US$5.59       124,995             –           70,200               –        54,795
                           August 11, 2017(3)                        US$5.59        US$12.63      US$5.46       234,988             –          114,179               –       120,809
                           August 17, 2017(3)                        US$5.39        US$15.49      US$5.32       844,974             –          173,745               –       671,229
                           August 25, 2017(3)                        US$5.38        US$12.76      US$5.29       179,985             –           68,393          32,851        78,741
                           August 28, 2017(3)                        US$5.29        US$12.36      US$5.28       254,982             –           36,400               –       218,582
                           August 31, 2017(3)                        US$5.30            N/A       US$5.30       312,000             –                –               –       312,000
                           August 31, 2017(6)                        US$5.30        US$12.12      US$5.30     1,042,132             –          241,904         219,492       580,736
                           September 5, 2017(3)                      US$5.78        US$14.31      US$5.68       339,976             –            5,798               –       334,178
                           September 12,                             US$5.39            N/A       US$5.43       109,993             –                –               –       109,993
                           2017(3)
                           September 13,                             US$5.43        US$14.32      US$5.82       109,993             –           57,239               –        52,754
                           2017(3)
                           September 18,                             US$6.22        US$15.72      US$6.37        54,990             –            3,900               –        51,090
                           2017(3)
                           September 22,                             US$6.53        US$15.38      US$6.55       476,229             –            6,500               –       469,729
                           2017 (3)
                           September 25,                             US$6.55        US$12.36      US$6.56       379,977             –           58,786          42,211       278,980
                           2017(3)
                           September 26,                             US$6.56        US$15.21      US$8.71       286,988             –          143,117               –       143,871
                           2017 (3)
                           September 29,                             US$7.49              N/A     US$7.96       199,992             –                –               –       199,992
                           2017(3)
                           November 1, 2017(3)                       US$7.10        US$13.20      US$6.84       843,947             –          137,657               –       706,290
                           November 30,                              US$6.38        US$15.13      US$6.15       109,993             –           31,174               –        78,819
                           2017(3)
                           January 5, 2018(3)                        US$7.72        US$15.28      US$7.58       299,988             –           97,500               –       202,488
                           January 31, 2018(3)                       US$9.52            N/A      US$10.44       124,490             –                –               –       124,490
                           February 28, 2018(3)                     US$11.61            N/A      US$11.04        32,604             –                –               –        32,604
                           April 30, 2018(3)                        US$13.37        US$15.68     US$13.04       159,458             –           24,869          66,443        68,146
                           May 31, 2018(3)                          US$14.98            N/A      US$15.39        56,500             –                –          56,500             –
                           June 26, 2018(3)                         US$12.70        US$14.57     US$12.34     3,177,527             –           38,766         429,353     2,709,408
                           June 29, 2018(3)                         US$11.90            N/A      US$11.83        80,966             –                –               –        80,966
                           August 31, 2018(3)                       US$13.67        US$16.00     US$13.66       141,570             –            1,066               –       140,504
                           September 28,                            US$13.28            N/A      US$13.25       104,693             –                –               –       104,693
                           2018(3)
                           November 30,                             US$11.07              N/A    US$11.79        43,827             –                –               –        43,827
                           2018(3)
                           December 31,                             US$10.53              N/A    US$10.79       471,501             –                –           4,580       466,921
                           2018(3)




                                                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.                •      2019          ANNUAL REPORT                       203
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                                                                           Number of options
                                                                                                                                                               Cancelled/
                                                                                        Price on                                Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                        Price on     day prior to   Exercise   Outstanding    during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                              day prior to       exercise     (Grant)    as January    Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee         Role             Date of grant       Option period        grant(1)        date(2)      price        1, 2019       Period           Period          Period        2019


                Other grantees


                                 January 25, 2019                       US$9.62              N/A    US$10.44             –       143,806               –               –       143,806
                                 February 28, 2019                     US$10.77              N/A    US$10.54             –       348,426               –               –       348,426
                                 March 5, 2019                         US$11.68              N/A    US$11.51             –        98,735               –               –        98,735
                                 May 10, 2019                           US$9.33              N/A    US$10.32             –        92,846               –          48,633        44,213
                                 June 5, 2019                           US$9.25              N/A     US$9.23             –     6,212,999               –         119,439     6,093,569
                                 June 28, 2019                          US$9.67              N/A     US$9.53             –       239,304               –               –       239,304
                                 August 30, 2019                       US$11.14              N/A    US$11.06             –       200,148               –               –       200,148
                                 November 29, 2019                     US$15.71              N/A    US$15.83             –        39,221               –               –        39,221
                                 December 31, 2019                     US$12.80              N/A    US$12.92             –        54,431               –               –        54,431


Total                                                                                                           82,442,867    12,641,590      13,468,174       3,568,685    78,047,598


          (1)   The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
                to the grant date.


          (2)   The stated price was the weighted-average closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading
                day immediately prior to the date which the options were exercised.


          (3)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 75% become
                exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                following the vest of the initial 25%.


          (4)   One-third of the options become exercisable on each anniversary of the grant date.

          (5)   100% of the options become exercisable on the 1st anniversary of the grant date.


          (6)   20% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 80% become
                exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                following the vest of the initial 20%.




204         BEIGENE, LTD.                  •     2019           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.   Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


     The 2018 ESPP was approved by our Board on November 7, 2018 and by our shareholders on December 7,
     2018 to amend and restate the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on
     June 6, 2018. The 2018 ESPP is not a share option scheme subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the HK
     Listing Rules.


     As at December 31, 2019, 388,765 Shares had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the
     2018 ESPP.


     Summary

     The 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our Shares (including in the form of ADSs) at a 15%
     discount to the market price of our Shares or ADSs. Employees would purchase our Shares or ADSs at the
     end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period.


     The 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of our Compensation Committee, which has the authority
     to interpret the provisions of the 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in
     administering it.


     All employees of our Company and participating subsidiaries who have completed at least six months of
     employment at the beginning of each offering period are eligible to participate in the 2018 ESPP, other than
     employees who would own 5% or more of the voting power of our Shares after exercising their rights to
     purchase Shares under the 2018 ESPP.


     To participate in the 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount not less
     than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her “eligible earnings” (i.e., gross cash compensation, including
     regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by our Compensation
     Committee) to a maximum of US$25,000 per year, but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances
     and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gain on the
     exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT   205
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1
      and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the
      open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85%
      of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the first local business day of the offering period or the
      last local business day of the offering period, whichever is lower.


      If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period,
      the employee’s option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee’s account is returned to
      the employee.


      In the event of a recapitalization, reclassification, share split, reverse split, combination of shares, exchange
      of shares, share dividend, or similar event, the number and kind of shares that may be purchased under the
      2018 ESPP will be adjusted proportionately such that the proportionate interest of participating employees
      remains the same, to the extent practicable. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will
      be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed or
      substituted, the offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by
      setting a new exercise date prior to the date of the change in control.


4.    Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan


      On June 6, 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Inducement Plan and reserved 12,000,000 Shares to be
      used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not previously employees of the Company or its
      subsidiaries, as an inducement to the individual’s entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries.
      The 2018 Inducement Plan was approved by the Board upon recommendation of the Compensation
      Committee. On August 7, 2018, the Company amended the 2018 Inducement Plan to comply with Chapter 17
      of the HK Listing Rules.


      As at December 31, 2019, the Company has conditionally granted options to two participants under the 2018
      Inducement Plan. All the options under the 2018 Inducement Plan were granted on August 31, 2018. The
      exercise price of all the options granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan was US$13.66. As of the date of
      this annual report, the total number of Shares available for option grants under the 2018 Inducement Plan was
      8,907,209 Shares, representing 0.9% of the issued share capital of the Company.


      Further details of the 2018 Inducement Plan are set out in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.




206    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          As at December 31, 2019, 79,404 shares were outstanding pursuant to options granted under the 2018
          Inducement Plan. Details of the movements of the options granted on August 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                              Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                  Cancelled/
                                                                                          Price on                                 Granted        Exercised          Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                          Price on     day prior to              Outstanding     during the       during the      during the        as of
Name of                                                                day prior to       exercise    Exercise    as January     Reporting        Reporting        Reporting December 31,
grantee         Role       Date of grant      Option period                 grant(1)          date       price        1, 2018        Period           Period          Period        2018


                Grantees


In aggregate               August 31, 2018(2) 10 years from the date     US$13.67              N/A    US$13.66             –        79,404                –               –        79,404
                                              of grant


Total                                                                                                                      –        79,404                –               –        79,404


          (1)   The stated price was the closing price as quoted on the NASDAQ, divided by 13, on the trading day immediately prior
                to the grant date.


          (2)   25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date. The remaining 75% become
                exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments, each of which shall become exercisable on the last day of each month
                following the vest of the initial 25%.


          Purpose

          The 2018 Inducement Plan provides the Company with the flexibility to grant equity awards to induce
          highly-qualified prospective officers and employees who are not currently employed by the Company or
          its Subsidiaries to accept employment and to provide them with a proprietary interest in the Company. It is
          anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification
          of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the
          Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company.


          Eligible Participants

          Full-time and part-time employees of the Company and its subsidiaries for whom the Company may issue
          securities without shareholder approval in accordance with Rule 5635 (c) (4) of the Marketplace Rules of the
          NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., as selected from time to time by our Compensation Committee, are eligible to
          participate in the 2018 Inducement Plan.


          Maximum Number of Shares

          The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2018 Inducement Plan is
          12,000,000.




                                                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.                •      2019          ANNUAL REPORT                       207
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Expiration of the 2018 Inducement Plan

      The 2018 Inducement Plan remains in effect until discontinued by the Board.


      Limit of Each Grantee

      Unless approved by our shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be
      issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be granted under the 2018 Inducement Plan and
      any other equity plans of the Company to a grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
      Shares in issue at the date of any grant.


      Option Period

      Our Compensation Committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
      option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
      option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of our Compensation Committee
      such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.


      The term of each share option will be fixed by our Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10
      years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will
      automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times
      each option may be exercised.


      Exercise Price

      The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our Compensation Committee but may not be
      less than the higher of: (i) 1/13th of the closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ on the date of grant; and
      (ii) 1/13th of the average closing price of one ADS on the NASDAQ for the five business days immediately
      preceding the date of grant.


      Consideration

      No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the 2018 Inducement
      Plan.




208    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS


There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under our Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION


The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES


In 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
securities listed on the HKEx.


AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal controls to ensure that our internal control system is
effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. Currently, the Audit
Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su and Mr.
Timothy Chen. Each of our Audit Committee members is an independent non-executive director. Mr. Thomas Malley
is the chairman of the Audit Committee. Effective May 1, 2019, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su replaced Mr. Qingqing Yi as
a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su is an independent non-executive director. Effective May
1, 2020, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper will replace Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su as a member of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Group for the
year ended December 31, 2019. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with members of senior management and the
external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HK LISTING RULES


The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the HK Listing
Rules.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT         209
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PUBLIC FLOAT


As at April 13, 2020 and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of
the Directors of the Company, the Company has maintained the minimum public float required by the HKEx.


AUDITORS


The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEx since August 8, 2018, and there has been
no change in auditors in 2019.


The consolidated financial statements of the Group for Hong Kong financial reporting and United States financial
reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP respectively, both will retire and,
being eligible, offer themselves for respective re-appointment at the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders.




On behalf of the Board
John V. Oyler
Chairman


Hong Kong
April 13, 2020




210    BEIGENE, LTD.      •      2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2019.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES


The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to the Company’s shareholders.


The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.


In 2019, the Company has applied the principles in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
Report (the “Corporate Governance Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the HK Listing Rules which are applicable
to the Company.


Pursuant to code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected
to comply with, but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the responsibilities of the Chairman and the
Chief Executive Officer should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not
have a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles.
Our Board believes that Mr. John V. Oyler is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus
of the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer.
Our Board also believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the effective
execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. Our
Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a
time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Group as a whole. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure
of the Company based upon its view of what is in the best interest of the Company. Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles or if the
Chairman does not otherwise qualify as independent, the independent Directors may elect a Lead Director. In
accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the independent Directors elected Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, an
independent non-executive director of the Company, to serve as the Lead Director, effective February 26, 2020. The
Board believes our current Board leadership structure will help ensure continuity of strong and effective leadership.
The Lead Director has responsibilities that are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including presiding
at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent
Directors; consulting with management regarding Board meeting schedules, locations, agendas and materials; and
calling meetings of the independent and non-management Directors of the Board, when appropriate.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           211
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Audit Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code
set out in Appendix 14 to the HK Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraphs C.3.3 and
C.3.7 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Audit Committee complies with the NASDAQ
Listing Rules and the rules of the SEC. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, among other things, to
monitor the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as
they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over
financial reporting, and review all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving
all such transactions. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Thomas Malley, Mr. Timothy Chen and Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su. Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman of the audit
committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules. Effective May
1, 2020, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper will replace Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su as a member of the Audit Committee.


Our Compensation Committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the HK Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the HK Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by
paragraph B.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Compensation Committee
complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Compensation Committee are to review
and make recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation, evaluate the performance of
our Chief Executive Officer, President and General Manager, China, and Chief Financial Officer and review and
make recommendations to the Board regarding the terms of their compensation, and review and approve the
compensation of our other executive officers and senior management. The Compensation Committee comprises
Mr. Qingqing Yi, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Timothy Chen. Mr. Qingqing Yi is the chairman of the Compensation
Committee.


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with the Corporate Governance Code set out in
Appendix 14 to the HK Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by paragraph A.5.2 of the Corporate
Governance Code. However, the Charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee complies with
the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance committee are among
other things, to develop and recommend to the Board criteria for board and committee membership, recommend
to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as Directors and to each of the Board’s committees, and
develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance committee comprises Mr. Donald W. Glazer and Mr. Michael Goller. Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the
chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.




212    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Except as disclosed above, the Company has complied with all of the provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code in 2019.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the
Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS


Except as disclosed below, the Company has adopted its own insider dealing policies on terms no less exacting
than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions as set out in Appendix 10 to the HK Listing Rules
regarding the Directors’ dealings in the securities of the Company.


Pursuant to Rule B.8 of the Model Code for Securities Transactions, a director must not deal in any securities of the
issuer without first notifying in writing the chairman or a director (otherwise than himself) designated by the board
for the specific purpose and receiving a dated written acknowledgement. Under the Company’s insider dealing
policies, Mr. Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, has been designated
as the insider trading compliance officer whom a Director who intends to deal in the Company’s securities must
notify. Our Board believes that our insider trading compliance officer, despite not being a member of the Board, is
able to carry out his duties properly and competently in accordance with the Company’s insider dealing policies,
the terms of which are otherwise no less exacting than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions.


Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the required standards set out in the Company’s own insider dealing policies throughout the period from January 1,
2019 up to the date of this annual report.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          213
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board currently comprises ten members, consisting of one executive Director, two non-executive Directors and
seven independent non-executive Directors.


During the period from January 1, 2019 and up to the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board
comprised the following Directors:


Executive Director


Mr. John V. Oyler (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)


Non-executive Directors


Dr. Xiaodong Wang
Mr. Anthony C. Hooper


Independent non-executive Directors


Mr. Timothy Chen
Mr. Donald W. Glazer
Mr. Michael Goller
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana
Mr. Thomas Malley
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
Mr. Qingqing Yi


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS


In 2019, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rule relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board, with one possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a written annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HK Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.




214    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS


Code provision A.4.1 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that non-executive directors should be
appointed for a specific term, subject to re-election, and code provision A.4.2 states that all directors appointed to
fill a casual vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment
and that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years.


Our Articles provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with
as nearly equal a number of Directors in each group as possible. Each Director in each class shall serve for a
three-year term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. Upon the expiration of his or her term,
each Director shall be eligible for re-election at the next annual general meeting to hold office for another three-year
term and until such Director’s successor has been duly elected. The terms of the Class I Directors are scheduled to
expire on the date of our 2020 annual general meeting, the terms of the Class II Directors are scheduled to expire
on the date of our 2021 annual general meeting, and the terms of the Class III Directors are scheduled to expire on
the date of our 2022 annual general meeting, in each case subject to such Director’s earlier resignation or removal


We undertook to the HKEx to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy to retire and seek re-election at
the next annual general meeting following their appointment. For details, please refer to our Prospectus.


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT


The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.


The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions
and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          215
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.


BOARD COMMITTEES


The Board has established five committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial
Advisory Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is
established with a charter which is available on the websites of the Company and the HKEx.


Audit Committee


The Audit Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered
      public accounting firms;


•     approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our
      independent registered public accounting firms;


•     reviewing the internal audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firms and members of
      management responsible for preparing our financial statements;


•     reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firms our
      annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and
      practices used by us;


•     reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting;


•     establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of financial and accounting-related
      complaints and concerns;




216    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    recommending, based upon the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and the
     independent registered public accounting firms, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in
     our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our annual results announcement filed with the HKEx;


•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
     as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters;


•    preparing the Audit Committee report;


•    reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such
     transactions; and


•    reviewing our earnings releases and unaudited financial statements to be included in our quarterly and interim
     filings with the SEC and HKEx.


The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Thomas Malley,
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su and Mr. Timothy Chen. Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman of the committee, is
appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK Listing Rules. Effective May 1, 2019,
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su replaced Mr. Qingqing Yi as a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su is
an independent non-executive Director appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the HK
Listing Rules. Effective May 1, 2020, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper will replace Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su as a member of
the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee held ten meetings during the year ended December 31, 2019. Individual attendance of each
committee member is set out on page 223 of this annual report. During the meetings, among other things, the Audit
Committee reviewed the financial results of the Group and the internal control and risk management systems of the
Group. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC, the
NASDAQ and the HKEx. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.beigene.com
under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx. During 2019, the Audit
Committee’s major work included reviewing the 2018 annual report as well as the related results announcement,
the 2019 interim report and interim results announcement, and the 2019 quarterly financial reports, reviewing
the external auditors’ plans, reports, fees, involvement in non-audit services and their terms of engagement, and
reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control systems and associated
procedures.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT         217
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Compensation Committee


The Compensation Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief
      Executive Officer, President and General Manager, China, and Chief Financial Officer;


•     evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer. President and General Manager, China, and
      Chief Financial Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives and recommending to the Board for
      approval our Chief Executive Officer’s, President and General Manager, China’s, and Chief Financial Officer’s
      compensation based on that evaluation;


•     reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers;


•     developing and implementing our overall management compensation and policy to align the interests of
      management with our shareholders’;


•     overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans;


•     evaluating and assessing potential current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence
      standards;


•     retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors;


•     reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards;


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation;


•     preparing the compensation committee report;


•     reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis; and


•     reviewing and discussing with the Board corporate succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other
      key officers.


The Compensation Committee comprises Mr. Qingqing Yi, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Timothy Chen. Mr.
Qingqing Yi is the chairman of the committee.


Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019
are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration payable to each of our senior
management ranges from HKD24,000,000 to HKD46,000,000.




218    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Compensation Committee held seven meetings during the year ended December 31, 2019. Individual
attendance of each committee member is set out on page 223 of this annual report. During the meetings, the
Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation structure and made recommendations to the Board on
determining the annual compensation packages of the Directors and the senior management. The Compensation
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at
www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.
During 2019, the Compensation Committee’s major work included reviewing and recommending to the Board in
respect of the compensation policy and structure by benchmarking peer companies with a similar scale to ensure
that the Company’s compensation packages are competitive to recruit the best talents in the industry and to retain
key staff; reviewing and recommending to the Board on the compensation packages for the directors; assessing
performance; and reviewing and approving adjustments to the compensation packages for the senior managements.


Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s responsibilities include:


•    developing and recommending to the Board criteria for board and committee membership;


•    establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees
     recommended by shareholders;


•    identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board;


•    recommending to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s
     committees;


•    developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines; and


•    overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management.


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee comprises Mr. Donald W. Glazer and Mr. Michael Goller.
Mr. Donald W. Glazer is the chairman of the committee.


The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held two meetings during the year ended December 31,
2019. Individual attendance of each committee member is set out on page 223 of this annual report. During the
meetings, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the criteria for Board and committee
membership and corporate governance matters. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates
pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under
“Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx. During 2019, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board, considered and
made recommendations to the Board on the director appointment and the re-election of the directors at the 2019
annual general meeting and the proposal of appointment of Mr. Anthony C. Hooper as a director of the Company at
the 2019 extraordinary general meeting. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has also assessed
the independence of the Directors, taking into account of the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the
HK Listing Rules and the NASDAQ Listing Rules.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT         219
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Scientific Advisory Committee


The Scientific Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s research and development
      plans and programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any research or development performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs;
      and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key scientific and technical personnel and
      the depth and breadth of the Company’s scientific resources.


The Scientific Advisory Committee was established on February 26, 2020. The Scientific Advisory Committee
may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Scientific Advisory Committee comprises Dr. Xiaodong
Wang, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Thomas Malley and Mr. Qingqing Yi. Dr. Xiaodong Wang is the chairman of the
Scientific Advisory Committee. The Scientific Advisory Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the
Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate
Governance” and the website of the HKEx.


Commercial Advisory Committee


The Commercial Advisory Committee’s responsibilities include:


•     receiving and discussing reports from management regarding the Company’s commercial strategy and plans
      and competitiveness of the Company’s commercial programs;


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in setting and evaluating
      any commercial performance goals under the Company’s incentive compensation programs; and


•     assisting, to the extent it deems helpful, the Board and the Compensation Committee in assessing the
      capabilities of and evaluating the performance of the Company’s key commercial personnel and the depth
      and breadth of the Company’s commercial resources.


The Commercial Advisory Committee was established on February 26, 2020. The Commercial Advisory Committee
may meet at such times as it deems appropriate. The Commercial Advisory Committee comprises Mr. Anthony
C. Hooper, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su, Mr. Timothy Chen and Mr.Ranjeev Krishana. Mr. Anthony C. Hooper is the
chairman of the Commercial Advisory Committee. The Commercial Advisory Committee operates under a written
charter adopted by the Board, which is available on our website at www.beigene.com under “Investors — HKEX
investors — Corporate Governance” and the website of the HKEx.




220    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY


The Company’s Board Diversity Policy sets out the Company’s approach to diversity on the Board. Pursuant to the
Board Diversity Policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review annually the structure,
size and composition of the Board and, where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board. In
reviewing the Board’s composition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider, among
others, the nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, skills, expertise, and industry and regional experience. The Board
Diversity Policy further provides that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will discuss and, where
necessary, agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend them to the Board
for adoption. The Board intends to rate its composition against the factors identified above and to recruit a Director
or Directors to address any factors that could bear improvement. The Board previously indicated its plans to recruit
at least one female Director to be elected before the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders and is actively
engaged in recruiting efforts. The Board Diversity Policy is available on our website at www.beigene.com under
“Investors — HKEX investors — Corporate Governance.”


NOMINATION POLICY


As set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the Board Diversity Policy, the Board will consider and approve from time to time the criteria that
it deems necessary or advisable for director candidates. The Board has full authority to modify such criteria as it
deems necessary or advisable. The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
the responsibility for developing and recommending to the Board for its consideration and approval criteria for
director candidates. The Company has adopted policies and procedures for director candidates. The Board may,
however, rescind its delegation and assume the responsibilities it previously delegated to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.


The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the responsibility to identify
candidates for nomination to the Board (including candidates to fill vacancies) and assess their qualifications in
light of the policies and principles in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Diversity Policy and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend director candidates for the Board’s consideration and review the candidates’ qualifications with the
Board. The Board retains the authority to nominate a candidate for election by the shareholders as a director and to
fill vacancies. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes third-party search
firms to identify director candidates. In identifying director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee may consider all facts and circumstances it deems appropriate, including, among other things, the skills
of the candidate, his or her depth and breadth of business experience and other background characteristics, his or
her independence and the needs of the Board.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          221
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board may consider a broad range of factors relating
to the qualifications and background of nominees, which may include diversity as set forth in the Board Diversity
Policy. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s and Board’s priority in selecting board members
is identification of persons who will further the interests of our shareholders through their established record of
professional accomplishment, depth and breadth of business experience and other background characteristics.


Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Articles
and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the
shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is
not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b) (2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; (c) the candidate’s name, age, business and residential address, educational background,
current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years; (d) a
description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board membership
approved by our Board of Directors; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement/circular for
our next shareholder meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) any other information
regarding the candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement/circular filed pursuant to SEC rules
and HK Listing Rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or
about the shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including
information about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the
candidate and any such other beneficial owner.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION


The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision D.3.1 of the Corporate Governance
Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s securities dealing policies,
and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report.




222       BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS


The attendance records of each Director at Board meetings, committee meetings and shareholder meetings during
the year ended December 31, 2019 are set out below. (1)


                                                                  Attendance/Number of Meeting(s)
                                                                                               Nominating
                                                                                            and Corporate
                                                                    Audit   Compensation      Governance      Shareholder
Name of Director                                  Board       Committee        Committee       Committee         Meetings


Executive Director:
Mr. John V. Oyler                                    6/6             N/A             N/A              N/A              1/2
Non-executive Director:
Dr. Xiaodong Wang                                    6/6             N/A             N/A              N/A              1/2
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Timothy Chen                                     6/6           10/10              7/7             N/A              1/2
Mr. Donald W. Glazer                                 6/6             N/A             N/A              2/2              2/2
Mr. Michael Goller                                   6/6             N/A             N/A              2/2              1/2
Mr. Ranjeev Krishana                                 6/6             N/A              7/7             N/A              1/2
Mr. Thomas Malley                                    6/6           10/10             N/A              N/A              1/2
Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                               6/6              7/8            N/A              N/A              2/2
Mr. Qingqing Yi                                      6/6              1/2             6/7             N/A              1/2

(1)   Effective January 2, 2020, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was elected to the Board. Effective May 1, 2019, Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su
      replaced Qingqing Yi as a member of the Audit Committee.


The Scientific Advisory Committee and the Commercial Advisory Committee were established on February 26,
2020. No meeting of the Scientific Advisory Committee and Commercial Advisory Committee was held during the
year ended December 31, 2019.


In accordance with code provision A.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. John V. Oyler, the Chairman of the
Board and our only executive Director, also held meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors during the year ended December 31, 2019.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT           223
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for supervising management’s preparation of the financial statements
of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019.


The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2019 that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS


The Directors intend to keep abreast of their responsibilities as directors of the Company and of the conduct,
business activities and development of the Company.


The Company arranges a formal and comprehensive induction to a newly appointed Director to ensure that the
Director has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware of the director’s
responsibilities under the HK Listing Rules and SFO, and other legal and regulatory requirements.


The Company arranges trainings to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the HK
Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge his or her duties. The Company also encourages the Directors to attend relevant training
courses provided by legal advisors and/or any appropriate institutions.


For the year ended December 31, 2019, all Directors participated in continuing professional development regarding
their duties and responsibilities as a director of a listed company which included reading materials and/or attending
training. For example, all Directors participated an in-person training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom, our legal adviser as to Hong Kong law.


Effective January 2, 2020, Mr. Anthony C. Hooper was elected to the Board. In January 2020, Mr. Hooper
participated in a training session conducted by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, our legal adviser as to Hong
Kong law, on directors’ duties, responsibilities and obligations under the HK Listing Rules and the SFO.




224    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION


The remuneration paid/payable to Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, in respect of audit services and
non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, is set out below:


Services Category                                                                          Fees paid and payable
                                                                                                2019              2018
                                                                                           (US$’ 000)        (US$’ 000)


Audit services                                                                                 2,190              2,396
Non-audit services                                                                                 51               184


Total                                                                                          2,241              2,580


The 2019 audit services conducted by Ernst & Young mainly included 2019 Hong Kong annual reporting audit
services. The 2019 audit services conducted by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP mainly included the integrated audit
of our 2019 U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, quarterly
review of consolidated financial statements included in the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
assurance services associated with our statutory audit of certain subsidiaries.


Non-audit services mainly consist of compliance and tax advisory services.


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set out
in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” contained in this annual report. From January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019,
the remuneration paid/payable to the Auditor was disclosed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          225
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


Collaboration with Amgen


As disclosed in this annual report, on October 31, 2019, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene
Switzerland GmbH (“BeiGene Switzerland”), entered into a collaboration agreement with Amgen, which became
effective on January 2, 2020 (the “Amgen Collaboration Agreement”) and pursuant to which BeiGene and Amgen
agreed to enter into a strategic collaboration on the commercialization of Amgen’s oncology products XGEVA,
KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO (the “In-Line Products”) in China and the development and commercialization of
Amgen’s 20 oncology pipeline products (the “Pipeline Products”, together with the In-Line Products, the “Products”).
In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated October
31, 2019, as amended, by and between BeiGene and Amgen (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), we issued
206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of BeiGene, Ltd. on January 2, 2020, representing
approximately 20.5% of our outstanding shares, to Amgen. Following the share issuance, Amgen became a
substantial shareholder holding approximately 20.5% of the issued share capital of the Company and, therefore,
a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules. As a result, the transactions
contemplated under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we are responsible for commercializing Amgen’s
oncology products XGEVA, KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) for a
period of five or seven years following each product’s regulatory approval in China, as specified in the agreement,
with the commercialization period for XGEVA commencing following the transition of operational responsibilities
for the product. In addition, as specified in the agreement, we will have the option to retain one of the three
products to commercialize for as long as the product is sold in China. The parties have agreed to equally share
profits and losses for the products in China during each product’s commercialization period. After expiration of the
commercialization period for each product, the products not retained will be transitioned back to Amgen and we
will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China of each product for an
additional five years.


Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen have agreed to
collaborate on the global development and commercialization in China of 20 Amgen oncology pipeline products.
Starting from the commencement of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, we and Amgen will co-fund global
development costs, with BeiGene Switzerland contributing up to US$1.25 billion worth of development services
and cash over the term of the collaboration. BeiGene will be eligible to receive tiered mid-single digit royalties
on net sales of each product globally outside of China, other than AMG 510, on a product-by-product and
country-by-country basis, until the latest of the expiration of the last valid patent claim, the expiration of regulatory
exclusivity, or the earlier of eight years after the first commercial sale of such product in the country of sale and 20
years from the date of first commercial sale of such product anywhere in the world.




226    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For each pipeline product that is approved in China, BeiGene will have the right to commercialize the product for
seven years, with the parties sharing profits and losses for the product in China equally. In addition, depending on
how many of the 20 pipeline products receive approval in China, BeiGene will have the right to retain approximately
one of every three approved products, up to a total of six, other than AMG 510, to commercialize for as long as
each such product is sold in China. After the expiration of the seven-year commercialization period, each product
will be transitioned back to Amgen and BeiGene will be eligible to received tiered mid-single to low-double digit
royalties on net sales in China for an additional five years.


Under Rule 14A.52 of the HK Listing Rules, the period of an agreement for a continuing connected transaction
must be fixed. However, the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement is for an unspecified term as it will, unless
terminated in accordance with its terms, remain in effect. Under Rule 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, an annual
cap in monetary terms must be set for a continuing connected transaction. The Company applied for, and the HKEx
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rules 14A.52 and 14A.53(1) of the HK Listing Rules, subject to the
following conditions:


(a)   the Company will comply with the announcement, circular and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules if there are any material changes to the terms of the
      Amgen Collaboration Agreement;


(b)   the Company’s independent non-executive directors from time to time will ensure that the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement are undertaken in accordance with its terms;


(c)   the Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company will use his best endeavours to supervise
      the compliance with the terms of the Amgen Collaboration Agreements and applicable HK Listing Rules
      requirements to the extent not waived by the HKEx on a regular basis;


(d)   the independent non-executive directors and the auditors of the Company will review the transactions in
      relation to the Amgen Collaboration Agreement on an annual basis and confirm in the Company’s annual
      reports the matters set out in Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the HK Listing Rules, respectively; and


(e)   in the event of any future amendments to the HK Listing Rules imposing more stringent requirements than
      those as at the date of the announcement published by the Company on November 1, 2019 via the HKEx, the
      Company will take immediate steps to ensure compliance with such new requirements.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the transaction amounts arising from the costs and revenues of
the commercialization of the products and the royalties to be received by the Company shall be determined in
accordance with the below formulae:


(a)   Caps in relation to the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products


      The Company and Amgen will share equally in the profits and losses of the commercialization of the Products
      in China in accordance with the following formula:


      Net profit to be received/net loss to be bore by the Company = 50% x (net revenue of the relevant Product –
      manufacturing actual costs – commercialization and related costs)

                                                                BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT      227
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(b)   Caps in relation to royalties


      •     Global Ex-China Royalties


            During the applicable Global Pipeline Royalty Term (the period beginning on the first commercial sale
            of a Pipeline Product in a country (other than China) and expiring on the latest of (i) the expiration of
            the last valid patent claim, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or (iii) the earlier of (x) eight years
            after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale or (y) 20 years from the date of first
            commercial sale of the product anywhere in the world), the Company will be eligible to receive tiered
            mid-single digit royalties on global net sales outside of China on a sliding scale for each Pipeline Product
            (other than AMG 510) in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = incremental annual global net revenue of the relevant Pipeline Product outside
            China x the applicable royalty rate


      •     China Royalties


            During the applicable five-year period beginning on the return of a Product to Amgen, the Company will
            be eligible to receive tiered mid-single to low-double digit royalties on net sales in China on a sliding
            scale for each Product returned to Amgen in accordance with the following formula:


            Royalties to be received = annual net revenue of the relevant returned Product in China x the applicable
            royalty rate


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company will receive from Amgen quarterly financial information
regarding the royalty calculation and the Company is entitled to specified audit right.


Under the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, the Company’s payment obligations, whether in cash or in kind,
towards the development of the Pipeline Products shall be subject to an aggregate maximum of US$1.25 billion.
The Company will also share in the costs of developing additional indications for the In-Line products in China,
subject to an annual maximum contribution by the Company of US$12.5 million and an aggregate maximum of
US$37.5 million over the term of the Amgen Collaboration Agreement.


In connection with the Amgen Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, we issued
206,635,013 ordinary shares in the form of 15,895,001 ADSs of BeiGene, Ltd. on January 2, 2020, representing
approximately 20.5% of our outstanding shares to Amgen, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately US$2.78
billion, or US$13.45 per ordinary share, or US$174.85 per ADS.




228       BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Consulting Agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang


We have also entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Xiaodong Wang, which is a fully-exempt continuing
connected transaction, as disclosed in this annual report.


Except as disclosed hereunder, during the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group has not entered into any
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 14A.71 of the HK Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2019 are set out in Note 29
to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.


None of the related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
subject to independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the
HK Listing Rules.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS


The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing management’s review and implementation of risk
management and internal control systems. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.


We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems
consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations, and we are
dedicated to continuously improving these systems.


We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT         229
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Financial Reporting Risk Management


As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with the rules
implemented by the SEC and applicable market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the Audit Committee oversees our financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by the Auditor.


Information System Risk Management


In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among other things, legally
protected patient health information, identity information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary
business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including
research and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. We have
implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided.


Human Resources Risk Management


We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different departments. We
regularly organize internal training sessions conducted by senior employees or outside consultants on topics of
interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and experienced human resource professionals, create,
schedule and deliver the training. The long-term goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all
employees as well as measure the success of the trainings.


In China and the U.S., we have in place employee handbooks approved by our management and distributed to all
our employees, which contain internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice, work ethics, fraud
prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption.


We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against corruption within our Company. The policy explains
potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our internal reporting channel open and
available for our staff to report suspected acts of corruption, and our staff can also make anonymous reports to our
compliance department. Our compliance department is responsible for investigating reported incidents and taking
appropriate measures.




230    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy


With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S. treasury securities,
U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and twelve months. The primary
objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide liquidity and maximize income without
significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and careful
consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment
conditions, the investment costs, the duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the
investment.


Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for managing our
short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal to invest in wealth management products, our financial
department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures. We operate under a
Board-approved Investment Policy which governs the investment of our funds. The Investment Policy is reviewed
annually by the Board and is circulated to the investment advisors to ensure compliance. Our investments to date
have been primarily limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable
banks. Any material deviations from the Investment Policy would require consent by the Board or the Audit
Committee. There have been no cases of material deviation from our Investment Policy to date.


In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be met, including but
not limited to:


•     investments in high risk products are prohibited;


•     the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;


•     the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operation or capital expenditures; and


•     the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.


We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and the related risk
management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth management products that meet
the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board or the Audit Committee, as part of our treasury
management where we believe it is prudent to do so.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT     231
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight


Our Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting to ensure that our internal
control system is effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our business operations. We also
maintain an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal control and
reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified.


Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies


Our Audit Committee, internal audit department and management together monitor the implementation of our risk
management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and implementation are effective and sufficient.


Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


We have adopted a Code of Conduct that governs, among other things, the handling of confidential information.
All current Directors, officers and employees are being supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct. Future Directors,
officers and employees will be supplied a copy of the Code of Conduct when beginning service at the Company.
All Directors, officers and employees will be expected to review and acknowledge their review and agreement to
comply with the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our management, under the supervision of our Board or a
committee of our Board takes reasonable steps to (i) monitor compliance with the Code of Conduct, and (ii) when
appropriate, impose and enforce appropriate disciplinary measures for violations of the Code of Conduct.


Review on Risk Management and Internal Control Systems


For the year ended December 31, 2019, we have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, which we consider to be effective and adequate.


COMPANY SECRETARY


Ms. Chau Hing Ling, of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, is our company secretary with respect to Hong
Kong matters, and is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and company secretarial
matters and ensuring that our Group complies with and applicable Hong Kong rules and regulations. Ms. Chau’s
primary contact person within the Company is Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the
Company. For the year ended December 31, 2019, Ms. Chau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant
professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the HK Listing Rules.




232    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS


Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings by Shareholders


Pursuant to articles 61 and 62 of our Articles, an extraordinary general meeting of our Company shall be convened
on a members’ requisition put forth by our shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate
not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of such of the issued Shares as at that date of the deposit carries the
right of voting at general meetings of our Company. The requisition must state the object of the meeting, set forth a
form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the meeting and must be signed by the
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like
form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit
of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene
a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months after the
expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details


The Board provides to every shareholder the ability to communicate with the Board, as a whole, and with individual
Directors through an established process for shareholder communication. For a shareholder communication
directed to the Board as a whole, shareholders may send such communication to the attention of our Secretary via
regular mail or expedited delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94
Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: Board of Directors c/o Secretary.


For a shareholder communication directed to an individual Director in his or her capacity as a member of the Board,
shareholders may send such communication to the attention of the individual Director via regular mail or expedited
delivery service to: BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana
Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attn.: [Name of Individual Director].


Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director or Directors as appropriate,
depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties
and responsibilities of the Board may be excluded, such as junk mail and mass mailings, resumes and other forms
of job inquiries, surveys and solicitations or advertisements.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors
to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other
general meetings. At the forthcoming 2020 annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will
be available in person or via teleconference to meet shareholders and answer their enquiries.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          233
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


I.    ABOUT THE REPORT


      This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) report provides information on the ESG performance
      of our Company for the period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019. This ESG report is prepared in
      accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide, Appendix 27 to the HK Listing Rules. This report is to be read in
      conjunction with the Company’s 2019 Annual Report, in particular the Corporate Governance Report.


      Our major operations are in China, and we have offices located in Asia-Pacific, North America and Europe.
      Unless otherwise specified, the scope of this ESG report covers the operations in China.


II.   ESG STRATEGY AND GOVERNANCE


      i.     ESG Strategy


             We are a global, commercial-stage research-based biotechnology company focused on
             molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology cancer therapeutics. Our vision, mission, values and
             behavior guidelines demonstrate our core ESG strategy.


             •    Our Vision


                  Transform the biopharmaceutical industry, creating impactful medicines that will be affordable and
                  accessible to far more cancer patients around the world.


             •    Our Mission


                  Build the first next-generation biopharmaceutical company – one that expands the highest quality
                  therapies to billions more people – through courage, persistent innovation, and challenging the
                  status quo.


             •    Our Values


                  o    All Patients First. Striving to improve the health and well-being of all patients, regardless of
                       location or income.


                  o    Transformational Mindset – Challenging the Status Quo. Embracing innovative ways of
                       doing things at all levels, and stretching our minds to accomplish things that others thought
                       were impossible.




234        BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


           o     Sense of Urgency, With Commitment to Quality and Compliance. Maintaining our sense of
                 urgency and agility with a relentless dedication to quality and compliance, with a commitment
                 to continuous improvement.


           o     Regional and Functional Teamwork. Creating superior teamwork through open, authentic
                 communication and respect for individual differences to enable excellence cross-functionally
                 and around the world.


           o     Global Capabilities, Local Expertise. Operating at the highest global standards, while
                 understanding and respecting the value and importance of local expertise.


           o     Effective Non-Hierarchical Decision-Making. Involving inclusively the appropriate people;
                 communicating openly and transparently, listening actively, considering all options;
                 articulating a scientific/logic-based decision, and aligning to support decisions made.


           o     Individual Growth. Creating an environment, built on diversity and inclusion, in which all
                 employees have an opportunity to grow professionally, affect the world meaningfully, and
                 build lifelong friendships with exceptional people.


      •    Our Behavior Guidelines


           How we get things done is just as important as what we accomplish – we operate with an
           unwavering commitment to compliance, ethics, and integrity, and always treat fellow colleagues
           with respect and dignity.


ii.   ESG Governance and Management


      We pursue our business objectives with integrity, trust and respect, and in compliance with applicable
      laws and regulations. We have integrated ESG considerations into our operations. Organizational and
      management systems for ESG have been established based on the characteristics of our business. Our
      Board is responsible for reviewing our ESG strategy and performance and the annual ESG report, and
      the relevant departments are responsible for the implementation of ESG-related work. We continuously
      optimize these systems in order to improve our ESG performance.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          235
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      iii.   Sustainable Development Goals


             The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) are the blueprint to achieve a better and
             more sustainable future for all. At BeiGene, we have identified our SDG priorities, and have taken actions
             to contribute to the advancement of the SDGs.


                                It is our vision to create impactful medicines that will be affordable and accessible
                                to far more cancer patients around the world. The sections headed “Product Quality
                                Control” and “Community Investment” illustrate our commitment and actions to
                                promote people’s health and well-being.


                                We foster a culture of learning and provide training programs tailored to the needs
                                of all employees. See the section headed “Training and Development” for more
                                information.



                                One of our values is that we embrace innovative ways of doing things at all levels, and
                                stretch our minds to accomplish things that others thought were impossible. Since the
                                Company was founded, we have made great achievements in medical innovation. See
                                the section headed “Intellectual Property Rights” for more information.


                                Our employees are from diverse backgrounds, and we place significant emphasis on
                                creating a diverse and inclusive environment. See the section headed “Diversity and
                                Equal Opportunities” for more information.



                                We have established an environmental management system for energy conservation
                                and emission reduction. The section headed “Environment” describes how we reduce
                                our environmental impact.



                                We promote a culture of compliance and ethical operations, and set up comprehensive
                                risk-based monitoring programs. In the sections headed “Anti-Corruption” and “Supply
                                Chain Management”, you can read about our anti-bribery and anti-corruption efforts.




236      BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


iv.   Stakeholder Engagement


      We have maintained close communication with our stakeholders and established channels to understand
      their opinions on the Company’s ESG performance and future development strategy. According to our
      business characteristics, we identified the main stakeholders and their main ESG concerns as follows:


      Main Stakeholders           Main ESG Concerns                               Main Communication Channels


      Shareholders                • Product Responsibility such as product        • Shareholder meeting
                                     R&D innovation, client satisfaction,         • Annual report
                                     products quality control and patents and     • Regular announcement
                                     intellectual property protection             • Official website
                                  • Supply Chain Management                       • Face-to-face communication
                                  • Anti-corruption


      Government and regulators   • Product Responsibility such as                • Policy consultation
                                     pharmaceutical advertising compliance,       • Incident reporting
                                     products quality control, and privacy and    • Information disclosure
                                     data protection
                                  • Medical waste management
                                  • Anti-corruption


      Employees                   • Diversity and inclusion                       • Communication meetings
                                  • Employee benefits                             • Employee satisfaction survey
                                  • Talent attraction and retention               • Employee activities
                                  • Employee training and development             • Social media
                                  • Employee health and safety                    • Face-to-face communication


      Customers and patients      • Product Responsibility such as product        • Quality management system
                                     R&D innovation, client satisfaction,         • Information disclosure
                                     products quality control, and privacy and
                                     data protection
                                  • Anti-corruption


      Suppliers                   • Supply Chain Management                       • Supplier assessment
                                  • Anti-Corruption                               • Conferences
                                                                                  • Telephone calls
                                                                                  • Emails




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019     ANNUAL REPORT           237
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Main Stakeholders          Main ESG Concerns                              Main Communication Channels


        Distributors               • Product Responsibility such as client        • Conferences
                                      satisfaction and products quality control   • Telephone calls
                                   • Supply Chain Management                      • Emails
                                   • Anti-corruption


        Media and non-             • Climate change                               • Social media
        governmental               • Energy management                            • Official website
        organizations              • Reduce pollution to water and air
                                   • Medical waste management
                                   • Water use
                                   • Product Responsibility such
                                      as product R&D innovation,
                                      pharmaceutical advertising
                                      compliance, products quality control,
                                      and privacy and data protection
                                   • Diversity and inclusion


        Community                  • Climate change                               • Community interaction
                                   • Energy management                            • Public welfare activities
                                   • Reduce pollution to water and air            • Social media
                                   • Medical waste management
                                   • Water use
                                   • Charitable donations
                                   • Volunteering activities




238   BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


v.   Materiality Assessment


     In 2019, based on the communication with the main stakeholders and the operating characteristics of
     the Company, we conducted an online survey to understand ESG topics that our stakeholders believe to
     be material to BeiGene and themselves. The result of the materiality assessment is summarized below.
     These topics are discussed in detail in this ESG report.



                                                                1    Climate change
                                                                2    Energy management
                                                                3    Reduce pollution to water and air
                                                                4    Medical waste management
                                                                5    Water use
                                                                6    Diversity and inclusion
                                                                7    Employee benefits
                                                                8    Talent attraction and retention
                                                                9    Employee training and development
                                                                10   Employee health and safety
                                                                11   Supply chain management
                                                                12   Anti-corruption
                                                                13   Product R&D innovation
                                                                14   Client satisfaction
                                                                15   Pharmaceutical advertising compliance
                                                                16   Products quality control
                                                                17   Privacy and data protection
                                                                18   Patents and intellectual property protection
                                                                19   Charitable donations
                                                                20   Volunteering activities




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           239
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


III.   ENVIRONMENT


       We value the importance of living in harmony with the environment, and are committed to responsible
       production. Our main impacts on the environment and natural resources are: wastewater discharge, air
       emissions, solid waste discharge and the use of natural resources in daily operations. We have adopted
       emission reduction and resource conservation measures to minimize these impacts.


       i.     Environmental Management


              We strictly abide by China’s environmental laws and regulations, such as the Environmental Protection
              Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Environmental Noise Pollution Prevention and the Control
              Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Water Pollution Prevention Law of the People’s Republic
              of China, the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental
              Pollution by Solid Waste, and Regulations on the Administration of Construction Project Environmental
              Protection.


              We stay up to date with the latest changes in environmental laws and regulations through obtaining
              periodic research reports from third-party experts or professionals and monitoring by our dedicated
              environment, health and safety (“EHS”) team. We take immediate measures to respond to these
              changes when necessary. In 2019, we acted upon the new requirements such as the Implementation
              Opinions on Further Strengthening the Prevention and Control of Pollution by Hazardous Wastes issued
              by the Department of Ecological and Environmental of Jiangsu Province and Pharmaceutical Industry
              Air Pollutant Emission Standard (GB37823-2019). In 2019, we did not have any material violations of
              China’s environmental laws and regulations.


              Our internal environmental management system is set up according to the ISO14001 framework. We
              have procedures in place for EHS management, including an EHS Management System Manual, EHS
              Specifications, the Wastewater Management Procedure, and so forth. Our Guangzhou plant went into
              trial-run operation since October 2019, and a corresponding EHS policy was formulated to enhance our
              EHS management.


              We have a professional EHS management team responsible for the effective implementation of
              the internal EHS policy. We have established a proper EHS organizational management framework
              consisting of the EHS Committee, the EHS Department and the EHS coordinators.




240         BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ii.    Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction


       At BeiGene, we are working towards a low-carbon future. Our greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions mainly
       come from the use of electricity, natural gas and steam. We reduce our carbon emissions by saving
       energy and improving energy efficiency.


       In 2019, we relocated the mezzanine light switches in our Suzhou plant for easier access and better
       control, which can save about 2,900 KWh of electricity annually. In addition, we upgraded our
       air-conditioning system of the office area in the Suzhou plant for more centralized control to achieve an
       estimated saving of 2,000 KWh per year.


       In 2019, we replaced 30 steam valves in the Suzhou plant, which is expected to reduce steam loss by
       about 1 ton per year. We also added or renewed thermal insulation layers on steam pipelines to reduce
       heat loss.


       Other measures, including encouraging employees to use public transportation, using LED lights and
       motion sensors in our offices, setting up screen savers on all employees’ computers are also adopted to
       reduce our environmental footprint.


iii.   Emissions and Waste Management


       Apart from GHG, our major air emissions include SO2 and NOx generated from natural gas consumption
       during production, and a small volume of waste gas generated during laboratory operations. SO2 and
       NOx emissions are discharged after being processed by waste gas treatment facilities to ensure that
       SO2 and NOx concentrations meet the emission standards set by the local authority. Waste gas from the
       laboratories is discharged through a fume hood, and a treatment device has been installed at the end of
       the ventilation system in each laboratory to ensure we meet gas emission standards.


       Wastewater produced by the Company includes industrial wastewater and sanitary sewage. Our Beijing
       R&D center, Suzhou plant and Guangzhou plant are all equipped with wastewater treatment facilities,
       and we conduct monitoring to ensure that the treated water meets national and local standards. We
       also maintain the wastewater treatment facilities regularly to ensure effectiveness and efficiency. The
       industrial wastewater from the Suzhou plant is 100% recycled after being treated. The sanitary sewage
       from our plants is discharged into the municipal pipelines in accordance with the local standards.


       We engage qualified testing institutions to conduct regular air emissions and wastewater discharge
       testing. In 2019, we did not find any cases in which emissions exceeded the local standards.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          241
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


            Our non-hazardous waste includes domestic waste produced in office operations and non-hazardous
            waste from production. Domestic waste is handled by the property management companies, and
            we collaborate with them to recycle items such as cardboard boxes, glass, plastic and paper.
            Non-hazardous waste produced in manufacturing is disposed of by municipal sanitary stations.


            Hazardous waste produced in manufacturing and the laboratories is collected and stored in compliance
            with applicable PRC laws and regulations, and transported to qualified third-party vendors for disposal.


            Through strict daily management and optimization of production processes, we are committed to
            continuously improving the efficiency of material use to minimize the generation of hazardous waste.
            Compared to 2018, the amount of hazardous waste generated by the Suzhou plant and Beijing R&D
            center in 2019 decreased by approximately 4.66 tons.


      iv.   Environmental Key Performance Indicators


            Unless otherwise specified, our statistical data below covers the major operations of BeiGene, including
            our Beijing R&D center, Suzhou and Guangzhou plants, all office buildings located in China and an
            office in the United States for the period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019. Among them, the
            Guangzhou plant started trial run since October 2019, so its data only covers the period from October
            2019 to December 2019. Other small overseas offices are not included.


            1.   Emissions

                 KPIs                                                                                           2019


                 Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (tonnes)                                               9,023.47
                 Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) (tonnes)                                                      534.87
                 Including: Natural gas (tonnes)                                                              534.87
                 Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) (tonnes)                                                  8,488.60
                 Including: Electricity (tonnes)                                                            8,468.52
                             Steam (tonnes)                                                                    20.08
                 Total GHG emissions per unit of operating income (tonnes/USD 10,000)                           0.21
                 Total SO2 emissions (tonnes)                                                                   0.03
                 Total NOx emissions (tonnes)                                                                   0.32
                 Total VOC emission (tonnes)                                                                    0.03
                 Total hazardous waste (tonnes)                                                               145.95
                 Hazardous waste per unit of operating income (tonnes/USD 10,000)                              0.003
                 Total non-hazardous waste (tonnes)                                                           307.20
                 Non-hazardous waste per unit of operating income (tonnes/USD 10,000)                          0.007
                 Wastewater (tonnes)                                                                       51,938.88
                 COD (tonnes)                                                                                   3.68
                 Ammonia nitrogen (tonnes)                                                                      0.55
                 Wastewater per unit of operating income (tonnes/USD 10,000)                                    1.21




242     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Note:

     •       GHG emission inventory includes CO2, CH4 and NOx. GHG emission data is presented in carbon dioxide
             equivalent and is based on the 2017 Baseline Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids in China
             for CDM and CCER issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the Emissions & Generation
             Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) 2018 provided by the United States Environmental Protection
             Agency and the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories of the Intergovernmental
             Panel on Climate Change.

     •       NOx emissions and SO2 emissions are generated by natural gas consumption in Beijing R&D center,
             Suzhou and Guangzhou plants. VOC emissions mainly include non-methane hydrocarbons generated by
             VOC solvent used in Beijing R&D center, Suzhou and Guangzhou plants.

     •       Hazardous waste mainly includes pharmaceutical waste, organic solvents, etc.

     •       Non-hazardous waste and the volume of wastewater from the office buildings located in China are
             estimated based on the Emission Factors Manual of the First National Pollution Source Survey of Urban
             Pollution. The data of the U.S. office is not included.


2.   Resources Consumption

     KPIs                                                                                                     2019


     Total energy consumption (MWh)                                                                     16,160.61
     Direct energy consumption (MWh)                                                                      2,645.95
     Including: Natural gas (MWh)                                                                         2,645.95
     Indirect energy consumption (MWh)                                                                  13,514.66
     Including: Electricity (MWh)                                                                       13,452.25
                  Steam (MWh)                                                                                62.41
     Total energy consumption per unit of operating income (MWh/USD 10,000)                                    0.38
     Total water consumption (tonnes)                                                                  145,495.15
     Production water consumption (tonnes)                                                             132,074.05
     Office water consumption (tonnes)                                                                  13,421.10
     Water consumption per unit of operating income (tonnes/USD 10,000)                                        3.40
     Recycled water (tonnes)                                                                              3,458.00
     Total packaging material used for finished products (tonnes)                                              3.67
     Packaging material used per unit of product (tonnes/1,000,000 capsules)                                   1.39

     Note:

     •       Total energy consumption is calculated based on the total power, natural gas and steam consumption
             and the conversion factors in the PRC National Standards General Principles for Calculation of the
             Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB/T 2589-2008).

     •       Water resources used by the Company come from municipal water supplies. There is no issue in
             sourcing water. Water consumption of the offices located in China is estimated base on the Design
             Standard for Water Supply and Drainage of Buildings (GB 50015-2019). The data of the U.S. office is not
             included.

     •       The packaging data solely includes that of Suzhou plant whilst our Guangzhou plant has not commenced
             commercial production in 2019.


                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT            243
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


IV.   WORKPLACE


      Our people are critical to our success. We aim to build an inclusive culture where everyone can contribute
      their best work. One of our core values is creating an environment, built on diversity and inclusion, in which
      all employees have an opportunity to grow professionally, affect the world meaningfully, and build lifelong
      friendships with exceptional people. We are committed to taking care of our employees’ wellbeing and
      creating a safe, healthy, innovative and diverse work environment for our staff. We have adopted policies to
      protect our employees’ health and safety, keep work-life balance, and foster their career development.


      From January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019, we were not aware of any incidents of material non-compliance
      with applicable PRC laws and regulations relating to employment, occupational health and safety, and labor
      standards.


      i.     Employment and Labor Practices


             We strictly comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to employment, such as the Labor Law of
             the People’s Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Law of
             the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Women’s Rights and Interests, the Social Insurance
             Law of the People’s Republic of China, and the Provision on Minimum Wage of the People’s Republic of
             China.


             We have developed an employee handbook in China, specifying the policies for recruitment,
             promotion, working hours, leave entitlements, compensation, dismissal, welfare and other benefits,
             anti-discrimination, diversity and equal opportunity. In 2019, we updated the Employee Handbook to
             further refine employment management.


             Diversity and Equal Opportunity

             We have offices located in Asia-Pacific, North America and Europe. Our employees are from diverse
             backgrounds. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment. We comply with the
             relevant PRC national and local employment laws and regulations, and prohibit any discrimination on the
             grounds of gender, ethnicity, race, disability, age, religious belief, sexual orientation, nationality or family
             status. We clearly state in our employee handbook that the basic principle of employee management
             at BeiGene is that we are firmly committed to giving all employees equal treatment and opportunities
             regardless of their nationality, ethnicity, race, gender, religion, etc.


             We do not tolerate discrimination or harassment in the workplace, including any form of abusive conduct
             or action, such as verbal, non-verbal, written, electronic or physical conduct that creates an intimidating,
             hostile or offensive work environment; unreasonably interferes with an individual’s work performance; or
             demeans or shows hostility toward an individual. Employees are required to report any discrimination or
             harassment they may witness or experience in the workplace through our complaint and whistle-blowing
             mechanism.




244        BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Recruitment and Dismissal

We have recruitment guidelines in place. Every job applicant is required to provide information such
as ID card, educational background and work experience, which is reviewed by us and verified by a
professional background checking agency as needed, to avoid the risk of child labor or forced labor. In
2019, BeiGene did not have any case of child labor or forced labor.


We primarily recruit employees through recruitment agencies, employee referral, on-campus job fairs
and online channels including our corporate website, social networking platforms and industry referrals.
Recruitment interviews are conducted at three levels in sequence, including the human resources
department, line manager and senior manager. These procedures are designed to recruit suitably
talented employees who fit the job descriptions under the principle of equal employment opportunity.
As of December 31, 2019, BeiGene had a total of 2,591 employees across all our global operations.
Dismissal of employees is strictly compliant with applicable PRC laws and regulations, and contractual
terms and clauses as stipulated in our labor contracts.


Working Hours and Leave Entitlements

In China, we have adopted two working hour systems, i.e., the standard working hours and the flex-time
working hours, which have been approved by the local labor authorities. According to our China leave
policy, our employees are entitled to annual leave, fully-paid sick leave, and other statutory leave.
Additionally, our female employees are entitled to take fully-paid maternity leave and other associated
leave benefits, while male employees are entitled to take fully-paid paternity leave.


Compensation and Promotion

We refer to the salary and welfare standard of the pharmaceutical and other industries to offer
competitive salary and benefits to attract talent and retain our employees. The financial benefits we offer
to employees include base pay, cash bonuses and equity compensation.


Every employee receives a performance evaluation annually. The results of employee performance
evaluations are an important factor affecting employees’ annual performance bonuses, promotion or
demotion, rewards and disciplinary action. Promotion is reviewed and determined by different internal
business units according to preset criteria on candidates’ performance, job requirements and business
performance.




                                               BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT         245
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              Welfare and Benefits

              We provide benefits related to health, wellness, retirement and leaves of absence to help attract,
              cultivate and retain the industry’s most talented workforce. In China, we provide a range of insurances
              including medical insurance, pension insurance and unemployment insurance as required by local
              rules and regulations. To demonstrate our commitment to the health of our employees, we also provide
              commercial insurances to all employees and premium plan insurance packages to executive-level
              employees, and organize health lectures periodically to share health knowledge. Transportation and
              meal subsidies are also available to our employees.


              Communication

              Employees’ suggestions and opinions are important to BeiGene. We have set up multiple communication
              channels to collect employees’ suggestions, opinions and complaints. In 2019, BeiGene conducted
              an Engagement Survey to understand employees’ needs and recommendations for the Company. The
              employee satisfaction rate reported in the survey was approximately 80%.


              Employee activities

              We encourage employees to maintain a positive work-life balance. We organize various employee
              activities, such as family day, team-building activities, quarterly festival-related events, and employee
              birthday celebrations. We hold a “Healthy Running” event every year to promote the concept of healthy
              living. In June 2019, we organized a team building activity, in which nearly 450 colleagues from Beijing,
              Shanghai and Suzhou participated. The activity increased team cohesion through fun team working.


      ii.     Occupational Health and Safety


              Employees’ health and safety is our top priority. From the occupational health perspective, we strictly
              comply with the applicable PRC laws, such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention
              and Control of Occupational Diseases, the Technical Specification for Occupational Health Surveillance,
              and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases,
              etc. From the safety perspective, we comply with the applicable PRC laws and regulations, such as the
              Provisions of the State Council on the Investigation of Administrative Responsibility for Major Safety
              Accidents, the Notice of the State Administration of Work Safety on the Adjustment of the Statistical
              Report on the Dispatch of Work Safety Accidents, etc.




246         BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our internal health and safety management system was set up according to the ISO45001 framework.
We have formulated policies, such as the EHS Management System Manual, the Basic Standards
for EHS Management, the Restricted Space Management Procedures, the Emergency Preparedness
and Procedures, the Emergency Rescue Management and the Hazardous Chemicals Management
Procedures, to manage and control occupational health and safety risks. Based on these policies, we
have established an occupational health and safety management system to prevent occupational injury
accidents and diseases, through the following procedures:


•    Researching requirements of applicable laws and regulations;


•    Identifying significant risk factors related to occupational health and safety;


•    Developing a management plan, defining the roles and responsibilities and assigning responsibility
     to relevant departments;


•    Setting up a training course and system;


•    Improving the EHS response mechanism and enhancing internal and external communication and
     coordination; and


•    Enhancing employees’ awareness of safety and conducting reviews on a regular basis.


As mentioned above, we have a professional EHS management team responsible for the effective
implementation of the internal EHS management. Furthermore, we strive to integrate safety awareness
into our business processes and our corporate culture. Based on the occupational health and safety
management system, we also implement programs and take measures according to the actual situation
to minimize health and safety risks. Our measures include occupational health and safety training,
physical examination, special equipment management, etc.


We take these measures based on the identification of occupational health risks and the occupational
health management plan developed. We conduct physical examinations for employees before
employment, during the term of employment, and before departure. Personal protective equipment
(“PPE”) of the appropriate standard is provided to employees in positions exposed to occupational
health risk to prevent occupational diseases. If an employee suffers from occupational health issues, his
or her posts and responsibilities will be changed and remedial action will be taken.




                                                BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT       247
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


             We regularly provide safety education and training, including training related to restricted space work,
             mechanical protection, PPE use, chemical management, first aid, epidemic disease control, for relevant
             employees. Our employees and workers from contractors who engaged in special work are required
             to receive relevant training and obtain qualifications in advance for special work. We have established
             an emergency response system and regularly conduct emergency drills. Every year we organize fire
             evacuation drills, fire equipment drills, and emergency drills for chemical leaks, limited space rescue,
             first aid, and special equipment accidents. Each site is equipped with first-aid kits, and automated
             external defibrillators are set up in the public areas of the Suzhou plant. All first-aid specialists in the
             plants have received professional training delivered by the local Red Cross.


             During the outbreak of COVID-19, we immediately acted upon the government’s requirements and
             implemented our corporate emergency response measures. We set up a dedicated emergency response
             team comprising key management members from all relevant departments with clearly defined roles and
             responsibilities, and formulated an emergency response plan. The plan includes various management
             measures and procedures in respect of monitoring risks and impacts of the epidemic, managing internal
             and external communication, collecting and tracking personal health information and wellbeing of our
             employees for necessary care and assistance, and handling and reporting emergency matters as they
             arise, if any. The safety and health of our employees is our top priority. We requested our employees
             to work remotely from home during the outbreak to prevent the spread across the community. We
             maintained continuous communication with our employees on the latest development of the epidemic,
             and issued specific guidance on epidemic prevention and personal safety and health protection. In
             addition, we took vigorous disinfection measures in our offices and plants, and provided our employees
             with adequate protective equipment and necessary facilities to ensure a safe environment for our
             operations and production.


      iii.   Training and Development


             We foster a culture of continuous learning and provide training tailored to the needs of different
             positions. Our employees make their own personal development plans annually and propose training
             needs, based on which we design the annual training program. There are generally three types of
             training: new employee orientation, annual mandatory training on compliance/intellectual property/
             quality/EHS, and training on general professional skills, management skills and job-specific technical
             skills. These training courses are organized by the responsible functions including quality, legal,
             compliance, EHS and human resources. Additionally, we have a dedicated sales training team to provide
             tailored training to our sales representatives.




248      BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


           We are committed to continuously optimizing our training system and courses. In 2019, more training
           courses for general professional skill training and new employee training were provided. Through
           communicating frequently with the business departments to understand the training needs, we provide
           customized training courses and workshops to our employees.


           Training courses are regularly provided to employees by internal trainers or external consultants. Our
           employees may also attend external training courses upon their supervisors’ approval. Moreover, we
           have set up an online learning platform – e-Learning Management System (“eLMS”) so that employees
           can learn anytime and anywhere.


V.   SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT


     We adhere to the principle of “fair and open” in supply chain management. We have established a sound
     supplier management system and strive to build a long-term and stable relationship with suppliers to ensure
     that our products are consistently produced and controlled according to quality standards such as Good
     Manufacturing Practices (“GMP”). In 2019, we published a new global procurement policy and a new global
     contract policy to improve the effective controls of the procurement process.


     i.    Supplier Access Management


           Our suppliers mainly include production suppliers and non-production suppliers, including research
           service organizations, fixed asset suppliers, reagents/consumables suppliers and CROs. All suppliers are
           required to be pre-assessed before selected or qualified for procurement. We have developed evaluation
           standards and access criteria that consider factors like business legitimacy and technical professional
           reputation. For production suppliers, there are additional quality assurance (“QA”) standards and other
           more stringent evaluation criteria such as specific recognized technical qualification requirements.


     ii.   Supplier Selection and Assessment


           We continuously monitor and supervise suppliers before and after we agree to work with them. Supplier
           assessments and evaluations including supplier selection, routine competitive bidding and annual
           performance assessment are conducted throughout the process of supplier management.


           Our procurement department, assisted by business line managers, is responsible for choosing potential
           suppliers. Our assessment of suppliers is conducted based on established internal selection criteria and
           standards, including quotation, quality, deliverables, etc. Relevant line managers may jointly participate
           in the evaluation and selection of suppliers according to actual specific circumstances and needs.
           In addition, phased and continuous performance evaluation is undertaken, and such performance
           evaluation outcome will serve as a key consideration for future collaboration.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019      ANNUAL REPORT         249
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      iii.   Supplier Environmental and Social Requirements


             Our supply chain management not only focuses on the quality, cost and reliability of the products and
             services provided by suppliers, but also includes a wide range of environmental and social responsibility
             considerations, such as employees’ health and safety and environmental impacts.


             We focus on business ethics risks in the procurement process. We have incorporated anti-corruption
             rules and requirements into our legally binding contracts and integrity commitment letters that require
             our suppliers to operate with honesty and integrity. Due diligence is conducted for important suppliers.


             Our Code of Conduct clarifies and regulates the requirements on suppliers’ service/material quality
             management, environmental protection management, health and safety management, etc. Besides, we
             understand that suppliers from different sectors may have different environmental and social risks. For
             suppliers with higher environmental and social risks, such as engineering and construction suppliers,
             there are additional stringent requirements on their management of environmental and social risks.


             1.   Environmental Risk Management

                  Our contracts with suppliers in certain circumstances specify that they are obliged to minimize the
                  adverse impacts of their operations on the environment. The requirements among others include:


                  •     Complying with all applicable environmental laws in the country of operation, and obtaining
                        and maintaining necessary registrations, permits and licenses; and


                  •     Establishing systems for ensuring responsible management of raw materials, waste, air
                        emission and wastewater discharge.


             2.   Health and Safety Risk Management

                  We generally require our suppliers to provide their employees with a safe, healthy and hygienic
                  workplace and accommodation. The requirements among others include:


                  •     Implementing effective measures to control risks of work-related accidents and illnesses,
                        such as providing sufficient protection against exposure to chemical, biological or physical
                        hazards in the work environment;


                  •     Identifying and assessing emergency situations, implementing emergency plans and
                        response procedures in the workplace, and providing sufficient fire exits, escape routes and
                        firefighting equipment; and


                  •     Providing regular health and safety training for employees.




250      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


VI.   PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY


      We have grown into a fully-integrated global biotechnology company with a broad portfolio of drugs and drug
      candidates. In the United States, we market BRUKINSATM (zanubrutinib), and in China we market anti-PD-1
      antibody tislelizumab. Furthermore, we market REVLIMID® (lenalidomide) and VIDAZA® (azacitidine) under
      a license from Celgene Logistics Sarl, a Bristol Myers Squibb company since 2017, and plan to launch
      additional in-licensed products in China from our collaborations, including XGEVA® (denosumab), KYPROLIS®
      (carfilzomib) and BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab) from Amgen Inc., and SYLVANT® (siltuximab) and QARZIBA® ▼
      (dinutuximab beta) from EUSA Pharma.


      i.   Product Quality Control


           We maintain a comprehensive quality assurance and control program to generate awareness, foster a
           culture of quality, and support our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and internationally
           recognized standards. Our manufacturing sites are in compliance with requirements of the U.S. Food
           and Drug Administration (“FDA”), China’s Drug Administration and European regulations, such as GMP,
           and ICH Q10 Drug Quality Control System. In 2019, we have assessed our product quality control
           management, and found that it is in compliance with the revised Drug Administration Law of the
           People’s Republic of China.


           We earn and preserve stakeholders’ trust by adhering to strict quality control standards in the testing,
           manufacturing, packaging, storage and distribution of our drugs. We are committed to high standards
           on safety, standardization, product, research and service quality. We are also committed to continuously
           serving patients with high quality drugs to meet their needs. We have implemented internal standards
           that are often stricter than those required by national and industry practice, and these standards
           are optimized and enhanced on an ongoing basis. Furthermore, we require the same quality control
           standards from our suppliers and business partners to the extent permitted under these agreements.


           BeiGene’s mission, to deliver safe, effective, quality drug products that consistently meet or exceed
           customer needs and regulatory requirements is championed through the application of a Quality
           Management System (“QMS”) that promotes continuous improvement. The system covers drug
           discovery, research and development, manufacturing facilities, production, inspection; and we have
           formulated detailed guidelines for our quality control process. All subsidiaries within the BeiGene
           network operate under this global quality system for the management, monitoring and control of our
           product quality based on their business characteristics. For example, the manufacturing department in
           Beijing focuses on research and development, drug discovery and preclinical development; the plant in
           Suzhou is designed to meet the business needs of clinical manufacturing for early to late development
           of small molecule drug candidates and commercial manufacturing; and the plant in Guangzhou is
           established for biologics manufacturing.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT         251
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              We periodically review our quality management system to ensure its robustness and effectiveness and
              continuously improve our quality management system. In 2019, we implemented the enterprise digital
              QMS across the BeiGene network, and updated the Quality Manual and relevant standard operating
              procedures (“SOPs”).


              Training on GMP regulations and standards is provided on a regular basis to ensure that employees are
              informed of applicable regulations. We also provide additional training on specific procedures and GMP
              in connection with different job functions.


              In addition, we actively participate in industry events to promote industrial development. Our quality
              leadership team participates as quality experts in industry-sponsored workshops and conferences and
              holds training workshops on quality topics jointly with local provincial health authorities. We are also an
              active member of Parenteral Drug Associate (“PDA”), an international non-profit industry trade group
              for pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical manufacturers, and International Society for Pharmaceutical
              Engineering (“ISPE”), the world’s largest not-for-profit association serving its members by leading
              scientific, technical and regulatory advancement throughout the entire pharmaceutical lifecycle.


      ii.     Complaints and Recall Procedures


              Timely reporting of any potential product complaints or quality concerns is critical to ensure the integrity
              of our drugs. We have issued global standards relating to complaint handling and product recall.


              Our channels for receiving complaints include web portal, hotline and email. All employees and
              representatives are responsible for reporting product complaints for any products owned or marketed
              by BeiGene. Our Quality Assurance Department (the “QA Department”) monitors the mailbox daily for
              product complaints. All complaints must be documented, tracked and confirmed. If the complaint is
              quality related, more rigorous investigation will be conducted. The QA Department will document the
              testing and analysis results and determine whether other released batches are impacted and more
              stringent preventive measures are required. The result will be reported to customers in a timely manner.


              If the investigation reveals serious product quality issues, a recall should be initiated. If a stock recovery/
              recall is warranted, our Stock Recovery/Recall Committee will determine the extent of such recovery/
              recall, and further investigation will be conducted to find the root cause so as to implement corrective
              actions and propose any preventive actions needed to ensure that the quality issue shall not reoccur. No
              significant adverse events of complaints or recall due to quality issue were reported in 2019.




252         BEIGENE, LTD.     •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


iii.   Intellectual Property Rights


       Our commercial success depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and
       drugs and drug candidates from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual
       property rights. We seek to protect our drugs, drug candidates and proprietary technology globally
       through patent protection, trade secret protection, trademark protection and regulatory data protection.
       Employees are required to sign confidentiality agreements when they join the Company to preserve and
       protect BeiGene’s confidential information.


       Our commercial success also depends on our avoiding infringement of the valid patents and other
       intellectual property rights of third parties. For example, we conduct Freedom to Operate (“FTO”)
       analysis to make sure that the development and commercialization of our products does not infringe the
       valid patent rights of others. We rely not only on our know-how and continuing technological innovation,
       but also on in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and support our development programs.
       Intellectual property due diligence is conducted for license-in and license-out projects to minimize
       intellectual property risks.


       To protect our intellectual property rights, including patent, trademark and copyright, we strictly abide
       by the requirements of relevant laws and regulations in countries and regions in which we operate. We
       also closely monitor any changes in the laws and regulations in these areas. In 2019, the Law of the
       People’s Republic of China on Unfair Competition expanded the scope of trade secrets, added new
       types of trade secret infringement, increased levels of punishment, increased the cost of violations,
       and added provisions regarding burden of proof. Further, the revised provisions of the Trademark Law
       of the People’s Republic of China came into effect on November 1, 2019 and increased the amount of
       monetary relief for trademark infringement. These revisions will help us in intellectual property rights
       protection.


       The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our drugs and drug candidates and their methods of use
       are an important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize innovative medicines. We have
       streamlined our own patent drafting procedures and filed patent applications in the United States, China
       and other countries and regions, relating to certain of our drugs and drug candidates, and are pursuing
       additional patent protection for drugs, drug candidates and technologies. We also rely on trade secrets
       to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for,
       patent protection, including our manufacturing processes.




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT         253
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


            As of December 31, 2019, we owned 24 issued US patents, 11 issued China patents, a number of
            pending U.S. and China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent applications
            internationally. In addition, we owned pending international patent applications under the Patent
            Cooperation Treaty (“PCT”), which we plan to file nationally in the United States and other jurisdictions,
            as well as additional priority PCT applications. With respect to any issued patents in the United States
            and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to extend the patent term, provided
            that we meet the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent term extensions. For example, in
            the United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five years for one of the patents
            covering a product once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact duration of the extension
            depends on the time we spend in clinical studies as well as obtaining the New Drug Application (“NDA”)
            approved from the FDA.


            In order to encourage the discovery and development of new drugs, we also seek to comply with all
            applicable laws regarding inventor remuneration and established the employed inventor policy. We
            provide training for R&D members to raise intellectual property protection awareness.


      iv.   Privacy and Data Protection


            Protecting the privacy and security of personal data is a growing global concern. We value data security
            to protect the interests of the Company, our employees and patients. We are committed to protecting
            the privacy and security of all personal information, including sensitive personal information. We
            strictly protect the privacy of human subjects in clinical trials, which are governed under various laws
            and regulations, including the Regulation on the Administration of Human Genetic Resources and the
            Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China, etc. We also require our collaborators to abide
            by these laws and regulations through agreements so as to reduce the risk of data leakage. We have
            implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that sensitive data is protected and
            that leakage and loss of such data is avoided.


            We generally have access to three categories of personal data, including: clinical study subjects’
            data; patients’ data of our commercial products; and our employees’ data. All employee data is kept
            confidential and we take requisite measures to ensure information security when data is collected, stored
            and transferred. As for the protection of patients’ data, we carry out business activities in accordance
            with the requirements set out in the Law on Protection of the Rights and Interests of Consumers.


            In clinical trials, only necessary information of patients is collected. We use information systems from our
            contract research organizations (“CROs”) to enter and transmit human subjects’ data and information.
            We sign information protection agreements with our CROs and implement technical security measures,
            such as restricting access rights to ensure the protection of sensitive human subject information. In
            addition, we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent misuse or inappropriate
            disclosure of data, and any form of export of such information complies with all applicable regulations.
            Ongoing monitoring and updating are carried out as well.




254     BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Protection for the personal data of research subjects participating in the clinical trials include the
following:


1.   Contractual protections

     Our agreements with trial centers, principal investigators and clinical trial vendors require
     compliance with applicable laws, which include privacy and security laws, and strict confidentiality.


2.   Informed consent

     We and our clinical trial collaborators are all legally and contractually required, in accordance
     with the China Good Clinical Trial Practice (“GCP”) to obtain clinical trial subjects’ permission
     to collect personal data, share personal data with us, and if applicable, transfer personal data
     outside of China. This is conducted through the informed consent process, which includes written,
     documented consent from the parties involved.


     We have policies governing the preparation, review, approval and use of the informed consent
     form (“ICF”). ICF templates must be approved by the ethics committee of each clinical trial site
     in every trial. Under these policies, clinical trial subjects, prior to being enrolled in a clinical trial,
     would be informed in writing of the scope of the information to be collected from them as well as
     how, and to what extent, such information will be used, processed, transferred and stored, and
     requested to give their consent in writing. Our use of personal data obtained from clinical trial
     subjects complies with the terms of such consent.


3.   Regulatory Approvals

     We obtain approval from the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People’s Republic of China
     before the commencement of clinical trials in which we, and clinical trial centers in China, obtain
     human genetic resources (“HGR”), and before exporting the HGR samples or associated data
     outside of China.


4.   Security Measures

     We employ security measures that protect the confidentiality and security of data that we collect,
     store and otherwise process. Most clinical trial data maintained by us resides in validated quality
     systems that include additional security protections such as limited role-based access and firewall
     protection. Our employees must explicitly agree to comply with applicable security measures as
     outlined in our Acceptable Use Policy and attend mandatory security training sessions.




                                                 BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            255
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


           5.   Others

                 Our Code of Conduct mandates that all employees comply with applicable laws and protect
                 confidential information. Confidentiality obligations are further detailed in the employment
                 documents with all employees. These compliance and confidentiality obligations extend to the
                 protection of all personal data collected and processed by us, including the personal data of
                 clinical trial subjects.


      v.   Advertising and Labelling Compliance


           As required by the Classification Management Measures of Prescription Drugs and Non-Prescription
           Drugs and the Provisions for Drug Advertisement Examination relating to drug advertisement in China,
           prescription drugs are strictly forbidden from being advertised to the general public and are only
           permitted to be advertised in professional medical journals. Therefore, we manage publicity work strictly
           according to the regulations and do not advertise our products to the general public in China.


           Furthermore, all promotion and advertising-related interactions with healthcare professionals, including
           physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, pharmacists, or health plan administrators,
           must be consistent with the prescribing information approved by the relevant regulatory authorities.
           Under no circumstances may a product be promoted prior to its approval or for a use that has not been
           approved by the relevant regulatory authorities.


           We carry out product label management strictly in accordance with applicable PRC national laws and
           regulations, such as the Drug Instructions and Label Management Regulation published by the NMPA.
           We have established a detailed process for label-related decision making. All changes to product labels
           must be approved by the relevant authorities.


VII. ANTI-CORRUPTION


      BeiGene has a zero-tolerance policy for bribery and corruption. We stress implementation of anti-corruption
      control measures and strictly follow relevant laws and regulations against corruption, bribery and unfair
      competition, such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China against Unfair Competition, the US federal
      Anti-Kickback Statute, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). In 2019, we continue to improve
      management related to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering and meet the requirements of updated
      laws such as the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China.




256    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019       ANNUAL REPORT
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


At BeiGene, a comprehensive and robust compliance management system has been built, consisting of the
following key components:


•    Designated compliance officer and compliance committee;


•    Internal policies and procedures;


•    Education and training programs;


•    Platform/Lines of communications between employees and leadership;


•    Effective monitoring programs;


•    Independent investigations conducted by a professional investigations team; and


•    Enforcement and disciplinary actions.


The BeiGene Code of Conduct outlines the ethical and compliance principles that guide our daily operations
and embody our commitment to ethical business practices in all of our interactions with the healthcare
community, patients, suppliers, business partners, government regulators, shareholders, and each other.
In addition to the Code of Conduct, we put in place an anti-corruption policy and several relevant SOPs
to safeguard against any corruption. In 2019, we updated the Code of Conduct. SOPs such as BeiGene
Hosted Meetings and Grants SOP, Gift and Hospitality SOP, and Sponsorships and Donations SOP were
updated accordingly. Furthermore, with the implementation of systems for key processes including SAP,
reimbursement and conference management systems, we continuously improve our process controls.


i.   Compliance Education and Training


     At BeiGene, we are committed to promoting a culture of compliance and ethical operations. We develop
     education and training programs to help our employees fully understand the requirements of our
     compliance policies and relevant laws and regulations.


     We carry out both online and offline training programs. Through our eLMS, we provide tailored training
     programs for different employees based on roles and responsibilities. Every new employee is trained
     on company policies related to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering included in the Code
     of Conduct. There is online training, with all staff covered every quarter. In addition, we have quarterly
     knowledge test for sales personnel. On-site training is also provided, such as at regular business
     meetings. In March 2019, an anti-corruption training was provided to the BeiGene China Leadership
     Team including the heads of each business unit. The Board attended an anti-corruption training in
     September 2019.




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          257
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      ii.     Monitoring and Supervision


              We have set up comprehensive, risk-based monitoring programs to conduct monitoring activities on
              high-risk processes and transactions, including forensic data analytics, monthly travel and entertainment
              (“T&E”) transaction testing, quarterly independent monitoring programs by third parties, and annual
              review of specific high-risk processes. These monitoring programs help us timely identify risks, gaps and
              potential misconduct, so that we can take prompt remediation actions. We prepare compliance reports
              based on actual conditions and send to the Audit Committee for review every quarter.


              In 2019, we engaged third parties to conduct an internal review and transaction audit. Policies,
              procedures and key controls related to anti-bribery and anti-corruption were reviewed and improved.
              We included transactions related to anti-bribery and anti-corruption, including meetings, grants,
              sponsorships and donations, T&E, distributor management and Patient Assistant Program, in the audit,.
              We also hired a third party to help us build forensic data analytics capability.


              At BeiGene, we promote a culture of open-door communication. We have set up a complaint and
              whistle-blowing mechanism. People can anonymously report compliance concerns or any misconduct
              through our compliance hotline or web portal. The report system is available 24 hours a day, 365 days
              a year. The hotline and web portal access information is clearly listed in the Code of Conduct published
              on our website. We encourage our employees to ask questions or raise concerns with no hesitation
              or fear, and provide protection for whistleblowers. All reports will be investigated thoroughly and
              independently by designated compliance personnel. We take both corrective and preventive actions,
              such as disciplinary action and enhancement to policies, procedures and controls, in a timely manner in
              response to any findings identified in monitoring programs and investigations.


              To manage the report and investigation systematically, a report and investigation system was launched
              in March 2019. Through the system we receive all complaints and record all investigations. All
              investigation procedures, conclusions and remedial actions are also recorded in the system and are
              automatically notified to BeiGene Chief Compliance Officer, General Counsel and Audit Committee
              Chair.




258         BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


VIII. COMMUNITY INVESTMENT


   Our community investment focuses on patients. We offer various patient support programs, provide charitable
   donations to patient advocacy organizations, charitable foundations, industry associations and hospitals, and
   actively participate in and sponsor academic conferences or seminars to further advances in medicine and
   healthcare.


   i.   Patient Support Programs


        We provide patient support programs in China and the United States.


        In China, we collaborate with charitable foundations to provide patient assistance programs. For
        example, since October 2018, we have collaborated with the China Primary Health Care Foundation to
        develop a patient assistance program to provide REVLIMID® (lenalidomide) capsules to patients who
        meet certain medical criteria and economic criteria. In this program, lenalidomide capsules are provided
        to be used in conjunction with dexamethasone to treat adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple
        myeloma (“NDMM”) who have not previously been treated and are not eligible for transplantation, or
        patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (“RRMM”) who have received at least one therapy.


        Low-income patients with NDMM or RRMM, and patients living on minimum subsidy allowances with
        NDMM, are eligible to apply for assistance. After all information is verified by the China Primary Health
        Care Foundation, patients are provided with medical assistance to obtain standardized treatment. This
        program aims to provide eligible low-income patients with improved access to medical treatment and
        reduce family and social burdens.


        In the United States, we have established a comprehensive patient support program called
        myBeiGeneTM. myBeiGeneTM provides reimbursement and coverage support, copay assistance, and
        free drug for eligible patients to support access to BRUKINSATM (zanubrutinib).




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT         259
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      ii.     Donations and Sponsorship


              In 2019, we provided RMB277,000 in cash donations to support the healthcare community, including:


              •    RMB50,000 to the Chinese Anti-Cancer Association, to support poor cancer patients and fund
                   cancer prevention research;


              •    RMB82,000 to Beijing Love Book Cancer Foundation, for follow-up education activities for breast
                   cancer patients, advocating support from doctors and experts, and advocating access to medical
                   insurance policies;


              •    RMB20,000 to the Cancer Foundation of China to support poor cancer patients; and


              •    RMB125,000 to Hubei Cancer Hospital for cancer prevention and health education.


              We also participate in, and sponsor, many pharmaceutical academic conferences or forums to promote
              scientific exchanges.


              Since the outbreak of the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, BeiGene has proactively initiated various
              supporting activities and projects in our community. In January 2020, we donated medical supplies in
              the amount of approximately RMB1,000,000 to Wuhan City to support front-line medical workers. As of
              February 3, 2020, we donated more than 73,000 medical masks, more than 16,000 N95 masks, 5,000
              sets of protective clothing and approximate 150,000 pairs of medical gloves to support various hospitals
              in Hubei. We are also working to provide support to the communities where we operate in the United
              States and Europe.




260         BEIGENE, LTD.    •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
              REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.:


Opinion on the Financial Statements


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BeiGene, Ltd. (the Company) as of December
31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows and
shareholders’ equity for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2019 and
2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


Adoption of New Accounting Standard


As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting
for revenue from contracts with customers in the year ended December 31, 2018 and its method for accounting for
leases in the year ended December 31, 2019.


Basis for Opinion


These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.


Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          261
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


Critical Audit Matter


The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to
which it relates.


                                       Accrual of research and development expenses


Description of the Matter              During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized $927.3
                                       million in research and development (“R&D”) expenses. The balance of
                                       accrued external R&D activities related expenses as of December 31, 2019
                                       amounted to approximately $62.8 million. As described in Note 2 to the
                                       consolidated financial statements, R&D expenses primarily include costs
                                       related to clinical trials and preclinical testing paid to third-party contract
                                       research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations (collectively
                                       referred as “Outsourced Service Providers”).


                                       Auditing the accrual of R&D expenses related to Outsourced Service
                                       Providers is complex because billing terms under contracts with Outsourced
                                       Service Providers often do not coincide with the timing of when the work
                                       is performed, which in turn requires management to make estimates of
                                       outstanding obligations as of period end. These estimates are based on a
                                       number of factors, including management’s knowledge of the R&D programs
                                       and activities associated with timelines, invoicing to date, and the provisions
                                       in the contracts. Significant management judgments and estimates are
                                       required in determining the accrued balances at the end of any reporting
                                       period and changes in those estimates can have a material effect on the
                                       amount of R&D expenses recognized. This in turn led to significant auditor
                                       judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures to evaluate audit
                                       evidence for these estimates.




262     BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


How We Addressed the           We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the
  Matter in Our Audit          operating effectiveness of controls over the accrual of the R&D expenses.
                               For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the R&D
                               accrual method and the estimates of the actual services performed by the
                               Outsourced Service Providers.


                               To test the accrual of R&D expenses, our audit procedures included,
                               among others, reading the contracts with Outsourced Service Providers on
                               a sample basis and understanding and testing management’s process for
                               developing estimates based on the progress of the R&D activities. Testing
                               management’s process for developing the accrual estimates involved
                               evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the calculation
                               related to the R&D programs and associated timelines, invoicing to date
                               and the provisions in the contracts. We then evaluated the adequacy of
                               the accrual of R&D expenses by comparing it to the subsequent progress
                               billings issued by the Outsourced Service Providers. We also assessed the
                               appropriateness of the accrual method used by the Company in accordance
                               with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, including the adequacy
                               of related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
March 31, 2020




                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT     263
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                         Note       2019              2018
                                                                US$’ 000        US$’ 000


Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                      618,011         712,937
  Short-term restricted cash                              5          288          14,544
  Short-term investments                                  6      364,728       1,068,509
  Accounts receivable                                     7       70,878          41,056
  Inventories                                             8       28,553          16,242
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets              14       90,238          90,554


Total current assets                                            1,172,696      1,943,842


Non-current assets:
  Long-term restricted cash                               5        2,476          13,232
  Property and equipment, net                            11      242,402         157,061
  Land use right, net                                     2            –          45,058
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                    10       82,520                  –
  Intangible assets, net                                 12        5,846              7,172
  Deferred tax assets                                    13       37,894          29,542
  Other non-current assets                               14       68,455          53,777


Total non-current assets                                         439,593         305,842


Total assets                                                    1,612,289      2,249,684


Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                       15      122,488         113,283
  Accrued expenses and other payables                    14      163,556         100,414
  Deferred revenue, current portion                                    –          18,140
  Tax payable                                            13       13,454              5,888
  Operating lease liabilities, current portion           10       10,814                  –
  Long-term bank loans, current portion                  16            –              8,727


Total current liabilities                                        310,312         246,452




264      BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                                 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                         Note                2019              2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000       US$’ 000


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term bank loans, non-current portion                               16               83,311          40,785
  Shareholder loan                                                        17              157,384         148,888
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion                        10               25,833                 –
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                13               10,532          11,139
  Other long-term liabilities                                             14               46,562          48,773


Total non-current liabilities                                                             323,622         249,585


Total liabilities                                                                         633,934         496,037


Commitments and contingencies                                             26
Equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
     9,500,000,000 shares authorized; 801,340,698 and
     776,263,184 shares issued and outstanding as of
     December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively                                                  79                77
  Additional paid-in capital                                                           2,925,970        2,744,814
  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income                           22                (8,001)            1,526
  Accumulated deficit                                                                  (1,955,843)      (1,007,215)


  Total BeiGene, Ltd. shareholders’ equity                                                962,205       1,739,202


  Noncontrolling interests                                                                 16,150          14,445


Total equity                                                                              978,355       1,753,647


Total liabilities and equity                                                           1,612,289        2,249,684


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019      ANNUAL REPORT         265
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2019           2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000       US$’ 000


Revenue
  Product revenue, net                                                    18              222,596        130,885
  Collaboration revenue                                                   3               205,616         67,335


  Total revenues                                                                          428,212        198,220


Expenses
  Cost of sales – product                                                                  (71,190)       (28,705)
  Research and development                                                                (927,338)      (679,005)
  Selling, general and administrative                                                     (388,249)      (195,385)
  Amortization of intangible assets                                                         (1,326)          (894)


  Total expenses                                                                      (1,388,103)        (903,989)


Loss from operations                                                                      (959,891)      (705,769)
  Interest income, net                                                                       9,131        13,947
  Other income, net                                                                          7,174          1,993


Loss before income tax expense                                            19              (943,586)      (689,829)
Income tax (expense) benefit                                              13                (6,992)       15,796


Net loss                                                                                  (950,578)      (674,033)
Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                     (1,950)          (264)


Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                                    (948,628)      (673,769)


Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.,
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                              20                 (1.22)         (0.93)


Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted                    20        780,701,283       720,753,819


Net loss per American Depositary Share (“ADS”),
  basic and diluted (in US$)                                                                (15.80)        (12.15)


Weighted-average ADSs outstanding, basic and diluted                                 60,053,945        55,442,601


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




266    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                             2019         2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000    US$’ 000


Net loss                                                                                  (950,578)   (674,033)
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of nil:
Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                    (9,424)        (478)
Unrealized holding (loss) gain, net                                                           (448)       2,133


Comprehensive loss                                                                        (960,450)   (672,378)


Less: comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                           (2,295)        (352)


Comprehensive loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                          (958,155)   (672,026)


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019      ANNUAL REPORT    267
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2019          2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000     US$’ 000


Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss                                                                                (950,578)    (674,033)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
  net cash used in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization expense                                                    18,617        10,388
  Share-based compensation expense                                        21              134,154        87,127
  Acquired in-process research and development                                             69,000        70,000
  Non-cash interest expense                                                                 8,046         7,820
  Deferred income tax benefits                                                              (9,232)      (21,949)
  Other items, net                                                                          (9,443)       (9,856)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                                                      (29,822)      (11,628)
  Inventories                                                                              (12,311)       (5,312)
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                    45        (38,607)
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                      (11,484)            –
  Other non-current assets                                                                 (20,782)      (40,228)
  Accounts payable                                                                          2,224        23,470
  Accrued expenses and other payables                                                      64,030        50,543
  Tax payable                                                                               7,566         (3,355)
  Deferred revenue                                                                         (27,982)       (9,059)
  Operating lease liabilities                                                               9,201              –
  Other long-term liabilities                                                               8,482        16,962


Net cash used in operating activities                                                     (750,269)    (547,717)


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                                      (89,612)      (70,283)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                                                  –          (553)
  Payment for asset acquisition, net of cash acquired                     4                      –       (38,298)
  Purchases of investments                                                            (1,169,300)     (2,635,686)
  Proceeds from sale or maturity of available-for-sale securities                     1,882,075       2,177,207
  Purchase of in-process research and development                                          (69,000)      (70,000)


Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                       554,163      (637,613)



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




268    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         Note                2019          2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000    US$’ 000


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from public offering, net of underwriter discount               23                    –     758,001
  Payment of public offering cost                                          23                    –          (414)
  Proceeds from public offering and HK IPO,
    net of underwriter discount                                            23                    –     875,368
  Payment of public offering and HK IPO costs                              23                    –        (5,659)
  Proceeds from long-term bank loans                                       16              67,489         42,315
  Repayment of long-term bank loans                                        16              (32,813)       (8,736)
  Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest                                         4,000              –
  Proceeds from option exercises and employee share purchase plan                          47,004         29,662


Net cash provided by financing activities                                                  85,680     1,690,537


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                (9,512)       (4,096)


Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                    (119,938)    501,111
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                            740,713      239,602


Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                                  620,775      740,713


Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                               618,011      712,937
  Short-term restricted cash                                                                  288         14,544
  Long-term restricted cash                                                                  2,476        13,232
  Income taxes paid                                                                          8,984        12,361
  Interest paid                                                                              4,315         2,209
  Non-cash activities:
  Acquisitions of equipment included in accounts payable                                   29,086         22,105
  Purchase of in-process research and development
    included in accounts payable                                                                 –        19,000
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities adjusted
    through accumulated deficit                                                                  –         2,291


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019      ANNUAL REPORT     269
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                Attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.
                                                                  Additional                                                     Non-
                                         Ordinary Shares             Paid-In Accumulated Accumulated                       Controlling
                                         Shares       Amount         Capital            OCI        Deficit        Total      Interests        Total
                                                     US$’000       US$’000          US$’000      US$’000      US$’000        US$’000      US$’000


Balance at January 1, 2018          592,072,330            59     1,000,747             (217)    (333,446)     667,143         14,797      681,940

Issuance of ordinary shares in
  connection with follow-on
  public offering                   102,970,400            10       757,577                –             –     757,587               –     757,587
Issuance of ordinary shares in
  connection with global offering
  and HK IPO                         65,600,000             7       869,702                –             –     869,709               –     869,709
Issuance of shares reserved for
  share option exercises              1,299,186             –              –               –             –            –              –            –
Share-based compensation                      –             –        87,127                –             –      87,127               –      87,127
Exercise of options and release
  of RSUs                            14,321,268            1         29,661                –             –      29,662               –      29,662
Other comprehensive
  income (“OCI”)                              –             –              –           1,743             –       1,743             (88)      1,655
Net loss                                      –             –              –               –     (673,769)     (673,769)         (264)     (674,033)


Balance at December 31, 2018        776,263,184            77     2,744,814            1,526    (1,007,215)   1,739,202        14,445     1,753,647


Contributions from shareholders               –             –              –               –             –            –         4,000         4,000
Exercise of options, ESPP and
  release of RSUs                    20,571,675             2        47,002                –             –      47,004               –      47,004
Issuance of shares reserved for
  share options exercise              4,505,839             –              –               –             –            –              –            –
Share-based compensation                      –             –       134,154                –             –     134,154               –     134,154
Other comprehensive loss                      –             –              –          (9,527)            –       (9,527)         (345)       (9,872)
Net loss                                      –             –              –               –     (948,628)     (948,628)       (1,950)     (950,578)


Balance at December 31, 2019        801,340,698            79     2,925,970           (8,001)   (1,955,843)    962,205         16,150      978,355


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




270         BEIGENE, LTD.            •     2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION


     BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) is a global commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing
     and commercializing innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology cancer therapeutics. The
     Company started as a research and development company in Beijing in 2010. Over the last ten years, it has
     developed into a fully-integrated global biotechnology company, with significant commercial, manufacturing,
     and research and development capabilities.


     The Company has built substantial commercial capabilities in China and the United States, and is currently
     marketing two internally-developed drugs and three in-licensed drugs. The Company also anticipates
     introducing five more in-licensed drugs into the China market in the next one to two years. In the United
     States, the Company markets BRUKINSATM (zanubrutinib) for adult patients with mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”)
     who have received at least one prior therapy and in China, the Company markets tislelizumab for patients with
     classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma (“cHL”) who have received at least two prior therapies. As of March 31, 2020,
     the Company has filed four additional supplementary new drug applications (“sNDA”) for regulatory approvals
     in China and is planning for launches in these additional indications in 2020. The Company’s in-licensed
     portfolio includes ABRAXANE® (paclitaxel albumin-bound particles for injectable suspension), REVLIMID®
     (lenalidomide) and VIDAZA® (azacitidine for injection), which it has been marketing in China since 2017 under
     a license from Celgene Logistics Sàrl, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”). The Company plans on
     launching additional in-licensed products in China from its collaborations, including XGEVA ® (denosumab),
     KYPROLIS ® (carfilzomib) and BLINCYTO ® (blinatumomab) from Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”), and SYLVANT ®
     (siltuximab) and QARZIBA® ▼ (dinutuximab beta), from EUSA Pharma (“EUSA”).


     As at December 31, 2019, the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                          Particulars of Percentage of
                                     Place of            issued/paid-in Ownership by
     Name of Company                 Incorporation              capital   the Company    Principal Activities


     BeiGene 101                     Cayman Islands                 nil         100%     Inactive
     BeiGene AUS Pty Ltd.            Australia                   US$1           100%     Clinical trial activities
       (“BeiGene Australia”)
     BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd.     PRC**               US$46,711,000          100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
       (“BeiGene Beijing”)                                                               and development
     BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.     PRC**            RMB2,000,000,000            95%    Biologics manufacturing
       (“BeiGene Biologics”)
     BeiGene (Canada) ULC            Canada                         nil         100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                         development and commercial
     BeiGene ESP SL                  Spain                   EUR 3,000          100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                         development and commercial




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2019      ANNUAL REPORT              271
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.    ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                                       Particulars of Percentage of
                                             Place of                 issued/paid-in Ownership by
      Name of Company                        Incorporation                   capital   the Company    Principal Activities


      BeiGene France Sarl                    France                       EUR 7,500          100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                      development and commercial
      BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics            PRC**                 RMB1,000,000,000           95%     Biologics manufacturing
        Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
        (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”)*
      BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.          PRC**                    US$90,000,000          100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
        (“BeiGene Guangzhou”)
      BeiGene Germany GmbH                   Germany                     EUR 25,000          100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                      development and commercial
      BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.      Hong Kong, China                 HK$1           100%     Investment holding
        (“BeiGene HK”)
      Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co., Ltd.    PRC**                     US$4,000,000          100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
        (“Innerway”)                                                                                  and manufacturing
      BeiGene (Italy) Sarl                   Italy                       EUR 10,000          100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                      development and commercial
      BeiGene Ireland Limited                Republic of Ireland                 nil         100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Ireland”)                                                                           development and commercial
      BeiGene Korea Y.H.                     Korea                 KRW 100,000,000           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                      development and commercial
      BeiGene Pharmaceuticals                PRC**                    RMB3,800,000           100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene                                                               and manufacturing
        Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou)”)
      BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai)      PRC**                     US$1,000,000          100%     Medical and pharmaceutical consulting,
        Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Pharmaceutical                                                            marketing and promotional services
        (Shanghai)”)
      BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           PRC**                   RMB34,344,310            95%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
        (“BeiGene Shanghai”)*
      BeiGene Singapore Pte., Ltd.           Singapore                       SGD 1           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                                      development and commercial
      BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.             PRC**                    US$64,000,000          100%     Medical and pharmaceutical research
        (“BeiGene Suzhou”)                                                                            and manufacturing
      BeiGene Switzerland GmbH               Switzerland                 CHF 20,000          100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
        (“BeiGene Switzerland”)                                                                       development and commercial




272     BEIGENE, LTD.              •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION (Continued)


                                                             Particulars of Percentage of
                                         Place of           issued/paid-in Ownership by
     Name of Company                     Incorporation             capital   the Company    Principal Activities


     BeiGene (Taiwan) Limited            Taiwan, China       TWD 500,000           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                            development and commercial
     BeiGene UK, Ltd. (“BeiGene UK”)     United Kingdom          GBP 100           100%     Research, development, manufacture
                                                                                            and distribution or licensing of
                                                                                            pharmaceutical and related products
     BeiGene United Kingdom, Ltd.        United Kingdom                nil         100%     Investment holding
     BeiGene USA, Inc. (“BeiGene USA”)   United States              US$1           100%     Medical, pharmaceutical research and
                                                                                            development and commercial
     MapKure, LLC                        United States      US$4,000,000             71%    Medical and pharmaceutical research
                                                                                            and development

     *      Wholly-owned by BeiGene Biologics


     **     Limited liability company established in PRC


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


     Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation


     The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
     accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”), as
     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the “HK Listing Rules”) and the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the
     Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances between the Company
     and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are eliminated upon consolidation.


     Noncontrolling interests are recognized to reflect the portion of the equity of subsidiaries which are not
     attributable, directly or indirectly, to the controlling shareholders. The Company consolidates its interests in
     its joint ventures, BeiGene Biologics and MapKure, LLC, under the voting model and recognizes the minority
     shareholders’ equity interest as a noncontrolling interest in its consolidated financial statements.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.         •     2019     ANNUAL REPORT                  273
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Use of Estimates


      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
      make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures of
      contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
      and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses subjective judgment include, but are not
      limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets, estimating variable consideration in product sales
      and collaboration revenue arrangements, identifying separate accounting units and the standalone selling
      price of each performance obligation in the Company’s revenue arrangements, estimating the fair value of
      net assets acquired in business combinations, assessing the impairment of long-lived assets, share-based
      compensation expenses, realizability of deferred tax assets, estimating uncertain tax positions, measurement
      of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and the fair value of financial instruments. Management bases
      the estimates on historical experience, known trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be
      reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
      liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


      Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Translation


      Functional currency

      The Company uses the United States dollar (“US$”) as its reporting currency. Operations in subsidiaries are
      recorded in the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. The determination of functional currency is
      based on the criteria of Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters.


      Foreign currency translation

      For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the average exchange
      rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, to translate the operating results and
      financial position to U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, respectively. Translation differences are recorded in
      accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity. Transactions denominated
      in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange
      rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities are
      remeasured at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange gains and losses are
      included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.




274    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash


     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to
     withdrawal and use. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of
     three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which consist primarily
     of money market funds are stated at fair value.


     Restricted cash

     Restricted cash primarily consists of RMB-denominated cash deposits pledged in designated bank accounts as
     collateral for bank loans and letters of credit. The Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current
     based on the term of the restriction.


     Accounts Receivable


     Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of trade discounts and allowances
     as well as allowances for doubtful accounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded when the
     collection of the full amount is no longer probable. In evaluating the collectability of receivable balances, the
     Company considers specific evidence including aging of the receivable, the customer’s payment history, its
     current creditworthiness and current economic trends. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection
     efforts have ceased. The Company regularly reviews the adequacy and appropriateness of any allowance for
     doubtful accounts. No allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded as of December 31, 2019.


     Inventory


     Prior to the regulatory approval of product candidates, the Company may incur expenses for the manufacture
     of drug product to support the commercial launch of those products. Until the date at which regulatory
     approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, all such costs are recorded as research and
     development expenses as incurred.


     To date the Company’s inventory has consisted entirely of finished goods inventory purchased from Celgene
     Logistics Sàrl, a BMS Company. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost
     determined on a weighted-average basis. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes
     down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable
     value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The determination of
     whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates by management. If actual market conditions are
     less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be required, which
     would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. There have been no write-downs or reserves
     against inventory to date.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          275
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Short-Term Investments


      Investments with original maturities of greater than three months at the date of purchase and less than one
      year from the date of the balance sheet are classified as short-term. Short-term debt investments held to
      maturity are carried at amortized cost when the Company has the ability and positive intent to hold these
      securities until maturity. When the Company does not have the ability or positive intent to hold short-term
      debt investments until maturity, these securities are classified as available-for-sale. None of the Company’s
      fixed maturity securities met the criteria for held-to-maturity classification at December 31, 2019 and 2018.


      Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax,
      reported in other comprehensive loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified as available-for-sale
      is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is
      computed using the effective interest method and included in interest income. Interest and dividends are
      included in interest income.


      When the fair value of a debt security classified as available-for-sale is less than its amortized cost, the
      Company assesses whether or not: (i) it has the intent to sell the security or (ii) it is more likely than not that
      the Company will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions
      is met, the Company must recognize an other-than-temporary impairment through earnings for the difference
      between the debt security’s amortized cost basis and its fair value. No impairment losses were recorded for
      any periods presented.


      The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.


      Property and Equipment


      Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is
      computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:


                                                                                Useful Life


      Building                                                                  20 years
      Manufacturing equipment                                                   3 to 10 years
      Laboratory Equipment                                                      3 to 5 years
      Software, Electronic and Office Equipment                                 3 to 5 years
      Leasehold Improvements                                                    Lesser of useful life or lease term




276    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Leases


     Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC
     842”) using the effective date method. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The
     Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single
     lease component based on the Company’s policy election to combine lease and non-lease components for its
     leases. Leases are classified as operating or finance leases in accordance with the recognition criteria in ASC
     842-20-25. The Company’s lease portfolio consists entirely of operating leases as of December 31, 2019. The
     Company’s leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.


     At the commencement date of a lease, the Company determines the classification of the lease based on the
     relevant factors present and records a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and lease liability. ROU assets represent
     the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make
     lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are calculated as the present value
     of the lease payments not yet paid. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate are excluded
     from the ROU asset and lease liability calculations and are recognized in expense in the period which the
     obligation for those payments is incurred. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not typically readily
     available, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
     commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. This incremental borrowing rate
     reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease
     payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. ROU assets include
     any lease prepayments and are reduced by lease incentives. Operating lease expense for lease payments is
     recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease terms are based on the non-cancelable term
     of the lease and may contain options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will
     exercise that option.


     Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated
     balance sheet. Lease liabilities that become due within one year of the balance sheet date are classified as
     current liabilities.


     Leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
     Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           277
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Land Use Right, Net


      All land in the PRC is owned by the PRC government. The PRC government may sell land use rights for
      a specified period of time. Land use rights represent operating leases in accordance with ASC 842. The
      purchase price of land use rights represents lease prepayments to the PRC government and is recorded as an
      operating lease ROU asset on the balance sheet. The ROU asset is amortized over the remaining lease term.


      In 2017, the Company acquired a land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in Guangzhou
      for the purpose of constructing and operating the biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou. In 2019,
      the Company acquired a second Guangzhou land use right from the local Bureau of Land and Resources in
      Guangzhou. Both Guangzhou land use rights are being amortized over the respective terms of the land use
      rights, which are each 50 years.


      In 2018, the Company acquired a land use right in conjunction with the Innerway asset acquisition (see Note 4).
      The land use right is being amortized over the term of the land use right, which is 36 years.


      Business Combinations


      The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in
      accordance with ASC topic 805 (“ASC 805”): Business Combinations. The acquisition method of accounting
      requires all of the following steps: (i) identifying the acquirer, (ii) determining the acquisition date, (iii)
      recognizing and measuring the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
      interest in the acquiree, and (iv) recognizing and measuring goodwill or a gain from a bargain purchase.
      The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured as the aggregate of the fair values at
      the date of exchange of the assets given, liabilities incurred, and equity instruments issued as well as the
      contingent considerations and all contractual contingencies as of the acquisition date.


      The costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets, liabilities and
      contingent liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair value as of the acquisition
      date, irrespective of the extent of any noncontrolling interests. The excess of (i) acquisition consideration,
      fair value of the noncontrolling interests and acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest
      in the acquiree over (ii) the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree, is recorded as goodwill. If
      the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is
      recognized directly in the consolidated statements of operations as a gain.




278    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Business Combinations (Continued)


     The Company allocates the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
     assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of
     purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
     Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect
     to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets may include, but are not limited
     to, future expected cash flows from acquired assets, timing and probability of success of clinical events
     and regulatory approvals, and assumptions on useful lives and discount rates. Management’s estimates of
     fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and
     unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Additional information, such as that
     related to income tax and other contingencies, existing as of the acquisition date but unknown to us may
     become known during the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the acquisition
     date, which may result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded.


     Acquisitions that do not meet the accounting definition of a business combination are accounted for as asset
     acquisitions. For transactions determined to be asset acquisitions, the Company allocates the total cost of the
     acquisition, including transaction costs, to the net assets acquired based on their relative fair values.


     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


     Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a
     business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company allocates
     the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
     values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over the fair value of the
     net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized,
     but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would
     indicate a potential impairment.


     The Company has elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
     that the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The
     qualitative assessment includes the Company’s evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
     Company’s single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the Company’s
     overall financial performance, and trends in the market price of the Company’s ADSs. If qualitative factors
     indicate that it is more likely than not that the Company’s reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying
     amount, then the Company will perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the reporting unit’s
     carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
     its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended
     December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of
     goodwill.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT        279
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Continued)


      Intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill
      and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Intangible assets acquired in transactions that are not
      business combinations are recorded at the allocated portion of total consideration transferred based on
      their relative fair value in relation to net assets acquired. Acquired identifiable intangible assets consist of
      distribution rights for approved cancer therapies licensed from BMS, ABRAXANE®, REVLIMID®, and VIDAZA®,
      and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is 10 years, and
      the trading license which represents the Guangzhou drug distribution license acquired on September 21, 2018
      (see Note 4). The Company is amortizing the trading license over the remainder of the license term through
      February 2020.


      Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances occur that
      could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the
      Company evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount of the
      assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
      disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets,
      the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over
      their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows expected to be generated
      by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and
      2018, the Company determined that there were no indicators of impairment of its other intangible assets.


      Impairment of Long-Lived Assets


      Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or
      disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which
      indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are reported at the lower of
      carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there was
      no impairment of the value of the Company’s long-lived assets.




280    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Fair Value Measurements


     Fair value of financial instruments

     Financial instruments of the Company primarily include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term
     investments, accounts receivable, long-term bank loans, Shareholder Loan (as defined in Note 17) and
     accounts payable. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents,
     restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated their fair values due to the
     short-term maturity of these instruments. The short-term investments represented the available-for-sale debt
     securities. The available-for-sale debt securities are recorded at fair value based on quoted prices in active
     markets with unrealized gain or loss recorded in other comprehensive loss. The long-term bank loans and
     Shareholder Loan approximate their fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate the
     rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities.


     The Company applies ASC topic 820 (“ASC 820”), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , in measuring fair
     value. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures to
     be provided on fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes
     the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


     Level 1 – Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
     markets.


     Level 2 – Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.


     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


     ASC 820 describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: (1) market
     approach; (2) income approach and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant
     information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The
     income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount. The
     measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.
     The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace an asset.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT        281
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)


      Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis

      The following tables set forth assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December
      31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                             Quoted Price
                                                         in Active Market            Significant          Significant
                                                              for Identical   Other Observable         Unobservable
      As of December 31, 2019                             Assets (Level 1)      Inputs (Level 2)      Inputs (Level 3)
                                                                 US$’ 000              US$’ 000             US$’ 000


      Short-term investment (Note 6):
        U.S. treasury securities                                  364,728                      –                    –
      Cash equivalents
        U.S. treasury securities                                   16,442
        Money market funds                                         50,461                      –                    –


      Total                                                       431,631                      –                    –


                                                             Quoted Price
                                                          in Active Market           Significant           Significant
                                                              for Identical   Other Observable         Unobservable
      As of December 31, 2018                              Assets (Level 1)      Inputs (Level 2)     Inputs (Level 3)
                                                                 US$’ 000              US$’ 000             US$’ 000


      Short-term investment (Note 6):
        U.S. treasury securities                                1,068,509                      –                    –
      Cash equivalents
        Money market funds                                        159,810                      –                    –


      Total                                                     1,228,319                      –                    –




282    BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Revenue Recognition


     Effective January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 606, Revenue
     from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”) using the modified retrospective method.


     Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
     services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those
     goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within
     the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
     (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
     consideration, if any; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
     (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
     the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it is
     entitled in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.


     Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews
     the contract to determine which performance obligations it must deliver and which of these performance
     obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is
     allocated to each performance obligation when that performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied.


     Product revenue


     The Company’s product revenues are generated from the sale of ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA to its
     product distributor in China, the Company’s sole customer in China. The first tier distributor subsequently
     resells the products to second tier distributors who ultimately sell the products to health care providers
     and patients. Following FDA approval on November 14, 2019, the Company began selling its first internally
     developed drug, BRUKINSA, in the United States to specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors, the
     Company’s U.S. customers. The specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors subsequently resell the
     product to health care providers and patients. The Company is the principal under the product sales as the
     Company controls the products with the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the remaining
     benefits from the products before they are sold to the customer. For product sales transactions, the Company
     has a single performance obligation which is to sell the products to its customer. The Company includes
     variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not
     occur and estimates variable consideration from rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances,
     sales returns allowances and other incentives using the expected value method. Revenues for product sales
     are recognized at a point in time when the single performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery to the
     customer. The Company’s payment terms are approximately 60-90 days. Actual amounts of consideration
     ultimately received may differ from the Company’s estimates. The Company will reassess estimates for
     variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from the Company’s estimates, the
     Company will adjust these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such
     variances become known.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            283
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Product revenue (Continued)


      In China, rebates, including price compensation credits, are offered to distributors, consistent with
      pharmaceutical industry practices. The Company records a provision for rebates at the time of sale based
      on contracted rates and historical redemption rates. Assumptions used to establish the provision include the
      level of distributor inventories, sales volumes and contract pricing and estimated acceptance of government
      pricing or reimbursement amounts (such as provincial acceptance of the National Reimbursement Drug List
      pricing in the PRC). The Company regularly reviews the information related to these estimates and adjusts the
      provision accordingly.


      In the United States, estimates for variable consideration for which reserves are established at the time of sale
      include government rebates, chargebacks, trade discounts and allowances, sales returns allowances and
      other incentives that are offered within contracts between the Company and its US customers, health care
      providers and other indirect customers. Where appropriate, these estimates take into consideration a range
      of possible outcomes that are probability-weighted for relevant factors such as our historical experience,
      current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and
      forecasted customer buying and payment patterns. U.S. product revenues and related reserves for variable
      consideration were not significant for the year ended December 31, 2019 as the Company did not begin
      generating product revenue in the United States until after BRUKINSA received FDA approval on November
      14, 2019.


      The Company bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as
      reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. For newly
      launched products where actual returns history is not yet available, the sales returns allowance is initially
      calculated based on benchmarking data from similar products and industry experience. If the historical or
      benchmarking data the Company uses to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then
      a change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and revenues
      in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in
      determining the current sales return allowance. To date, sales returns have not been significant.




284    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Collaboration revenue


     At contract inception, the Company analyzes its collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within
     the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (“ASC 808”) to determine whether such arrangements
     involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and
     exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. For
     collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, the Company first
     determines which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that
     are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and therefore within the scope of ASC 606. For elements
     of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method
     is determined and applied consistently.


     In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its
     agreements, the Company performs the five-step model under ASC 606 noted above.


     The Company’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one unit of account, or performance
     obligation, including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
     development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of
     return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must develop
     assumptions that require judgment to determine the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation
     identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone selling price for a performance obligation, the
     Company considers competitor pricing for a similar or identical product, market awareness of and perception
     of the product, expected product life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to
     each performance obligation is recognized when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a
     good or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable payments
     received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from
     customers.


     Licenses of Intellectual Property: Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Company’s intellectual
     property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other performance obligations identified
     in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct, the Company recognizes revenues from
     non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license at a point in time, when the license is transferred to the
     licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license.


     Research and Development Services: The portion of the transaction price allocated to research and
     development services performance obligations is deferred and recognized as collaboration revenue over time
     as delivery or performance of such services occurs. R&D reimbursement revenue for revenue attributable to
     the clinical trials that BMS had opted into is recognized as delivery or performance of such services occurs.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          285
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Collaboration revenue (Continued)


      Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments,
      the Company evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimates the
      amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a
      significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction
      price. Milestones related to the Company’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
      phases of clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, they are
      generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Company will assess whether the variable consideration
      is fully constrained each reporting period based on the facts and circumstances surrounding the clinical trials.
      Upon changes to constraint associated with the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be
      included in the transaction price when a significant reversal of revenue recognized is not expected to occur
      and allocated to the separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the
      period in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the approval
      process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period regulatory approval is
      obtained.


      Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on
      the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the
      Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance
      obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


      Research and Development Expenses


      Research and development expenses represent costs associated with the collaborative arrangements, which
      primarily include (i) payroll and related costs (including share-based compensation) associated with research
      and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of the Company’s
      technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the product candidates, including raw materials and
      supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services
      provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other
      research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as
      incurred when these expenditures relate to the Company’s research and development services and have no
      alternative future uses.




286    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Research and Development Expenses (Continued)


     Clinical trial costs are a significant component of the Company’s research and development expenses. The
     Company has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
     of the Company in the ongoing development of the Company’s product candidates. Expenses related to
     clinical trials are accrued based on the Company’s estimates of the actual services performed by the third
     parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes
     in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the Company will modify the related accruals
     accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period
     in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain. There were no material adjustments
     for a change in estimate to research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial
     statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.


     Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense


     The Company has acquired rights to develop and commercialize product candidates. Upfront payments
     that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments,
     are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they
     are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would
     constitute a “business” as defined under GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for marketing
     and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use. Milestone payments made
     to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized over
     the estimated remaining useful life of the related product. Royalties owed on sales of the products licensed
     pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are recognized.


     Government Grants


     Government financial incentives that involve no conditions or continuing performance obligations of the
     Company are recognized as other non-operating income upon receipt. In the event government grants
     or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Company will capitalize the payment as a
     liability and recognize the same financial statement caption as the performance obligation relates over the
     performance period.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          287
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Comprehensive Loss


      Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions
      and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by owners and
      distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, requires that all items
      that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss
      be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
      For each of the periods presented, the Company’s comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency
      translation adjustments and unrealized holding gains/losses associated with the available-for-sale debt
      securities, and is presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


      Share-Based Compensation


      Awards granted to employees

      The Company applies ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”), to account for its employee
      share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determines whether an award should be
      classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Company’s grants of share-based
      awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements based
      on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of share options is calculated using an
      option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and restricted share units are based on the closing
      market price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant. The Company has
      elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity awards
      granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost
      recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at
      that date. The Company uses the accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on
      performance conditions. To the extent the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of
      the share-based awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed.
      ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
      period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


      Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover rates and are
      adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense
      is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for those share-based awards
      that are expected to vest. To the extent the Company revises these estimates in the future, the share-based
      payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in following periods. The Company,
      with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, determined the estimated fair value of the
      stock options granted to employees using the binomial option pricing model.




288    BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Share-Based Compensation (Continued)


     Awards granted to non-employees

     The Company has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
     provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity. All transactions in which goods or services are received in
     exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the
     fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date of the
     fair value of the equity instrument issued is the date on which the counterparty’s performance is completed
     as there is no associated performance commitment. The expense is recognized in the same manner as if the
     Company had paid cash for the services provided by the non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50,
     Equity-based payments to non-employees. The Company estimated the fair value of share options granted to
     non-employees using the same method as employees.


     Modification of awards

     A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of the award.
     Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over
     the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair
     value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested awards, the Company
     recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. For unvested awards, the
     Company recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation
     cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date.
     If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before
     modification, the minimum compensation cost the Company recognizes is the cost of the original award.


     Income Taxes


     The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
     assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax
     bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the
     differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
     some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT         289
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Income Taxes (Continued)


      The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which
      prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
      financial statements. The Company recognizes in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which is
      “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of the position
      assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the recognition
      threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest amount of tax benefit that
      has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It is the Company’s policy to
      recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax
      expense.


      Loss Per Share


      Loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. Basic loss per ordinary share
      is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of
      ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the two-class method,
      net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities based on dividends declared
      (or accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if all the earnings for the reporting
      period had been distributed. The Company’s restricted shares are participating securities because they have
      contractual rights to share in the profits of the Company.


      However, the restricted shares do not have contractual rights and obligations to share in the losses of the
      Company. For the periods presented herein, the computation of basic loss per share using the two-class
      method is not applicable as the Company is in a net loss position.


      Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders as adjusted
      for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number of ordinary and
      dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares consist of
      the ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares using the
      if-converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the share options and unvested
      restricted shares, using the treasury stock method.


      Ordinary share equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
      be anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Company’s consolidated
      statements of operations.




290    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Segment Information


     In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting, the Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief
     Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources
     and assessing performance of the Company as a whole and hence, the Company has only one reportable
     segment: pharmaceutical products.


     Concentration of Risks


     Concentration of credit risk

     Financial instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents
     and short-term investments. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and short-term
     investments represent the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
     US$618,011,000 and US$712,937,000 were deposited with various major reputable financial institutions
     located in the PRC and international financial institutions outside of the PRC. The deposits placed with
     financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one
     of these financial institutions, the Company may be unlikely to claim its deposits back in full. Management
     believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality and continually monitors the credit
     worthiness of these financial institutions. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had short-term
     investments amounting to US$364,728,000 and US$1,068,509,000, respectively.


     At December 31, 2019, the Company’s short-term investments were comprised of U.S. treasury securities.
     The Company believes that U.S. treasury securities are of high credit quality and continually monitor the credit
     worthiness of these institutions.


     Customer concentration risk

     For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, substantially all of the Company’s revenue was from BMS
     and our product distributor, China Resources, in China.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          291
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Concentration of Risks (Continued)


      Business, customer, political, social and economic risks

      The Company participates in a dynamic biopharmaceutical industry and believes that changes in any of the
      following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future financial position, results of
      operations or cash flows: changes in the overall demand for services and products; competitive pressures due
      to new entrants; advances and new trends in new drugs and industry standards; changes in clinical research
      organizations, contract manufacturers and other key vendors; changes in certain strategic relationships or
      customer relationships; regulatory considerations; intellectual property considerations; and risks associated
      with the Company’s ability to attract and retain employees necessary to support its growth. The Company’s
      operations could be also adversely affected by significant political, economic and social uncertainties in the
      PRC.


      Currency convertibility risk

      A significant portion of the Company’s expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On January
      1, 1994, the PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as
      quoted daily by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). However, the unification of the exchange rates
      does not imply that the RMB may be readily convertible into U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies. All foreign
      exchange transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and
      sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments by
      the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices,
      shipping documents and signed contracts.


      Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international
      economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading
      system market.


      Foreign currency exchange rate risk

      From July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket
      of certain foreign currencies. For RMB against U.S. dollar, there was depreciation of approximately 1.3% and
      depreciation of approximately 5.7%, in the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. It is difficult to predict
      how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and
      the U.S. dollar in the future.




292     BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Concentration of Risks (Continued)


     Foreign currency exchange rate risk (Continued)

     To the extent that the Company needs to convert U.S. dollar into RMB for capital expenditures and working
     capital and other business purposes, appreciation of RMB against U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect
     on the RMB amount the Company would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if the Company decides to
     convert RMB into U.S. dollar for the purpose of making payments for dividends on ordinary shares, strategic
     acquisitions or investments or other business purposes, appreciation of U.S. dollar against RMB would have
     a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to the Company. In addition, a significant depreciation of
     the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Company’s earnings
     or losses.


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements


     New accounting standards which have been adopted

     In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU No. 2016-2, Leases .
     Subsequently, the FASB issued ASU 2018-1, Land Easement Practical Expedient , which provides an optional
     transition practical expedient for land easements, ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842,
     Leases , which clarifies certain aspects of the guidance issued in ASU 2016-2; ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic
     842): Targeted Improvements , which provides an additional transition method and a practical expedient
     for separating components of a contract for lessors, ASU 2018-20, Leases (Topic 842)- Narrow-Scope
     Improvements for Lessors , which allows certain accounting policy elections for lessors; and ASU 2019-1,
     Leases (Topic 842): Codification Improvements , which clarifies certain aspects of the guidance (collectively,
     the “Lease ASUs”). The Lease ASUs require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to lease
     arrangements longer than 12 months on the balance sheet. This standard also requires additional disclosures
     by lessees and contains targeted changes to accounting by lessors. The updated guidance was effective for
     interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. Leases will be
     classified as finance or operating, with the classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense
     recognition. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease
     by a lessee have not significantly changed from previous GAAP. A modified retrospective transition approach
     is required, applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial adoption. The guidance
     permits entities to choose to use either its effective date or the beginning of the earliest period presented in
     the financial statements as its date of initial application.




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          293
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


      New accounting standards which have been adopted (Continued)

      The Company adopted the new standard effective January 1, 2019 using the effective date method and
      did not restate comparative periods. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted
      under the transition guidance within the new standard, which permits the Company not to reassess under
      the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs.
      Upon adoption, the Company recognized a lease liability of US$27,446,000, with corresponding ROU assets
      of US$25,978,000 based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments under existing
      operating leases. The difference between the lease liability and right-of-use asset relates to the reversal of
      existing deferred rent and prepaid rent balances of US$1,739,000 and US$271,000, respectively. Additionally,
      the Company reclassified its land use rights of US$45,058,000 to ROU assets upon adoption. The adoption of
      the standard did not impact the Company’s consolidated statements of operations or cash flows.


      In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic
      220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This update
      provides companies the option to reclassify to retained earnings the income tax accounting effects related
      to items originating in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts
      and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) enacted on December 22, 2017. This update was effective in fiscal years, including
      interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. None of the income tax
      accounting effects of the TCJA related to items that originated in AOCI and thus adopting of this standard
      did not have any impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Other tax effects of items that
      originate in AOCI will be removed when the underlying circumstance which gives rise to the tax impact no
      longer exists, based on an aggregate portfolio approach.




294    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


     Impact of adopted accounting standards

     The cumulative effect of changes made to the Company’s consolidated January 1, 2019 balance sheet for the
     adoption of the Lease ASUs were as follows:


                                                                     Balance at        Adjustments       Balance at
                                                                  December 31,               Due to       January 1,
                                                                            2018        Lease ASUs             2019
                                                                       US$’ 000             US$’ 000       US$’ 000


     Assets:
       Prepaid expenses and other current assets                          90,554                (271)         90,283
       Land use right, net                                                45,058             (45,058)              –
       Operating lease right-of-use assets                                       –           71,036           71,036
     Liabilities:
       Accrued expenses and other payables                              100,414                 (888)         99,526
       Current portion of operating lease liabilities                            –            8,684            8,684
       Operating lease liabilities                                               –           18,762           18,762
       Other long-term liabilities                                        48,773                (851)         47,922


     New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted

     In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (“ASU 2016-13”).
     Subsequently, the FASB issued ASU 2019-05, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Targeted
     Transition Relief and ASU 2019-11 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments – Credit
     Losses . The amendments in ASU 2016-13 update guidance on reporting credit losses for financial assets.
     These amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance
     sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope
     that have the contractual right to receive cash. For public business entities that are U.S. SEC filers, ASU
     2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal
     years. The Company does not currently anticipate the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact to its
     financial statements.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •       2019   ANNUAL REPORT       295
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


      Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


      New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted (Continued)

      In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework-
      Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement . The update eliminates, modifies, and
      adds certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. This update is effective in fiscal years,
      including interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. The added
      disclosure requirements and the modified disclosure on the narrative description of measurement uncertainty
      should be applied prospectively for only the most recent interim or annual period presented. All other changes
      to disclosure requirements in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented upon their
      effective date. The Company does not expect the impact of this guidance to have a material impact on the
      Company’s consolidated financial statements.


      In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software
      (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing
      Arrangement That Is a Service Contract . This update requires a customer in a cloud computing arrangement
      that is a service contract to follow the internal-use software guidance in ASC 350-40 to determine which
      implementation costs to defer and recognize as an asset. This update is effective in fiscal years, including
      interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. This guidance should be
      applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption.
      The Company does not expect the impact of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company’s
      consolidated financial statements.


      In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-18, Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808): Clarifying
      the Interaction between Topic 808 and Topic 606 . This update clarifies that certain transactions between
      participants in a collaborative arrangement should be accounted for under ASC 606 when the counterparty
      is a customer and precludes an entity from presenting consideration from a transaction in a collaborative
      arrangement as revenue from contracts with customers if the counterparty is not a customer for that
      transaction. The update is effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods
      therein, and early adoption is permitted for entities that have adopted ASC 606. This guidance should be
      applied retrospectively to the date of initial application of Topic 606. The Company does not expect the
      impact of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.




296    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)


     Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)


     New accounting standards which have not yet been adopted (Continued)

     In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for
     Income Taxes . This update simplifies the accounting for income taxes as part of the FASB’s overall initiative
     to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The amendments include removal of certain exceptions to the
     general principles of ASC 740, Income taxes , and simplification in several other areas such as accounting for a
     franchise tax (or similar tax) that is partially based on income. The update is effective in fiscal years beginning
     after December 15, 2020, and interim periods therein, and early adoption is permitted. Certain amendments
     in this update should be applied retrospectively or modified retrospectively, all other amendments should be
     applied prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements of adopting
     this guidance.


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS


     The Company enters into collaborative arrangements for the research and development, manufacture and/
     or commercialization of drug products and drug candidates. To date, these collaborative arrangements
     have included out-licenses of internally developed drug candidates to other parties, in-licenses of drug
     products and drug candidates from other parties, and cost sharing arrangements. These arrangements may
     include non-refundable, upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory
     and commercial performance milestone payments, cost sharing and reimbursement arrangements, royalty
     payments, and profit sharing.


     Out-Licensing Arrangements


     To date, the Company’s collaboration revenue related to its out-licensing collaborative agreements has
     consisted of (1) upfront license fees, research and development reimbursement revenue, and research and
     development services revenue from its collaboration agreement with BMS for tislelizumab, and (2) upfront
     license fees and milestone payments from its collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
     for pamiparib and lifirafenib.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT           297
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      The following table summarizes total collaboration revenue recognized for the years ended December 31,
      2019 and 2018:


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2019              2018
      Revenues from Collaboration Partners                                                   US$’ 000          US$’ 000


      Reimbursement of research and development costs                                          27,634            56,776
      Research and development service revenue                                                 27,982            10,559
      Other                                                                                   150,000                  –


      Total                                                                                   205,616            67,335


      Celgene Corporation, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”)

      On July 5, 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement with Celgene Corporation, now BMS,
      pursuant to which the Company granted to the BMS parties an exclusive right to develop and commercialize
      the Company’s investigational PD-1 inhibitor, tislelizumab, in all fields of treatment, other than hematology,
      in the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of world other than Asia (the “PD-1 License Agreement”). In
      connection with the closing of the transactions on August 31, 2017, the Company, and BMS amended and
      restated the PD-1 License Agreement (the “A&R PD-1 License Agreement”) to, among other things, clarify
      the parties’ responsibilities relating to the conducting and funding of certain global registration clinical trials
      and clarify the scope of the regulatory materials transferred by BeiGene to BMS. The Company entered into
      a mutual agreement with BMS to terminate the A&R PD-1 License Agreement effective June 14, 2019 in
      advance of the acquisition of Celgene by BMS.


      Under the terms of the A&R PD-1 License Agreement, BMS paid the Company US$263,000,000 in upfront
      non-refundable fees, of which US$92,050,000 was paid in the third quarter of 2017 and the remaining
      US$170,950,000 was paid in December 2017. The Company allocated US$13,000,000 of upfront fees
      to the fair value of assets related to the Company’s acquisition of Celgene Shanghai, a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of China, which was completed
      contemporaneously with the A&R PD-1 License Agreement. The Company was also eligible to receive product
      development and commercial milestone payments based on the successful achievement of development and
      regulatory and commercialization goals, respectively, and potential royalty payments.




298    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Celgene Corporation, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”) (Continued)

     In addition to the exclusive right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab, the terms of the A&R PD-1
     License Agreement provided BMS with the right to collaborate with the Company on the development of
     tislelizumab for specified indications, including required participation on a joint development committee
     and a joint steering committee as well as a joint commercialization committee upon achievement of
     commercialization. BMS reimbursed the Company for certain research and development costs at a cost plus
     agreed upon markup for the development of tislelizumab related to the clinical trials that BMS opted into, as
     outlined in the development plan.


     Under ASC 606, the Company identified the following deliverables of the collaboration agreement as distinct
     performance obligations: (a) the license provided to BMS for the exclusive right to develop and commercialize
     tislelizumab, in all fields of treatment, other than hematology, in the United States, Europe, Japan and the
     rest of world other than Asia (“the license”); and (b) the research and development services provided to BMS
     to develop tislelizumab within specified indications (“R&D services”). For each deliverable, the Company
     determined the stand-alone selling price and allocated the non-constrained consideration of US$250,000,000
     to the units of accounting using the relative selling price method. The consideration allocated to the license
     was recognized upon transfer of the license to BMS at contract inception and the consideration allocated to
     the R&D services was deferred and recognized over the term of the respective clinical studies for the specified
     indications. The payments associated with the defined developmental, regulatory, and commercialization
     goals were considered variable consideration and were fully constrained at contract inception through the
     date of termination.


     In connection with the termination in June 2019, the Company regained full global rights to tislelizumab
     and received a US$150,000,000 payment from BMS. The payment was recognized as other collaboration
     revenue upon termination as the Company had no further performance obligations under the collaboration.
     Upon termination, the Company also recognized the remainder of the deferred revenue balance related to the
     upfront consideration allocated to research and development services at the time of the original collaboration.
     The Company’s license from BMS to distribute the approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and
     VIDAZA in China was not affected by the termination of the tislelizumab collaboration.


     For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized collaboration revenue of US$205,616,000
     related to the BMS collaboration, which consisted of US$27,634,000 of research and development
     reimbursement revenue for the trials that BMS had opted into through the termination of the collaboration
     agreement; US$27,982,000 of research and development services revenue, which reflects the recognition
     of the remaining upfront consideration that was allocated to research and development services at the time
     of the collaboration and was recognized over the term of the respective clinical studies for the specified
     indications; and US$150,000,000 of other collaboration revenue related to the payment received from BMS in
     connection with the termination of the collaboration agreement.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT         299
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


      Celgene Corporation, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”) (Continued)

      For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recognized collaboration revenue of US$65,835,000
      related to the BMS collaboration, which consisted of US$56,776,000 of research and development
      reimbursement revenue for the trials that BMS had opted into and research and development services
      revenue of US$9,059,000 from deferred revenue.


      Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany

      In 2013, the Company entered into a license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for lifirafenib,
      which was amended and restated in 2013 and 2015, in which it granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
      an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and, in certain circumstances, commercialize lifirafenib outside
      of the PRC, and Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany granted the Company an exclusive license to develop,
      manufacture and commercialize lifirafenib in the PRC (the “PRC Territory”). In March 2017, the Company
      regained the worldwide rights to lifirafenib after Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany informed the Company that
      it would not exercise a continuation option, and thus, the ex-PRC portion of the agreements terminated in their
      entirety, except for certain provisions that survived the termination. In December 2018, the Company received
      notice from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany was terminating the
      PRC portion of the agreement. As a result of the termination, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany’s exclusive
      right of first negotiation to acquire exclusive commercialization rights under the lifirafenib RAF dimer program
      in the PRC was terminated and the Company is no longer required to pay Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
      royalties on sales of lifirafenib in the PRC or entitled to receive future milestone payments from Merck KGaA,
      Darmstadt Germany for lifirafenib.


      In 2013, the Company also entered into a license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
      for pamiparib, in which it granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany an exclusive license to develop,
      manufacture, and, in certain circumstances, commercialize pamiparib outside of the PRC, and Merck KGaA,
      Darmstadt Germany granted the Company an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
      pamiparib in the PRC Territory. On October 1, 2015, the Company entered into a purchase of rights
      agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, pursuant to which the Company purchased from Merck
      KGaA, Darmstadt Germany all of its exclusive rights to pamiparib in the ex-PRC territories for consideration of
      US$10,000,000, and reduced the future milestone payments the Company was eligible to receive under the
      PRC license agreement.


      In December 2017, the Company achieved the milestone for dosing a patient in the first Phase 2 clinical trial
      of pamiparib in the PRC Territory, and the related US$1,000,000 milestone payment received in January 2018,
      was recognized as research and development services revenue in year ended December 31, 2017.




300    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     Out-Licensing Arrangements (Continued)


     Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany (Continued)

     In May 2018, the Company achieved the milestone for dosing patients in the first Phase 3 clinical trial of
     pamiparib in the PRC Territory, and the related US$1,500,000 milestone payment was recognized as research
     and development services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018. No other milestones were
     achieved prior to the termination of the agreement.


     On December 17, 2018, the Company entered into a letter agreement for the Company to buy back the PRC
     commercialization option for pamiparib that it had granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany under the
     license agreement for initial consideration of US$19,000,000, which was paid in January 2019. The payment
     was charged to research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2018, as the PRC
     commercialization option has no alternative future use. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany was relieved of any
     future milestone obligations as a result of the termination.


     As a result of the foregoing termination agreements and notices, the Company’s license agreements with
     Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for lifirafenib and pamiparib were terminated in their entirety as of
     December 31, 2018.


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Commercial


     Celgene Logistics Sàrl, a Bristol Myers Squibb company (“BMS”)

     On July 5, 2017, BeiGene and Celgene, now BMS, entered into a license and supply agreement pursuant to
     which BeiGene was granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote BMS’s approved cancer therapies,
     ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (the “China License
     Agreement”). The China License Agreement became effective on August 31, 2017, contemporaneously
     with the closing of the acquisition of Celgene Shanghai and the A&R PD-1 License Agreement (see Note
     4). The Company began distributing these in-licensed products in China in September 2017. The Company
     subsequently assigned the agreement to its wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland.


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development


     The Company has in-licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and, if approved, commercialize multiple
     development stage drug candidates globally or in specific territories. These arrangements typically include
     non-refundable, upfront payments, contingent obligations for potential development, regulatory and
     commercial performance milestone payments, cost sharing arrangements, royalty payments, and profit
     sharing.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT        301
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Upfront and development milestones paid under these arrangements for the years ended December 31,
      2019, and 2018 are set forth below. All upfront and development milestones were expensed to research
      and development expense. There have been no regulatory or commercial milestones paid under these
      arrangements to date.


                                                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2019               2018
      Research and development payments to Collaboration Partners                              US$’ 000           US$’ 000


      Upfront payments                                                                           50,000             89,000
      Milestone payments                                                                               –             3,000


      Total                                                                                      50,000             92,000


      Our significant license agreements are described below:


      Seattle Genetics

      On November 5, 2019, the Company entered into a license agreement with Seattle Genetics, Inc. for an
      advanced pre-clinical product candidate for treating cancer. The agent utilizes a proprietary Seattle Genetics
      antibody-based technology. Under the terms of the agreement, Seattle Genetics retained rights to the product
      candidate in the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin American countries), Europe and Japan. The
      Company was granted exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the product candidate in Asia (except
      Japan) and the rest of the world. Seattle Genetics will lead global development and BeiGene will fund and
      operationalize the portion of global clinical trials attributable to its territories. BeiGene will also be responsible
      for all clinical development and regulatory submissions specific to its territories. Seattle Genetics received
      an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 and is eligible to receive progress-dependent milestones and tiered
      royalties on any product sales. Seattle Genetics is a related party due to a common shareholder, and that
      shareholder has different representatives serving on each companies’ respective board of directors. The
      upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31,
      2019 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.




302    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.   COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


     In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


     BioAtla, LLC

     On April 9, 2019, the Company entered into a global co-development and collaboration agreement with
     BioAtla LLC (“BioAtla”) for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of BioAtla’s investigational
     CAB-CTLA-4 antibody (BA3071), whereby BioAtla has agreed to co-develop the CAB-CTLA-4 antibody to
     defined early clinical objectives and the Company has agreed to then lead the parties’ joint efforts to develop
     the product candidate and be responsible for global regulatory filings and commercialization. Subject to
     the terms of the agreement, the Company will hold a co-exclusive license with BioAtla to develop and
     manufacture the product candidate globally and an exclusive license to commercialize the product candidate
     globally. The Company has agreed to be responsible for all costs of development, manufacturing and
     commercialization in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and New Zealand (the “Company Territory”), and the
     parties have agreed to share development and manufacturing costs and commercial profits and losses upon
     specified terms in the rest of the world. The Company paid BioAtla an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 and
     BioAtla is eligible to receive a milestone payment upon reaching the defined early clinical objectives. BioAtla
     is also eligible to receive additional payments in subsequent development and regulatory milestones globally
     and commercial milestones in the Company Territory, together with tiered royalties on sales in the Company
     Territory. The upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended
     December 31, 2019 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development
     expense policy.


     Zymeworks, Inc.

     On November 26, 2018, the Company and Zymeworks entered into collaboration and license agreements
     whereby the Company acquired licenses to develop and commercialize Zymeworks’ clinical-stage bispecific
     antibody candidate ZW25 and its preclinical-stage bispecific antibody drug conjugate (“ADC”) ZW49 in
     Asia (excluding Japan), Australia, and New Zealand. In addition, Zymeworks granted BeiGene a license to
     Zymeworks’ proprietary Azymetric and EFECT platforms to develop and commercialize globally up to three
     other bispecific antibodies using the platforms.


     Under the collaboration agreements, BeiGene will be responsible for all clinical development and regulatory
     submissions in the licensed territories. BeiGene and Zymeworks have also agreed to collaborate on global
     development of ZW25 and ZW49 in HER2-expressing solid tumors, including gastric and breast cancer,
     with BeiGene enrolling patients and contributing clinical trial data from the licensed territories. Zymeworks
     retains full rights to both ZW25 and ZW49 outside of the specified countries and will continue to lead global
     development of these drug candidates.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          303
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3.    COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)


      In-Licensing Arrangements – Development (Continued)


      Zymeworks, Inc. (Continued)

      Under the terms of the license and collaboration agreements for ZW49 and ZW25, Zymeworks received total
      upfront payments of US$40,000,000 and is eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of
      development and commercial milestones for both product candidates. In addition, Zymeworks will be eligible
      to receive tiered royalties on future sales of ZW25 and ZW49 in the licensed territory.


      Under the terms of the research and license agreement for the Azymetric and EFECT platforms, Zymeworks
      received an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 and is eligible to receive additional payments upon the
      achievement of development and commercial milestones for up to three bispecific product candidates
      developed under the agreement. In addition, Zymeworks will be eligible to receive tiered royalties on future
      global sales of bispecific products developed by BeiGene under the agreement.


      The upfront payments were expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December
      31, 2018 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.
      No milestone payments were accrued as of December 31, 2019.


      Other

      In addition to the collaborations discussed above, the Company has entered into additional collaborative
      arrangements during the years ending December 31, 2019 and 2018. The Company may be required to
      pay additional amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones under
      these agreements. The Company may also incur significant research and development costs if the related
      product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition, if any products related to these
      collaborations are approved for sale, the Company may be required to pay significant royalties on future sales.
      The payment of these amounts, however, is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which
      have a high degree of uncertainty of occurrence.




304    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS


     Celgene Shanghai


     On August 31, 2017, BeiGene HK acquired 100% of the equity interests of Celgene Shanghai, a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of the PRC. Celgene Shanghai
     was in the business of, among other things, providing marketing and promotional services in connection with
     certain pharmaceutical products manufactured by BMS. The name of Celgene Shanghai has been changed to
     BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai).


     On July 5, 2017, BeiGene and a wholly-owned subsidiary of BMS entered into a license agreement pursuant
     to which BeiGene was granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote BMS’s approved cancer
     therapies, ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA (the “Distribution Rights”), in China excluding Hong Kong,
     Macau and Taiwan (the “China License Agreement”). The China License Agreement became effective on
     August 31, 2017, contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition of Celgene Shanghai and the
     A&R PD-1 License Agreement. The Company subsequently assigned the China License Agreement to its
     wholly-owned subsidiary, BeiGene Switzerland.


     The Company evaluated the acquisition of the Celgene Shanghai equity and the distribution rights acquired
     under ASU No. 2017-1, Business Combinations: Clarifying the Definition of a Business. Because substantially
     all of the value of the acquisition did not relate to a similar group of assets and the business contained both
     inputs and processes necessary to manage products and provide economic benefits directly to its owners, it
     was determined that the acquisition represents a business combination. Therefore, the transaction has been
     accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. This method requires that assets acquired and
     liabilities assumed in a business combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date.


     Share subscription agreement

     On August 31, 2017, the Company issued 32,746,416 of its ordinary shares to BMS for an aggregate purchase
     price of US$150,000,000, or US$4.58 per ordinary share, or US$59.55 per ADS, pursuant to a subscription
     agreement dated July 5, 2017 by and between the Company and BMS (the “Share Subscription Agreement”).
     See Note 23 for further discussion of the Share Subscription Agreement.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT             305
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)


      Celgene Shanghai (Continued)


      Determination of purchase price

      The purchase price of Celgene Shanghai was calculated as US$28,138,000, and was comprised of cash
      consideration of US$4,532,000 and non-cash consideration of US$23,606,000, related to the discount on
      ordinary shares issued to BMS in connection with the Share Subscription Agreement. The discount was a
      result of the increase in fair value of the Company’s shares between the fixed price of US$59.55 per ADS in
      the Share Subscription Agreement and the fair value per ADS as of the date of issuance, August 31, 2017.
      The following summarizes the purchase price in the business combination.


                                                                                                   Purchase price
                                                                                                        US$’ 000


      Cash paid to acquire Celgene Shanghai                                                                4,532
      Discount on Share Subscription Agreement                                                            23,606


      Total purchase price                                                                                28,138


      Purchase price allocation

      The following table summarizes the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed:


                                                                                                         Amount
                                                                                                        US$’ 000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           24,448
      Other current assets                                                                                   518
      Property and equipment, net                                                                            204
      Intangible assets                                                                                    7,500
      Deferred tax asset                                                                                   1,069


      Total identifiable assets                                                                           33,739


      Current liabilities                                                                                  (5,710)


      Total liabilities assumed                                                                            (5,710)
      Goodwill                                                                                               109


      Total fair value of consideration transferred                                                       28,138




306     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)


     Celgene Shanghai (Continued)


     Purchase price allocation (Continued)

     The goodwill resulting from the business combination is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce
     of the acquired business. The goodwill attributable to the business combination is not deductible for tax
     purposes.


     The following summarizes the business combination as presented on the statement of cash flows:


                                                                                                             Amount
                                                                                                            US$’ 000


     Investing activities
     Cash acquired                                                                                            24,448
     Cash paid to acquire Celgene Shanghai                                                                     (4,532)


     Cash acquired in business combination, net of cash paid                                                  19,916


     Non-cash activities
     Discount provided on sale of ordinary shares for business combination                                    (23,606)


     BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.


     On September 21, 2018, BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou”) acquired 100% of the
     equity interests of Baiji Shenzhou (Guangzhou) Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Huajian
     Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.), which subsequently changed its name to BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou)
     Co., Ltd., a pharmaceutical distribution company, for total cash consideration of US$612,000, including
     transaction costs of US$59,000. The acquisition was concentrated in a single identifiable asset, a drug
     distribution license, and thus the Company has concluded that the transaction is an asset acquisition as it
     does not meet the accounting definition of a business combination. The total cost was allocated to the drug
     distribution license and corresponding deferred tax liability, resulting in a US$816,000 intangible asset for the
     license and a deferred tax liability of US$204,000.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          307
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)


      Beijing Innerway Bio-tech Co., Ltd.


      On October 4, 2018, BeiGene HK completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interest of Beijing Innerway
      Bio-tech Co., Ltd., the owner of the Company’s research, development and office facility in Changping,
      Beijing, China, for total cash consideration of US$38,654,000. The acquisition was concentrated in a single
      identifiable asset or group of assets, the building and associated land use right, and thus the Company has
      concluded that the transaction is an asset acquisition as it does not meet the accounting definition of a
      business combination. The total cost of the transaction of US$38,865,000, which includes transaction costs
      of US$211,000, was allocated based on the relative fair values of the net assets acquired, as follows:


                                                                                                               Amount
                                                                                                               US$’ 000


      Land use right                                                                                            33,783
      Building                                                                                                  15,874
      Deferred tax liability                                                                                    (11,221)
      Other                                                                                                        429


      Total cost                                                                                                38,865


5.    RESTRICTED CASH


      The Company’s restricted cash balance of US$2,764,000 as of December 31, 2019 primarily consists of
      RMB-denominated cash deposits held in designated bank accounts for collateral for letters of credit. The
      Company classifies restricted cash as current or non-current based on term of restriction.




308    BEIGENE, LTD.           •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6.   SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS


     Short-term investments as of December 31, 2019 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                         Gross              Gross       Fair Value
                                                   Amortized        Unrealized          Unrealized   (Net Carrying
                                                         Cost            Gains             Losses        Amount)
                                                    US$’ 000          US$’ 000           US$’ 000        US$’ 000


     U.S. treasury securities                        363,440             1,288                  –         364,728


     Total                                           363,440             1,288                  –         364,728


     Short-term investments as of December 31, 2018 consisted of the following available-for-sale debt securities:


                                                                         Gross              Gross       Fair Value
                                                   Amortized        Unrealized          Unrealized   (Net Carrying
                                                         Cost            Gains             Losses         Amount)
                                                    US$’ 000          US$’ 000           US$’ 000        US$’ 000


     U.S. treasury securities                      1,066,770             1,802                 63       1,068,509


     Total                                         1,066,770             1,802                 63       1,068,509


     The Company does not consider the investments in U.S. treasury securities to be other-than-temporarily
     impaired at December 31, 2019.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •     2019    ANNUAL REPORT        309
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2019          2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000       US$’ 000


      Accounts receivable                                                                   70,878         41,056
      Impairment                                                                                    –             –


      Total                                                                                 70,878         41,056


      The Company’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit and the credit period is generally three
      months.


      The Company seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances
      are regularly reviewed. In view of the fact that the Company’s accounts receivable substantially relate to
      a limited number of customers, there is a concentration of credit risk. The Company does not hold any
      collateral or other credit enhancements over its accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivables are
      non-interest-bearing.


      An aging analysis of the accounts receivables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2019          2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000       US$’ 000


      Within 3 months                                                                       58,752         41,056
      3 months to 6 months                                                                  12,126                –


      Total                                                                                 70,878         41,056


      No allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.


8.    INVENTORIES


      The Company’s inventory balance of US$28,553,000 and US$16,242,000 as of December 31, 2019 and
      2018, respectively, consisted entirely of finished goods drug product purchased from BMS for distribution in
      the PRC. The manufacturing costs related to BRUKINSA inventory on hand as of December 31, 2019 were
      incurred prior to obtaining the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approval on November
      14, 2019 and expensed to research and development expense as incurred in accordance with the Company’s
      pre-launch inventory policy.




310    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.   MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU, CHINA


     Manufacturing legal entity structure


     BeiGene Shanghai, originally established as a wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene HK, and currently a
     wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics, as described below, provides clinical development services for
     BeiGene affiliates and is the clinical trial authorization (“CTA”) holder and marketing authorization application
     (“MAA”) holder for tislelizumab in China.


     On March 7, 2017, BeiGene HK, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Guangzhou GET Technology
     Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.) (“GET”), entered
     into a definitive agreement to establish a commercial scale biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou,
     Guangdong Province, PRC.


     On March 7, 2017, BeiGene HK and GET entered into an Equity Joint Venture Contract (the “JV
     Agreement”). Under the terms of the JV Agreement, BeiGene HK made an initial cash capital contribution
     of RMB200,000,000 and a subsequent contribution of one or more biologics assets in exchange for a 95%
     equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. GET made a cash capital contribution of RMB100,000,000 to BeiGene
     Biologics, representing a 5% equity interest in BeiGene Biologics. In addition, on March 7, 2017, BeiGene
     Biologics entered into a contract with GET, under which GET agreed to provide a RMB900,000,000 loan (the
     “Shareholder Loan”) to BeiGene Biologics (see Note 17). In September 2019, BeiGene Biologics completed
     the first phase of construction of a biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, through a wholly owned
     subsidiary, the BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”), to
     manufacture biologics for the Company and its subsidiaries.


     On April 11, 2017, BeiGene HK, GET and BeiGene Biologics amended the JV Agreement and the capital
     contribution agreement, among other things, to adjust the capital contribution schedules and adjust the initial
     term of the governing bodies and a certain management position. On April 13, 2017 and May 4, 2017, BeiGene
     HK made cash capital contributions of RMB137,830,000 and RMB2,415,000, respectively, into BeiGene
     Biologics. The remainder of the cash capital contribution from BeiGene HK to BeiGene Biologics was paid
     on June 27, 2019. On April 14, 2017, GET made cash capital contributions of RMB100,000,000 into BeiGene
     Biologics. On April 14, 2017, BeiGene Biologics drew down the Shareholder Loan of RMB900,000,000 from
     GET (as further described in Note 17).


     In the fourth quarter of 2017, BeiGene HK and BeiGene Biologics entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement
     to transfer 100% of the equity interest of BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Biologics, as required by the JV
     agreement, such that the CTA holder and MAA holder for tislelizumab in China was controlled by BeiGene
     Biologics. The transfer consideration for the purchased interests under this Equity Transfer Agreement is the
     fair value of the 100% equity of BeiGene Shanghai appraised by a qualified Chinese valuation firm under the
     laws of the PRC. Upon the transfer of equity in BeiGene Shanghai, BeiGene HK’s equity interest in BeiGene
     Shanghai became 95%. As of December 31, 2019, the Company and GET held 95% and 5% equity interests
     in BeiGene Biologics, respectively.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          311
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9.    MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN GUANGZHOU, CHINA (Continued)


      Manufacturing legal entity structure (Continued)


      As of December 31, 2019, the Company had US$123,706,000 of cash and cash equivalents and
      US$1,995,000 of restricted cash held by BeiGene Biologics, to be used to build the commercial scale
      biologics facility and to fund research and development of the Company’s biologics drug candidates in China.


      Commercial distribution legal entity structure


      BeiGene Guangzhou, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BeiGene HK, was organized on July 11, 2017. On
      September 21, 2018, BeiGene Guangzhou acquired 100% of the equity interests of Baiji Shenzhou
      (Guangzhou) Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Huajian Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.), which
      subsequently changed its name to BeiGene Pharmaceuticals (Guangzhou). BeiGene Pharmaceuticals
      (Guangzhou) owns drug distribution licenses necessary to distribute pharmaceutical products in China. The
      Company acquired these drug distribution licenses through the acquisition of BeiGene Pharmaceuticals
      (Guangzhou), which was accounted for as an asset acquisition (see Note 4), as it is difficult to obtain a newly
      issued domestic drug distribution license in China.


      Commercial supply agreement and facility expansion


      In January 2018, the Company entered into a commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim
      Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. (“Boehringer Ingelheim”) for tislelizumab, which is being manufactured at
      Boehringer Ingelheim’s facility in Shanghai, China as part of a Marketing Authorization Holder (“MAH”) trial
      project pioneered by the Company and Boehringer Ingelheim. Under the terms of the commercial supply
      agreement, Boehringer Ingelheim has agreed to manufacture tislelizumab in China under an exclusive
      multi-year arrangement, with contract extension possible. In addition, the Company obtained certain preferred
      rights for future capacity expansion by Boehringer Ingelheim in China.


      In October 2018, the Company entered into a binding letter of intent (“LOI”) with Boehringer Ingelheim to
      increase the amount of tislelizumab supplied under the agreement through the expansion of Boehringer
      Ingelheim’s facility to add a second bioreactor production line. Under the terms of the binding LOI, the
      Company provided initial funding for the facility expansion and may make additional payments for contingency
      costs. This initial funding payment and any subsequent contingency payments will be credited against future
      purchases of tislelizumab over the term of the supply agreement.


      The payment was recorded as a noncurrent asset since it is considered a long-term prepayment for future
      product costs that will provide future benefit to the Company through credits on purchases of tislelizumab
      from Boehringer Ingelheim over the life of the supply agreement.




312    BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. LEASES

   The Company has operating leases for office and manufacturing facilities in the United States, Switzerland,
   and China. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to five years, some of which include options to
   extend the leases that have not been included in the calculation of the Company’s lease liabilities and ROU
   assets. The Company has land use rights which represent land acquired for the biologics manufacturing
   facility in Guangzhou, and the land acquired for the Company’s research, development and office facility in
   Changping, Beijing. A second Guangzhou land use right was acquired in May 2019 for potential expansion of
   the Company’s research and development activities. The land use rights represent lease prepayments and are
   expensed over the remaining term of the rights, which is 48 years for the initial Guangzhou land use right, 50
   years for the second Guangzhou land use right and 35 years for the Changping land use right. The Company
   also has certain leases with terms of 12 months or less for certain equipment, office and lab space, which are
   not recorded on the balance sheet.


   The components of lease expense were as follows:


                                                                                                    Year ended
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                          2019
                                                                                                      US$’ 000


   Operating lease cost                                                                                   13,980
   Variable lease cost                                                                                     1,784
   Short-term lease cost                                                                                   1,001


   Total lease cost                                                                                       16,765


   Total expenses under operating leases were US$8,930,000 for the years ended December 31, 2018.


   Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:


                                                                                                        As of
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                         2019
                                                                                                      US$’ 000


   Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                    35,555
   Land use rights, net                                                                                   46,965


   Total operating lease right-of-use assets                                                              82,520


   Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                                         10,814
   Operating lease liabilities                                                                            25,833


   Total lease liabilities                                                                                36,647




                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT         313
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. LEASES (Continued)


      Maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows(1):


                                                                                                                 US$’ 000


      Year ending December 31, 2020                                                                                13,065
      Year ending December 31, 2021                                                                                11,988
      Year ending December 31, 2022                                                                                  8,531
      Year ending December 31, 2023                                                                                  4,799
      Year ending December 31, 2024                                                                                  2,810
      Thereafter                                                                                                       126


      Total lease payments                                                                                         41,319
      Less imputed interest                                                                                         (4,672)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                                                           36,647


      (1)   As of December 31, 2019, the Company has additional operating leases for office facilities that have not yet
            commenced of US$13,218,000. These operating leases will commence during fiscal year 2020 with lease terms of up
            to five years.


      Other supplemental information related to leases is summarized below:


                                                                                                              Year ended
                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                                 US$’ 000


      Operating cash flows used in operating leases                                                                12,405
      ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities                                          20,108


                                                                                                                     As of
                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                                 US$’ 000


      Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                                                                      3
      Weighted-average discount rate                                                                               7.07%




314     BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10. LEASES (Continued)


    The undiscounted future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31,
    2018, prior to the adoption of the Lease ASUs was as follows:


                                                                                                         US$’ 000


    Year ending December 31:
    2019                                                                                                   10,752
    2020                                                                                                       9,972
    2021                                                                                                       7,805
    2022                                                                                                       3,923
    2023 and thereafter                                                                                        1,357


    Total                                                                                                  33,809


11. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


    Property and equipment are recorded at cost and consisted of the following:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                         US$’ 000        US$’ 000


    Laboratory equipment                                                                       47,154      22,636
    Leasehold improvements                                                                     24,008      18,048
    Building                                                                              109,514          15,857
    Manufacturing equipment                                                                    62,775      16,048
    Software, electronics and office equipment                                                 14,705          4,707


    Property and equipment, at cost                                                       258,156          77,296
    Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                         (36,709)       (19,722)
    Construction in progress                                                                   20,955      99,487


    Property and equipment, net                                                           242,402         157,061


    Construction in progress (“CIP”) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 of US$20,955,000 and US$99,487,000,
    respectively, primarily related to the buildout of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility.




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.       •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT          315
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

      Transfers out of CIP for the year ended December 31, 2019 primarily relate to assets placed into service upon
      completion of the initial phase of the Guangzhou manufacturing facility, which occurred in September 2019.
      Transfers out of CIP during the year ended December 31, 2019 and amounts remaining in CIP as of December
      31, 2019 by fixed asset class are as follows:

                                                                                             Year ended
                                                                                           December 31,                As of
                                                                                                   2019          December 31,
                                                                                           Transfers out                2019
                                                                                                  of CIP                  CIP
                                                                                               US$’ 000              US$’ 000

      Building                                                                                        94,374               6,014
      Manufacturing equipment                                                                         47,279               8,046
      Laboratory equipment                                                                            26,109               4,496
      Other                                                                                           16,930               2,399

      Total                                                                                          184,692             20,955

      Subsequent phases of the Guangzhou factory buildout will continue to be recorded as CIP until they are
      placed into service.

      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were US$17,291,000 and
      US$9,000,000, respectively.

12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Intangible assets as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 are summarized as follows:

                                                       December 31, 2019                           December 31, 2018
                                                 Gross                                    Gross
                                               carrying Accumulated       Intangible    carrying     Accumulated        Intangible
                                                amount amortization      assets, net    amount        amortization     assets, net
                                               US$’ 000     US$’ 000       US$’ 000    US$’ 000         US$’ 000         US$’ 000

      Finite-lived intangible assets:
      Product distribution rights                7,500         (1,750)         5,750      7,500            (1,000)          6,500
      Trading license                              816           (720)            96        816              (144)            672

      Total finite-lived
        intangible assets                        8,316         (2,470)         5,846      8,316            (1,144)          7,172

      Product distribution rights consist of distribution rights for the approved cancer therapies licensed from BMS,
      ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA acquired as part of the BMS collaboration. The Company is amortizing
      the product distribution rights over a period of 10 years. The trading license represents the Guangzhou drug
      distribution license acquired on September 21, 2018. The Company is amortizing the drug distribution trading
      license over the remainder of the license term through February 2020.

      Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was
      US$1,326,000 and US$894,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, expected amortization expense for
      the unamortized finite-lived intangible assets is approximately US$846,000 in 2020, US$750,000 in 2021,
      US$750,000 in 2022, US$750,000 in 2023, US$750,000 in 2024, and US$2,000,000 in 2025 and thereafter.


316     BEIGENE, LTD.           •       2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES


   The components of loss before income taxes are as follows:


                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                      2019             2018
                                                                                  US$’ 000         US$’ 000


   PRC                                                                            (231,997)        (130,552)
   U.S.                                                                             24,478           15,036
   Other                                                                          (736,067)        (574,313)


   Total                                                                          (943,586)        (689,829)


   The current and deferred components of the income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations are as
   follows:


                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                      2019             2018
                                                                                  US$’ 000         US$’ 000


   Current Tax Expense (Benefit):
   PRC                                                                              16,368            6,890
   U.S.                                                                                 65             (377)
   Other                                                                                12                 –


   Total                                                                            16,445            6,513


   Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit):
   PRC                                                                               (4,738)          (2,682)
   U.S.                                                                              (4,715)        (19,627)


   Total                                                                             (9,453)        (22,309)


   Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                                                      6,992          (15,796)




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.    •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT         317
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follow:

                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2019           2018
                                                                                             US$’ 000       US$’ 000

      Loss before tax                                                                         (943,586)       (689,829)
      China statutory tax rate                                                                      25%             25%
      Expected taxation at China statutory tax rate                                           (235,897)       (172,457)
      Foreign and preferential tax rate differential                                           191,820         134,673
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                       (273)          3,166
      Stock compensation expenses                                                                 (5,698)         (5,371)
      Effect of tax rate change                                                                 (63,395)           1,538
      Change in valuation allowance                                                            146,118           34,009
      Research tax credits and incentives                                                       (25,683)        (11,354)


      Taxation for the year                                                                         6,992      (15,796)


      Effective tax rate                                                                            (0.7%)       2.3%


      Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:

                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2019           2018
                                                                                             US$’ 000       US$’ 000

      Deferred Tax Assets:
        Accruals and reserves                                                                   27,304         19,193
        Net operating losses carryforward                                                      155,499         61,266
        Stock-based compensation                                                                12,651          8,642
        Research tax credits                                                                    33,979         13,608
        Depreciable and amortizable assets                                                     575,128        158,639
        Lease liability obligation                                                               7,864              –


      Gross deferred tax assets                                                                812,425         261,348
        Less valuation allowance                                                              (777,583)       (242,945)


      Total deferred tax assets                                                                 34,842          18,403

      Deferred tax liabilities:
        Right of use lease asset                                                                    (7,480)           –


      Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                (7,480)           –


      Net deferred tax asset                                                                    27,362          18,403



318     BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


    Valuation allowances have been provided on deferred tax assets where, based on all available evidence, it
    was considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be
    realized in future periods. After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, the Company believes that
    as of December 31, 2019 it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be realized for our
    subsidiaries in Australia, Switzerland, the United States, and for certain subsidiaries in China. For the years
    ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were increases in the valuation allowance of US$146,118,000 and
    US$34,009,000, respectively. Adjustments could be required in the future if the Company estimates that the
    amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.


    As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had net operating losses of approximately US$810,505,000
    and US$300,769,000, respectively, of which net operating losses as of December 31, 2019 included
    US$12,606,000 from an entity in Australia that has indefinite carryforward, US$356,884,000 derived from
    entities in the PRC which expire in years 2020 through 2024, US$383,914,000 derived from an entity in
    Switzerland that expires in 2026, and US$57,101,000 derived from an entity in the United States that has
    indefinite carryforward. The Company has approximately US$37,011,000 of U.S. research tax credits which
    will expire between in 2036 and 2039 if not utilized.


    The gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:


                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2019           2018
                                                                                           US$’ 000       US$’ 000


    Beginning balance, as of January 1                                                        2,295             918
    Additions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                  46                11
    Reductions based on tax positions related to prior tax years                                (17)            (44)
    Additions based on tax positions related to the current tax year                          2,435           1,410
    Reductions based on lapse of statute of limitations                                        (126)                –


    Ending balance, as of December 31                                                         4,633           2,295


    Current and prior year additions include assessment of U.S. federal and state tax credits and incentives. None
    of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2019 would impact the consolidated income tax rate
    if ultimately recognized due to valuation allowances. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of
    existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next 12 months.


    The Company has elected to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of
    income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company’s accrued interest and
    penalties, where applicable, related to uncertain tax positions were not material.




                                                            BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019      ANNUAL REPORT       319
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)


      The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income
      tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. As of December 31, 2019, Australia tax matters are open to
      examination for the years 2013 through 2019, China tax matters are open to examination for the years 2014
      through 2019, and U.S. federal tax matters are open to examination for years 2016 through 2019. Various U.S.
      states and other non-US tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns remain open to examination
      for 2010 through 2019.


      The Company qualifies for the Technology Advanced Service Enterprises (“TASE”) and High and New
      Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) status for certain subsidiaries in China, which expire at the end of 2021.
      The income tax benefits attributable to this status for the year ended December 31, 2019 is approximately
      US$2,600,000 or less than US$0.01 per share outstanding.


      During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company completed intra-group transfers of certain intangible
      assets in anticipation of potential commercialization which resulted in the establishment of deferred tax assets
      that were fully offset by valuation allowances.


      As of December 31, 2019, the Company continues to assert indefinite reinvestment on the excess of the
      financial reporting bases over tax bases in the Company’s investments in foreign subsidiaries. A deferred
      tax liability has not been established for the approximately US$9,620,000 of cumulative undistributed foreign
      earnings. Determination of the unrecognized deferred tax liability is not practicable due to uncertainty
      regarding the remittance structure and overall complexity of the hypothetical calculation.


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION


      Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                                          US$’ 000          US$’ 000


      Prepaid research and development costs                                                 69,715            58,673
      Prepaid taxes                                                                           9,498            10,479
      Unbilled receivable                                                                          –            8,612
      Interest receivable                                                                     1,932             3,096
      Other                                                                                   9,093             9,694


      Total                                                                                  90,238            90,554




320    BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


   Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2019               2018
                                                                                               US$’ 000            US$’ 000


   Goodwill                                                                                          109                109
   Prepayment of property and equipment                                                           10,289             11,981
   Payment of facility capacity expansion activities (1)                                          24,881             25,193
   Prepaid VAT                                                                                    29,967             14,671
   Rental deposits and other                                                                       3,209              1,823


   Total                                                                                          68,455             53,777


   (1)     Represents a payment for a facility expansion under a commercial supply agreement. The payment will provide future
           benefit to the Company through credits on future supply purchases as further described in Note 9.


   Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following:


                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2019               2018
                                                                                               US$’ 000            US$’ 000


   Compensation related                                                                           54,156             35,887
   External research and development activities related                                           62,794             34,588
   Commercial activities                                                                          25,645             10,433
   Individual income tax and other taxes                                                           9,648              8,030
   Sales rebates and returns related                                                               3,198              4,749
   Other                                                                                           8,115              6,727


   Total accrued expenses and other payables                                                    163,556             100,414




                                                             BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT            321
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)


      Other long-term liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                      US$’ 000         US$’ 000


      Deferred revenue, non-current portion                                                  –             9,842
      Deferred government grant income                                                  46,391           37,851
      Other                                                                                171             1,080


      Total other long-term liabilities                                                 46,562           48,773


15. ACCOUNTS PAYABLES


      An aging analysis of the accounts payables as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, based on the invoice date, is
      as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                      US$’ 000         US$’ 000


      Within 3 months                                                                  118,787          101,567
      3 to 6 months                                                                      1,889             6,186
      6 months to 1 year                                                                 1,272             4,931
      Over 1 year                                                                          540              599


      Total                                                                            122,488          113,283


      The accounts payable are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on
      demand.




322    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16. LONG-TERM BANK LOAN


   On September 2, 2015, BeiGene Suzhou entered into a loan agreement with Suzhou Industrial Park Biotech
   Development Co., Ltd. and China Construction Bank to borrow RMB120,000,000 at a 7% fixed annual
   interest rate. The loan was secured by BeiGene Suzhou’s equipment and the Company’s rights to a PRC
   patent on a drug candidate. In September 2018, the Company repaid the first tranche of US$8,736,000
   (RMB60,000,000). In September 2019, the Company repaid the remaining principal outstanding of
   US$8,394,000 (RMB60,000,000).


   On April 4, 2018, BeiGene Guangzhou Factory entered into a nine-year loan agreement with China
   Construction Bank to borrow an RMB denominated loan of RMB580,000,000 at a floating interest rate
   benchmarking RMB loan interest rates of financial institutions in the PRC. The loan is secured by BeiGene
   Guangzhou Factory’s land use right. Interest expense will be paid quarterly until the loan is fully settled. As of
   December 31, 2019, the Company has fully drawn down US$83,311,000 (RMB580,000,000) of this loan. The
   loan interest rate was 4.9% for the year ended December 31, 2019, and the maturity dates range from 2021 to
   2027.


   On September 3, 2019, BeiGene Shanghai entered into a three-year working capital loan facility with Industrial
   Bank Co., Ltd. (“Industrial Bank”) to borrow up to RMB348,000,000 at a floating interest rate benchmarked
   against prevailing interest rates of certain PRC financial institutions. The loan facility was secured with
   RMB deposited at Industrial Bank and the loan interest rate was 4.85%. Interest expense was payable
   quarterly until the loan was fully settled. In December 2019, the Company repaid the outstanding principal of
   US$24,419,000 (RMB170,000,000).


   Interest expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 amounted to US$4,732,000
   and US$2,253,000, respectively, among which, US$2,412,000 and US$575,000 was capitalized, respectively.


   The maturity profile of the interest-bearing bank loan is as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                         US$’ 000          US$’ 000


   Analyzed into:
     Bank loan repayable:
       Within one year                                                                           –             8,727
       In the second to third years, inclusive                                              1,436                  –
       In the fourth to fifth years, inclusive                                             21,546              4,213
       Above five years                                                                    60,329            36,572


   Total                                                                                   83,311            49,512




                                                         BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          323
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17. SHAREHOLDER LOAN


      On March 7, 2017, BeiGene Biologics entered into the Shareholder Loan Contract with GET, pursuant
      to which GET agreed to provide the Shareholder Loan of RMB900,000,000 to BeiGene Biologics. The
      Shareholder Loan has a conversion feature, settled in a variable number of shares of common stock upon
      conversion (the “debt-to-equity conversion”). On April 14, 2017, BeiGene Biologics drew down the entire
      Shareholder Loan of RMB900,000,000 from GET.


      Key features of the Shareholder Loan


      The Shareholder Loan bears simple interest at a fixed rate of 8% per annum. No interest payment is due or
      payable prior to the repayment of the principal or the debt-to-equity conversion. The term of the Shareholder
      Loan is 72 months, commencing from the actual drawdown date of April 14, 2017 and ending on April 13,
      2023, unless converted earlier.


      The Shareholder Loan may be repaid or converted, either partially or in full, into an additional mid-single digit
      percentage equity interest in BeiGene Biologics prior to its maturity date, pursuant to the terms of the JV
      Agreement. BeiGene Biologics has the right to make early repayment at any time; provided, however, that if
      repayment is to occur before the debt-to-equity conversion it would require written approval of both BeiGene
      Biologics and GET. Upon conversion of the shareholder loan, GET will receive an additional equity interest in
      BeiGene Biologics, which will be based on the formula outlined in the JV Agreement.


      The Shareholder Loan can only be used for BeiGene Biologics, including the construction and operation of the
      biologics manufacturing facility and research and development and clinical trials to be carried out by BeiGene
      Biologics. If BeiGene Biologics does not use the Shareholder Loan proceeds for the specified purposes, GET
      may be entitled to certain liquidated damages. In the event of an early termination of the JV Agreement, the
      Shareholder Loan will become due and payable at the time of termination of the JV Agreement.


      Accounting for the Shareholder Loan


      The Shareholder Loan is classified as a long-term liability and initially measured at the principal of
      RMB900,000,000. Interest will be accrued based on the interest rate of 8% per annum. As the Shareholder
      Loan may be share-settled by a number of shares with a fair value equal to a fixed settlement amount, the
      settlement is not viewed as a conversion feature, but as a redemption feature because the settlement amount
      does not vary with the share price. This in-substance redemption feature does not require bifurcation because
      it is clearly and closely related to the debt host that does not involves a substantial premium or discount.
      Since there is no conversion feature embedded in the Shareholder Loan, no beneficial conversion feature was
      recorded. There are no other embedded derivatives that are required to be bifurcated. The portion of interest
      accrued on the Shareholder Loan related to borrowings used to construct the BeiGene factory in Guangzhou
      is being capitalized in accordance with ASC 835-20, Interest – Capitalization of Interest.


      For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, total interest expense generated from the Shareholder
      Loan was US$10,423,000 and US$10,894,000, respectively, among which, US$2,445,000 and US$3,112,000
      was capitalized, respectively.



324    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18. PRODUCT REVENUE


   The Company’s product sales are derived from the sale of ABRAXANE, REVLIMID, and VIDAZA in China under
   a distribution license from BMS. Following FDA approval on November 14, 2019, the Company launched its
   first internally developed drug, BRUKINSA, and began generating product revenues in the United States.


   The table below presents the Company’s net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2019                2018
                                                                                    US$’ 000          US$’ 000


   Product revenue – gross                                                           228,760          138,046
   Less: Rebates and sales returns                                                     (6,164)          (7,161)


   Product revenue – net                                                             222,596          130,885


   The following table presents the rollforward of accrued sales rebates and returns for the years ended
   December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018.


                                                                                                 Sales Rebates
                                                                                                  and Returns
                                                                                                      US$’ 000


   Balance as of December 31, 2017                                                                       3,997
   Accrual                                                                                               7,161
   Payment                                                                                              (6,409)


   Balance as of December 31, 2018                                                                       4,749
   Accrual                                                                                               6,164
   Payment                                                                                              (7,715)


   Balance as of December 31, 2019                                                                       3,198




                                                     BEIGENE, LTD.      •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT           325
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


19. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE


      The Group’s loss before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                             US$’ 000       US$’ 000


      Cost of inventories sold                                                                71,190           28,705
      Depreciation and amortization expense                                                   17,291            9,000
      Research and development costs (Note)                                                  927,338         679,005
      Minimum lease payments under operating leases                                                 –           8,930
      Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets                                     13,980                –
      Amortization of land lease payments                                                           –             494
      Amortization of license rights                                                           1,326              894
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   2,241            2,580


      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
      Wages, salaries and other benefits                                                     286,716         163,115
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                      134,154           87,127
      Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)                              13,753           12,409


                                                                                             434,623         262,651


      Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                            (6,044)         (1,948)
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                        5,448            4,184
      Bank interest income                                                                    (19,497)        (23,401)
      Loss on disposal of property and equipment                                                    2             126

      Note:


      During the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, research and development costs of approximately US$257,497,000
      and US$167,085,000 were also included in employee benefit expense.




326    BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20. LOSS PER SHARE


   Loss per share was calculated as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2019             2018
                                                                                         US$’ 000        US$’ 000


   Numerator:
     Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.                                              (948,628)        (673,769)
   Denominator:
     Weighted average shares outstanding for computing basic and
       diluted loss per share                                                        780,701,283      720,753,819


   Net loss per share attributable to BeiGene, Ltd., basic and diluted (in US$)             (1.22)           (0.93)


   For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the computation of basic loss per share using the
   two-class method was not applicable, as the Company was in a net loss position.


   The effects of all share options and restricted share units were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
   per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE


   2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan

   On January 14, 2016, in connection with its U.S. IPO, the board of directors and shareholders of the Company
   approved the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which became effective on February
   2, 2016. The Company initially reserved 65,029,595 ordinary shares for the issuance of awards under the
   2016 Plan, plus any shares available under the 2011 Option Plan (the “2011 Plan”), and not subject to any
   outstanding options as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, along with underlying share awards under the
   2011 Plan that are cancelled or forfeited without issuance of ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2019,
   ordinary shares cancelled or forfeited under the 2011 Plan that were carried over to the 2016 Plan totaled
   5,152,236. The 2016 Plan provided for an annual increase in the shares available for issuance, to be added
   on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2017, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5)%
   of the outstanding shares of the Company’s ordinary shares on the last day of the immediately preceding
   fiscal year or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company’s board of directors or the compensation
   committee. On January 1, 2018, 29,603,616 ordinary shares were added to the 2016 Plan under this provision.
   In August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
   amended and restated 2016 Plan to remove this “evergreen” provision and implement other changes required
   by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the board of directors approved a second amended and restated
   2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 38,553,159 ordinary shares, as well as
   amend the cap on annual compensation to independent directors and make other changes. The number of
   shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan is subject to adjustment in the event of a share split, share
   dividend or other change in the Company’s capitalization.


                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT        327
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (Continued)


      As of December 31, 2019, share-based awards to acquire 32,221,058 ordinary shares were available for
      future grant under the 2016 Plan.


      2018 Inducement Equity Plan


      On June 6, 2018, the board of directors of the Company approved the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the “2018
      Plan”) and reserved 12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that
      were not previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s
      entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the
      NASDAQ Listing Rules. The 2018 Plan was approved by the board of directors upon recommendation of the
      compensation committee, without shareholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing
      Rules. The terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, and the forms of award agreements to be used thereunder,
      are substantially similar to the 2016 Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. In August 2018,
      in connection with the listing of the Company’s ordinary shares on the HKEx, the board of directors of the
      Company approved an amended and restated 2018 Plan to implement changes required by the HK Listing
      Rules.


      As of December 31, 2019, share-based awards to acquire 8,770,046 ordinary shares were available for future
      grant under the 2018 Plan.


      2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan


      On June 6, 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
      “ESPP”). Initially, 3,500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In
      August 2018, in connection with the Hong Kong IPO, the board of directors of the Company approved an
      amended and restated ESPP to remove an “evergreen” share replenishment provision originally included in
      the plan and implement other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. In December 2018, the board of
      directors approved a second amended and restated ESPP to increase the number of shares authorized for
      issuance by 3,855,315 ordinary shares to 7,355,315 ordinary shares. The ESPP allows eligible employees to
      purchase the Company’s ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at the end of each offering period,
      which will generally be six months, at a 15% discount to the market price of the Company’s ADSs at the
      beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower, using funds deducted from their payroll
      during the offering period. Eligible employees are able to authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their
      eligible earnings, subject to applicable limitations.


      On February 28, 2019, the Company issued 154,505 ordinary shares to employees for aggregate proceeds of
      US$1,385,000 under the ESPP. The purchase price of the shares was US$116.49 per ADS, or US$8.96 per
      ordinary share, which was discounted in accordance with the terms of the ESPP from the closing price on
      NASDAQ on February 28, 2019 of US$137.05 per ADS, or US$10.54 per ordinary share.




328    BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)

   2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (Continued)

   On August 30, 2019, the Company issued 233,194 ordinary shares to employees for aggregate proceeds of
   US$2,192,000 under the ESPP. The purchase price of the shares was US$122.19 per ADS, or US$9.40 per
   ordinary share, which was discounted in accordance with the terms of the ESPP from the closing price on
   NASDAQ on August 30, 2019 of US$143.75 per ADS, or US$11.06 per ordinary share.


   As of December 31, 2019, 6,966,550 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.


   Share options

   Generally, options have a contractual term of 10 years and vest over a three-to-five-year period, with the first
   tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship start date and the remainder
   of the awards vesting on a monthly basis thereafter. Restricted shares and restricted share units vest over a
   four-year period, with the first tranche vesting one calendar year after the grant date or the service relationship
   start date and the remainder of the awards vesting on a yearly basis thereafter.


   The following table summarizes the Company’s share option activities under the 2011, 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                Weighted      Weighted         Average
                                                                 Average       Average       Remaining     Aggregate
                                                Number of       Exercise     Grant Date     Contractual      Intrinsic
                                                  Options          Price      Fair Value          Term          Value
                                                                    US$             US$          Years      US$’ 000


   Outstanding at December 31, 2017            127,002,897           2.45
    Granted                                        9,387,885        12.32           7.08
    Exercised                                   (13,841,036)         2.23                                     132,687
    Forfeited                                     (6,467,099)        3.59


   Outstanding at December 31, 2018            116,082,647           3.21
    Granted                                      12,641,590          9.38           5.06
    Exercised                                   (16,730,441)         2.60                                     171,429
    Forfeited                                     (3,576,542)        5.09


   Outstanding at December 31, 2019            108,417,254           3.96                          6.94       953,925


   Exercisable as of December 31, 2019          64,465,095           2.48                          6.24       662,541


   Vested and expected to vest at
     December 31, 2019                         104,022,039           3.87                          6.90       924,787




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT         329
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      Share options (Continued)

      As of December 31, 2019, the unrecognized compensation cost related to 39,556,944 unvested share options
      expected to vest was US$137,022,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
      weighted-average amortization period of 2.0 years.


      The total fair value of employee share option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2019 and
      2018 was US$58,670,000 and US$55,642,000 respectively.


      Fair value of options


      The Company uses the binomial option-pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
      granted. The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected
      stock price volatility and, the exercise multiple for which employees are likely to exercise share options. For
      expected volatilities, the trading history and observation period of the Company’s own share price movement
      has not been long enough to match the life of the share option. Therefore, the Company has made reference
      to the historical price volatilities of ordinary shares of several comparable companies in the same industry
      as the Company. For the exercise multiple, the Company was not able to develop an exercise pattern as
      reference, thus the exercise multiple is based on management’s estimation, which the Company believes is
      representative of the future exercise pattern of the options. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
      life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury Bills yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


      The following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the share options granted in
      the years presented:


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2019                 2018


      Fair value of ordinary share                                            US$4.64 ~ US$8.28       US$4.30 ~ US$8.85
      Risk-free interest rate                                                        1.5% ~ 2.8%           2.5% ~ 3.1%
      Expected exercise multiple                                                          2.2 ~ 2.8            2.2 ~ 2.8
      Expected volatility                                                             58% ~ 60%             60% ~ 64%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                   0%                   0%
      Contractual life                                                                    10 years              10 years




330    BEIGENE, LTD.         •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


   Restricted shares


   The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share activities under the 2016 Plan:


                                                                                                   Weighted-
                                                                                                     Average
                                                                                  Numbers of       Grant Date
                                                                                       Shares      Fair Value
                                                                                                         US$


   Outstanding at December 31, 2017                                                   806,250            2.16
     Granted                                                                                 –              –
     Vested                                                                          (387,500)           2.12
     Forfeited                                                                       (118,750)           2.04


   Outstanding at December 31, 2018                                                   300,000            2.25
     Granted                                                                                 –              –
     Vested                                                                           (75,000)           2.27
     Forfeited                                                                       (150,000)           2.24


   Outstanding at December 31, 2019                                                    75,000            2.27


   Expected to vest at December 31, 2019                                               67,500            2.27


   The Company had no non-employee restricted share activities during the year ended December 31, 2019.


   As of December 31, 2019, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares
   expected to vest was US$153,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
   weighted-average amortization period of 0.7 years.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.    •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT        331
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Continued)


      Restricted share units


      The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted share unit activities under the 2016 and 2018 Plans:


                                                                                                       Weighted-
                                                                                                         Average
                                                                                     Numbers of        Grant Date
                                                                                         Shares         Fair Value
                                                                                                              US$


      Outstanding at December 31, 2017                                                 1,469,442              7.55
        Granted                                                                      14,079,598             12.07
        Vested                                                                          (689,130)             8.33
        Forfeited                                                                       (757,458)           10.89


      Outstanding at December 31, 2018                                               14,102,452             11.85
        Granted                                                                      18,637,333             10.10
        Vested                                                                        (3,474,068)           11.75
        Forfeited                                                                     (2,413,450)           11.07


      Outstanding at December 31, 2019                                               26,852,267             10.72


      Expected to vest at December 31, 2019                                          24,167,040             10.72


      As of December 31, 2019, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted share units
      expected to vest was US$226,985,000. This unrecognized compensation will be recognized over an estimated
      weighted-average amortization period of 3.2 years.


      The following table summarizes total share-based compensation cost recognized for the years ended
      December 31, 2019 and 2018:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                            2019             2018
                                                                                        US$’ 000         US$’ 000


      Research and development                                                            76,293           54,384
      Selling, general and administrative                                                 57,861           32,743


      Total                                                                              134,154           87,127




332    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME


   The movement of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income is as follows:


                                                                              Unrealized
                                                  Foreign Currency      Gains/Losses on
                                                        Translation    Available-for-Sale
                                                      Adjustments             Securities            Total
                                                          US$’ 000              US$’ 000      US$’ 000


   December 31, 2017                                            (85)                (395)           (480)
   Adjustment for the opening balance of
     accumulated other comprehensive loss                      263                      –            263
   January 1, 2018                                             178                  (395)           (217)


   Other comprehensive (loss) income before
     reclassifications                                         (390)               4,081           3,691


   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
     comprehensive loss                                           –                (1,948)         (1,948)


   Net-current period other comprehensive
     (loss) income                                             (390)               2,133           1,743


   December 31, 2018                                           (212)               1,738           1,526


   Other comprehensive (loss) income before
     reclassifications                                       (9,079)               5,596           (3,483)
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
     comprehensive loss                                           –                (6,044)         (6,044)


   Net-current period other comprehensive loss               (9,079)                (448)          (9,527)


   December 31, 2019                                         (9,291)               1,290           (8,001)




                                                    BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT     333
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


      Follow-on public offerings


      During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company completed the following follow-on public
      offerings:


      On January 22, 2018, the Company completed a follow-on public offering under the Company’s effective
      registration statement on Form S-3 at a price of US$101.00 per ADS, or US$7.77 per ordinary share. In
      this offering, the Company sold 7,425,750 ADSs representing 96,534,750 ordinary shares. Additionally, the
      underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 495,050 ADSs representing 6,435,650 ordinary
      shares from the Company. Net proceeds from this offering, including the underwriter option, after deducting
      the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were US$757,587,000.


      On August 8, 2018, the Company completed an initial public offering of its ordinary shares on HKEx and a
      follow-on public offering of its ADS on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the Company’s effective
      registration statement on Form S-3 at a price of US$13.76 per ordinary share, or US$178.90 per ADS. In this
      offering, the Company sold 65,600,000 ordinary shares. Net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts
      and commissions and offering expenses were US$869,709,000.


      Share Subscription Agreement


      On August 31, 2017, the Company sold 32,746,416 of its ordinary shares to BMS for an aggregate cash price
      of US$150,000,000, or US$4.58 per ordinary share, or US$59.55 per ADS, pursuant to a Share Subscription
      Agreement in connection with the entry into the A&R PD-1 License Agreement. Proceeds from the issuance
      are recorded net of US$72,000 of fees related to the share issuance. The offer and sale of the shares
      issued pursuant to the Share Subscription Agreement was made in a private placement in reliance upon the
      exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, for transactions by an issuer not
      involving a public offering, and/or Regulation D under the Securities Act.


24. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS


      The Company’s ability to pay dividends may depend on the Company receiving distributions of funds from
      its PRC subsidiaries. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the
      Company’s PRC subsidiaries only out of its retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with
      PRC accounting standards and regulations. The results of operations reflected in the consolidated financial
      statements prepared in accordance with GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements
      of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries.




334    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS (Continued)


    In accordance with the company law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide statutory
    reserves of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective
    registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required to
    provide discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, from the profits determined
    in accordance with the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used
    for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries were
    established as domestic invested enterprises and therefore were subject to the above-mentioned restrictions
    on distributable profits.


    During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, no appropriation to statutory reserves was made
    because the PRC subsidiaries had substantial losses during such periods.


    As a result of these PRC laws and regulations including the requirement to make annual appropriations
    of at least 10% of after-tax income and set aside as general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends,
    the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the
    Company.


    Foreign exchange and other regulation in the PRC may further restrict the Company’s PRC subsidiaries from
    transferring funds to the Company in the form of dividends, loans and advances. As of December 31, 2019
    and 2018, amounts restricted are the net assets of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries, which amounted to
    US$109,633,000 and US$93,281,000, respectively.


25. EMPLOYEE DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS


    Full-time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
    plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
    benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
    make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
    salaries. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The
    total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were US$23,282,000 and
    US$12,713,000 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.


    During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company implemented a defined contribution 401(k) savings
    plan (the “401(k) Plan”) for U.S. employees. The 401(k) Plan covers all U.S. employees, and allows participants
    to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pretax basis. In addition, the Company implemented a
    matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan, matching 50% of an employee’s contribution up to a maximum of
    3% of the participant’s compensation. Company contributions to the 401(k) plan totaled US$2,389,000 and
    US$1,275,000 in the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.




                                                        BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          335
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25. EMPLOYEE DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS (Continued)


      The Company maintains a government mandated program to cover employees of its wholly owned subsidiary
      in Switzerland for pension, death or disability. The pension arm of the program is considered a defined
      contribution plan. Employer and employee contributions are made based on various percentages of salaries
      and wages that vary based on employee age and other factors. Company contributions into the program
      amounted to US$528,000 and US$55,000 in the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
      Employee benefits for the remaining subsidiaries were immaterial.


      The contributions to the defined contribution plans are not reduced by contributions forfeited by those
      employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the contributions.


26. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


      Purchase Commitments


      As of December 31, 2019, the Company had purchase commitments amounting to US$128,532,000, of which
      US$97,203,000 related to minimum purchase requirements for supply purchased from contract manufacturing
      organizations and US$31,329,000 related to binding purchase order obligations of inventory from BMS. The
      Company does not have any minimum purchase requirements for inventory from BMS.


      Capital commitments


      The Company had capital commitments amounting to US$42,074,000 for the acquisition of property, plant
      and equipment as of December 31, 2019, which were mainly for BeiGene Guangzhou Factory’s manufacturing
      facility and expansion of BeiGene Guangzhou’s research and development activities in Guangzhou, China.


      Other Business Agreements


      The Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with contract research organizations
      (“CROs”) to provide research and development services. These contracts are generally cancelable at any time
      by the Company with prior written notice.


      The Company also enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license intellectual
      property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone
      payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products associated with its collaboration
      agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of
      such milestones or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet because
      the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of
      these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognized in the consolidated
      financial statements.




336    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION


   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, were
   disclosed pursuant to the HK Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is
   as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2019               2018
                                                                                            US$’ 000           US$’ 000


   Fees                                                                                           445                409
   Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,013                698
       Performance related bonuses                                                                544                562
       Share-based compensation expenses*                                                     14,439               9,161
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                13                  8


                                                                                              16,009             10,429


                                                                                              16,454             10,838


   *      Share-based compensation amount disclosed in Note 27 (including above table) and Note 28 represented the amount
          determined under U.S. GAAP and recognized in the relevant accounting periods mentioned above.


   For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, certain directors were granted share options or restricted
   share units, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option plans of the Company, further
   details of which are set out in Note 21. The fair value of such options or restricted share units, which has been
   recognized in the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period, was determined as at the date
   of grant and the accounting amount recognized in the respective accounting periods is included in the above
   directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           337
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)


      (a)   Independent non-executive directors

            The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors for the years ended December 31, 2019
            and 2018 were as follows:


            Year ended December 31, 2019


                                                               Salaries,
                                                             allowances     Performance   Share-based        Pension
                                                            and benefits         related compensation        scheme            Total
                                                    Fees         in kind       bonuses       expense    contributions   remuneration
                                                 US$’000       US$’000         US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Timothy Chen                              68               –              –          300               –            368
            Donald W. Glazer                          63               –              –          300               –            363
            Michael Goller                            55               –              –          300               –            355
            Ranjeev Krishana                          58               –              –          300               –            358
            Thomas Malley                             73               –              –          300               –            373
            Qingqing Yi                               71               –              –          300               –            371
            Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su                        57               –              –          310               –            367


                                                     445               –              –         2,110              –           2,555


            Year ended December 31, 2018


                                                                Salaries,
                                                             allowances     Performance   Share-based        Pension
                                                            and benefits         related compensation        scheme            Total
                                                    Fees          in kind      bonuses       expense    contributions   remuneration
                                                 US$’000       US$’000         US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Timothy Chen                              63               –              –          316               –            379
            Donald W. Glazer                          59               –              –          154               –            213
            Michael Goller                            53               –              –          154               –            207
            Ranjeev Krishana                          55               –              –          154               –            209
            Thomas Malley                             69               –              –          316               –            385
            Qingqing Yi                               74               –              –          154               –            228
            Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su*                       36               –              –          105               –            141


                                                     409               –              –         1,353              –           1,762


            *      Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su’s service as a director commenced in April 2018. Accordingly, his cash compensation was
                   pro-rated for the year.



338     BEIGENE, LTD.            •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

    (b)   Executive director, a non-executive director and chief executive

          For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Board of Directors comprised one executive
          director, John V. Oyler, who is also the chief executive of the Company. The remuneration paid to John V.
          Oyler for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2019           2018
                                                                                               US$’ 000       US$’ 000

          Fees                                                                                             –                    –
          Other emoluments:
            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 1,013                  698
            Performance related bonuses                                                                 544                  562
            Share-based compensation expenses                                                        12,329                7,808
            Pension scheme contributions                                                                 13                    8


                                                                                                     13,899                9,076


                                                                                                     13,899                9,076


          For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Board of Directors comprised one non-executive
          director, Xiaodong Wang. Xiaodong Wang did not receive any compensation as a director. The
          compensation received by Xiaodong Wang as a consultant during the years ended December 31, 2019
          and 2018 were detailed below and also included in Note 29.

          Year ended December 31, 2019

                                                            Salaries,
                                                         allowances     Performance Share-based            Pension
                                                        and benefits          related compensation         scheme            Total
                                               Fees           in kind       bonuses      expenses     contributions   remuneration
                                            US$’000         US$’000         US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000

          Xiaodong Wang                         100                –            150          6,377               –           6,627


          Year ended December 31, 2018

                                                            Salaries,
                                                         allowances     Performance Share-based            Pension
                                                        and benefits          related compensation         scheme            Total
                                               Fees           in kind       bonuses      expenses     contributions   remuneration
                                            US$’000         US$’000         US$’000       US$’000         US$’000        US$’000

          Xiaodong Wang                         100                –            150          3,396               –           3,646




                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT                339
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

      The five highest paid employees for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 included the following
      number of directors and chief executive, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 27 above.


                                                                                            Headcounts
                                                                                            2019              2018


      Directors and chief executive                                                             2                2
      Neither directors nor chief executive                                                     3                3


                                                                                                5                5


      Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining highest paid employees who are neither a director
      nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2019           2018
                                                                                       US$’ 000       US$’ 000


      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            1,654             1,375
      Performance related bonuses                                                            893               819
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                   10,849             7,239
      Pension scheme contributions                                                            21                14


                                                                                          13,417             9,447


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
      the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                       Number of employees
                                                                                          2019            2018


      HK$20,000,001 to HK$25,000,000                                                            –                2
      HK$25,000,001 to HK$30,000,000                                                            2                1
      HK$40,000,001 to HK$46,000,000                                                            1                –


                                                                                                3                3


      For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, share options, restricted shares or restricted share units
      were granted to a non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employee in respect of his services
      to the Group, further details of such equity award plans are included in the disclosures in Note 21. The fair
      value of such options and restricted share units, which have been recognized in the statement of operations
      over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the accounting amount recognized in
      the respective accounting periods is included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
      employees’ remuneration disclosures.


340    BEIGENE, LTD.       •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


   The Company had the following related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018:


   Xiaodong Wang, Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board, director and shareholder, provided consulting
   service to the Company, and the compensation received by Dr. Wang for such service during the year ended
   December 31, 2019 consisted of (i) US$100,000 (2018: US$100,000) in consulting fees, (ii) US$150,000 (2018:
   US$150,000) as a performance-based cash bonus, (iii) an option to purchase 747,708 ordinary shares (2018:
   655,044 ordinary shares) with a grant date fair value of US$3,750,000 (2018: US$4,646,000) and (iv) no RSU
   granted (2018: 94,133 ordinary shares with a grant date fair value of US$1,162,000).


   The cash component of the above related party transaction also constitutes a fully-exempt continuing
   connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules.


   Seattle Genetics


   On November 5, 2019, the Company entered into a license agreement with Seattle Genetics, Inc. for an
   advanced pre-clinical product candidate for treating cancer. The agent utilizes a proprietary Seattle Genetics
   antibody-based technology. Under the terms of the agreement, Seattle Genetics retained rights to the product
   candidate in the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin American countries), Europe and Japan. The
   Company was granted exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the product candidate in Asia (except
   Japan) and the rest of the world. Seattle Genetics will lead global development and BeiGene will fund and
   operationalize the portion of global clinical trials attributable to its territories. BeiGene will also be responsible
   for all clinical development and regulatory submissions specific to its territories. Seattle Genetics received
   an upfront payment of US$20,000,000 and is eligible to receive progress dependent milestones and tiered
   royalties on any product sales. Seattle Genetics is a related party due to a common shareholder, and that
   shareholder has different representatives serving on each companies’ respective board of directors. The
   upfront payment was expensed to research and development expense during the year ended December 31,
   2019 in accordance with the Company’s acquired in-process research and development expense policy.


   The above related party transaction does not constitute a connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the HK
   Listing Rules.




                                                          BEIGENE, LTD.        •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT           341
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


30. SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)


      The following table summarizes the unaudited statements of operations for each quarter of 2019 and 2018.
      The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on a basis consistent with the audited financial
      statements and includes all adjustments that the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of the
      information shown. The operating results for any fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the operating
      results for a full fiscal year or for any future period and there can be no assurances that any trend reflected in
      such results will continue in the future.


                                                                                    Quarter Ended
                                                            March 31,            June 30,     September 30,      December 31,
      2019                                                    US$’ 000           US$’ 000           US$’ 000           US$’ 000


      Revenue                                                   77,833            243,346             50,141             56,892
      Loss from operations                                    (173,755)           (85,833)          (312,266)          (388,037)
      Net loss                                                (168,069)           (85,954)          (308,660)          (387,895)
      Net loss attributable to
            ordinary shareholders                             (167,640)           (85,570)          (307,357)          (388,061)
      Basic and diluted net loss per share
            (in US$)(1)                                           (0.22)             (0.11)             (0.39)             (0.49)


                                                                                    Quarter Ended
                                                            March 31,            June 30,     September 30,      December 31,
      2018                                                    US$’ 000           US$’ 000           US$’ 000           US$’ 000


      Revenue                                                   32,544             52,804             54,202             58,670
      Loss from operations                                    (110,809)          (163,050)          (151,102)          (280,808)
      Net loss                                                (105,116)          (157,715)          (144,492)          (266,710)
      Net loss attributable to
            ordinary shareholders                             (104,596)          (156,887)          (144,031)          (268,255)
      Basic and diluted net loss per share
            (in US$)(1)                                           (0.16)             (0.22)             (0.19)             (0.35)

      (1)       Per common share amounts for the quarters and full years have been calculated separately. Accordingly, the sum of
                quarterly amounts may not equal the annual amount because of differences in the weighted average common shares
                outstanding during each period, principally due to the effect of share issuances by the Company during the year.




342     BEIGENE, LTD.           •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


31. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION


   The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the
   Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance and allocates resources on a
   consolidated basis.


   The Company’s long-lived assets are substantially located in the PRC.


   Net product revenues by geographic area are based upon the location of the customer, and net collaboration
   revenue is recorded in the jurisdiction in which the related income is expected to be sourced from. Total net
   revenues by geographic area are presented as follows:


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                      US$’ 000          US$’ 000


   PRC                                                                                 221,557          132,385
   U.S.                                                                                134,689            42,793
   Other                                                                                71,966            23,042


   Total                                                                               428,212          198,220


32. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


   On January 2, 2020, following approval by the Company’s shareholders and satisfaction of other closing
   conditions, the Company announced the closing of its global strategic oncology collaboration with Amgen
   for the commercialization and development in China of Amgen’s XGEVA, KYPROLIS, and BLINCYTO,
   and the joint global development of 20 oncology assets in Amgen’s pipeline, with BeiGene responsible for
   development and commercialization in China. In connection with the collaboration, Amgen purchased a
   20.5% stake in BeiGene for approximately US$2.8 billion in cash at US$174.85 per ADS.


   On March 17, 2020, in order to account for periodic dilution from the issuance of shares under the Company’s
   equity incentive plans, the Company and Amgen entered into a further amendment to the Share Purchase
   Agreement (the “Second Amendment”). Pursuant to the Second Amendment, Amgen will have an option (the
   “Direct Purchase Option”) to subscribe for additional shares (the “Additional Shares”) in an amount necessary
   to enable it to increase (and subsequently maintain) its ownership at approximately 20.6% of the Company’s
   outstanding share capital. The Direct Purchase Option is exercisable on a monthly basis, but only if Amgen’s
   interest in the outstanding share capital of the Company at the monthly reference date is less than 20.4%. The
   aggregate number of Additional Shares shall not exceed 75,000,000 ordinary shares during the term of the
   Direct Purchase Option. The purchase price for the Additional Shares will be the volume-weighted average
   price of the Company’s ADSs for the 90 days preceding the last trading day of the prior month. The Second
   Amendment and the issuance of Additional Shares thereunder are subject to approval by a majority vote of
   the Company’s shareholders, excluding Amgen, pursuant to the HK Listing Rules.



                                                      BEIGENE, LTD.        •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT         343
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


32. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Continued)


      On January 13, 2020, the Company entered into an exclusive development and commercialization agreement
      for the orphan biologic products SYLVANT and QARZIBA in Greater China with EUSA. Under the terms of
      the agreement, EUSA granted the Company exclusive rights to SYLVANT in Greater China and to QARZIBA
      in mainland China. Under the agreement, the Company has agreed to fund and undertake all clinical
      development and regulatory submissions in the territories, and plans to launch and commercialize both
      products once approved. EUSA received a US$40 million upfront payment and will be eligible to receive
      payments upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones up to a total of US$160 million.
      EUSA will also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on future product sales.


      Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)


      Beginning in January 2020, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has impacted the Company’s operations
      globally, including commercial sales, regulatory interactions and inspections, and clinical trial recruitment
      and participation. Given the uncertainty of the situation, the duration of the business disruption and related
      financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.


      ABRAXANE Restriction


      On March 25, 2020, the China National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) suspended the
      importation, sales and use of ABRAXANE in China supplied to the Company by Celgene, a BMS company.
      This suspension is based on inspection findings at BMS’s contract manufacturing facility in the United States.
      Following additional meetings with the health authorities, Celgene has initiated a voluntary recall of all existing
      stock of ABRAXANE in mainland China. As a result, the Company expects a disruption in ABRAXANE supply
      in China and is working closely with BMS to restore supply as soon as possible, including through BMS’s
      remediation efforts at the current manufacturing site and application to qualify an alternative manufacturing
      site for China supply. On March 25, 2020, the China National Healthcare Security Administration removed
      ABRAXANE from the volume-based procurement list due to the NMPA’s decision to suspend the importation,
      sales and use of ABRAXANE. The Company is continuously assessing the impact on the Group’s consolidated
      financial statements.




344    BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS


   The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
   respects from IFRSs. The effects of material differences between the Financial Information of the Group
   prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as follows:


   Consolidated statement of
     operations data                                                  Year ended December 31, 2019
                                              Amounts as
                                            reported under                                                                 Amounts
                                               U.S. GAAP                        IFRSs adjustments                       under IFRSs
                                                 US$’ 000         US$’ 000             US$’ 000          US$’ 000          US$’ 000
                                                                                                      Tax benefit/
                                                                                                     deficiency on
                                                               Share based            Preferred       share based
                                                              compensation               Shares      compensation
                                                                   (note (i))          (note (ii))       (note (iii))


   Research and development                       (927,338)        (23,380)                     –                  –       (950,718)
   Selling, general and administrative            (388,249)          (8,820)                    –                  –       (397,069)


   Loss before income tax expense                 (943,586)        (32,200)                     –                  –       (975,786)
   Income tax (expense) benefit                     (6,992)           2,048                     –          (19,977)         (24,921)


   Net loss                                       (950,578)        (30,152)                     –          (19,977)      (1,000,707)


   Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.         (948,628)        (30,152)                     –          (19,977)        (998,757)




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.           •      2019     ANNUAL REPORT           345
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


      Consolidated statement of
        operations data                                                   Year ended December 31, 2018
                                                   Amounts as
                                                 reported under                                                                Amounts
                                                    U.S. GAAP                       IFRSs adjustments                       under IFRSs
                                                      US$’ 000        US$’ 000             US$’ 000          US$’ 000          US$’ 000
                                                                                                          Tax benefit/
                                                                                                         deficiency on
                                                                   Share based            Preferred       share based
                                                                  compensation              Shares       compensation
                                                                       (note (i))          (note (ii))       (note (iii))


      Research and development                        (679,005)        (13,073)                     –                  –       (692,078)
      Selling, general and administrative             (195,385)        (16,381)                     –                  –       (211,766)


      Loss before income tax expense                  (689,829)        (29,454)                     –                  –       (719,283)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                      15,796           1,692                      –         (16,371)            1,117


      Net loss                                        (674,033)        (27,762)                     –         (16,371)         (718,166)


      Less: net (loss) profit attributable to
            noncontrolling interests                      (264)              38                     –                  –           (226)


      Net loss attributable to BeiGene, Ltd.          (673,769)        (27,800)                     –         (16,371)         (717,940)




346     BEIGENE, LTD.            •     2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


   Consolidated balance sheet data                                 As at December 31, 2019
                                       Amounts as
                                     reported under                                                                 Amounts
                                        U.S. GAAP                        IFRSs adjustments                       under IFRSs
                                          US$’ 000         US$’ 000             US$’ 000          US$’ 000          US$’ 000
                                                                                               Tax benefit/
                                                                                              deficiency on
                                                        Share based            Preferred       share based
                                                       compensation               Shares      compensation
                                                            (note (i))          (note (ii))       (note (iii))


   Deferred tax assets                      37,894             2,048                     –           (8,617)          46,818
                                                              6,876*                     –           8,617*


   Total assets                          1,612,289             8,924                     –                  –      1,621,213


   Additional paid-in capital            2,925,970           32,200                                  11,360        3,379,979
                                                            75,501*             307,894*            27,054*
   Accumulated deficit                   (1,955,843)        (32,200)                                (19,977)      (2,400,928)
                                                               2,048
                                                            (68,625)*           (307,894)*          (18,437)*


   Total equity                            978,355             8,924                     –                  –        987,279




                                                       BEIGENE, LTD.           •      2019     ANNUAL REPORT           347
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)


      Consolidated balance sheet data                                        As at December 31, 2018
                                               Amounts as
                                             reported under                                                                   Amounts
                                                U.S. GAAP                          IFRSs adjustments                       under IFRSs
                                                  US$’ 000           US$’ 000             US$’ 000          US$’ 000          US$’ 000
                                                                                                         Tax benefit/
                                                                                                        deficiency on
                                                                  Share based            Preferred       share based
                                                               compensation                Shares       compensation
                                                                      (note (i))          (note (ii))       (note (iii))


      Deferred tax assets                           29,542              1,692                      –                  –        45,035
                                                                       5,184*                      –           8,617*


      Total assets                               2,249,684              6,876                      –            8,617        2,265,177


      Additional paid-in capital                 2,744,814             29,454             307,894*            16,371         3,155,263
                                                                      46,047*                                10,683*
      Accumulated deficit                        (1,007,215)          (29,454)            (307,894)*         (16,371)       (1,402,171)
                                                                        1,692                                  (2,066)*
                                                                            (38)
                                                                      (40,825)*
      Noncontrolling interests                      14,445                  38                     –                  –        14,445
                                                                            (38)*                  –                  –


      Total equity                               1,753,647              6,876                      –            8,617        1,769,140


      *     IFRSs adjustments brought forward from prior years.




348       BEIGENE, LTD.          •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

   Notes:

   (i)    Share based compensation

          Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for
          all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions provided that the amount of
          compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant-date value of the options that
          are vested at that date.

          Under IFRSs, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity awards
          granted with graded vesting.

          A difference of US$32,200,000 arose between the amount of share-based compensation (included in research and
          development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses) recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs
          for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018: US$29,454,000). The related income tax impact of this item was
          US$2,048,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018: US$1,692,000).

          The accumulated difference on share-based compensation recognized in expenses and additional paid-in capital
          under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs was US$75,501,000, the related income tax impact on above differences was
          US$6,876,000, and net impact on the accumulated deficit was US$68,625,000 as of December 31, 2018. The
          differences as of December 31, 2018 were all carried forward as opening IFRSs adjustments to the balance sheet as
          of January 1, 2019.

   (ii)   Preferred Shares

          Prior to the Company’s US IPO, the Company had Preferred Shares, which were converted into ordinary shares at
          the time of the US IPO. Under U.S. GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as mezzanine
          equity as these convertible preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event (i.e.,
          Liquidation Transaction). The holders of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence
          of the conditional event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred
          shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion options are clearly and closely related to
          the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares of the conversion options and redemption options are not
          publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible
          preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most
          favorable conversion prices. The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently and is
          not probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction
          is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is
          probable that they will become redeemable.

          Under IFRSs, the Preferred Shares were regarded as a hybrid instrument consisting of a host debt instrument and a
          conversion option as a derivative. This was the result of certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares
          being outside the control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
          Shares were entitled to convert the Preferred Shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon
          occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Under IFRSs, the Company initially recorded all of the Preferred Shares
          as financial liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in the amount of the fair value of the Preferred Shares
          recognized in the statement of operations in the year in which they arose. Hence, all the fair value changes in the
          Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016
          was recognized in the statement of operations under IFRSs, and the cumulative effect of such fair value changes
          was recognized in the additional paid in capital account upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares into the
          ordinary shares. The effect of such IFRSs adjustments on accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital was
          US$307,894,000 which was all carried forward to opening balance sheets of subsequent financial years/periods.




                                                              BEIGENE, LTD.         •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT             349
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)

      Notes: (Continued)


      (iii)   Tax benefit/deficiency on share-based compensation


              Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are calculated based on the cumulative share-based compensation expense
              recognized in the financial statements, and ASC 2016-09 required all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be
              recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of operations, rather than in shareholders’ equity.


              Under IFRSs, deferred taxes are calculated based on the estimated tax deduction determined at each reporting date.
              If the tax deduction exceeds cumulative compensation cost for an individual award, deferred tax based on the excess
              is credited to shareholders’ equity. If the tax deduction is less than or equal to cumulative compensation cost for an
              individual award, deferred taxes are recorded in statement of operations.


              The accumulated difference on deferred tax asset for tax benefit on share-based compensation recognized under
              U.S. GAAP and IFRSs was nil as of December 31, 2019 (2018:US$8,617,000). The difference was recognized in
              equity under IFRSs, and was determined to the extent of future available taxable profit against which the estimated
              additional tax deduction as of December 31, 2019 can be utilized. The cumulative income tax benefit on excess
              tax deductions of US$19,977,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018: US$16,371,000) was recognized in
              equity under IFRSs, rather than in the statement of operations under U.S. GAAP.


              The accumulated difference of US$8,617,000 recognized in deferred tax assets and the excess tax deduction of
              US$18,437,000 recognized in equity amounted to US$27,054,000 as of December 31, 2018, and are carried forward
              as opening adjustments to the balance sheet as of January 1, 2019 under IFRSs.


      (iv)    Lease


              The Group adopted the new lease standard effective January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method and
              did not restate historical comparative periods under U.S. GAAP. As a lessee, the Group recognized a lease liability
              based on the present value of the total remaining lease payments, and a corresponding right of use asset under U.S.
              GAAP. The Group subsequently recognize an operating lease expense on straight line basis over the lease term.


              IFRS 16, Lease requires entities to present interest expense on the lease liability and depreciation on the right of use
              assets separately in the statement of operations. This will change the allocation of expenses and the total amount
              of expenses recognized for each period of the lease term. The combination of a straight-line depreciation of the
              right-of-use asset and the effective interest rate method applied to the lease liability will result in a higher total charge
              to profit or loss in the initial years of the lease terms, and a decreasing expense during the latter years of the lease
              terms.


              Based on the Group’s assessment, the differences on lease recognized under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs did not have
              material impact on audited financial statements as of December 31, 2019 and the year then ended.




350      BEIGENE, LTD.          •    2019     ANNUAL REPORT
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


34. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                 US$’ 000       US$’ 000

   Assets
   Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                     64,462        227,727
     Short-term investments                                                       232,204        885,535
     Accounts receivable                                                          206,055        120,426
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                     74,624         56,485


   Total current assets                                                           577,345      1,290,173


   Non-current assets:
    Long-term equity investments                                                  175,385        167,139
    Property and equipment, net                                                     4,874          1,910
    Other non-current assets                                                      418,511        473,665


   Total non-current assets                                                       598,770        642,714


   Total assets                                                                 1,176,115      1,932,887


   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
   Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                                             169,557        159,707
     Accrued expenses and other payables                                           42,559         32,761


   Total current liabilities                                                      212,116        192,468


   Non-current liabilities:
    Other long-term liabilities                                                      1,794         1,217


   Total non-current liabilities                                                     1,794         1,217


   Total liabilities                                                              213,910        193,685


   Shareholders’ equity (deficit):
     Ordinary shares, US$0.0001 par value per share;
       9,500,000,000 shares authorized;
       801,340,698 and 776,263,184 shares issued and outstanding as of
       December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively                                          79            77
     Additional paid-in capital                                                  2,925,970      2,744,814
     Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)                                   (8,001)        1,526
     Accumulated deficit                                                        (1,955,843)    (1,007,215)


   Total equity                                                                   962,205      1,739,202


   Total liabilities and equity                                                 1,176,115      1,932,887


                                                   BEIGENE, LTD.     •   2019    ANNUAL REPORT       351
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


34. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)


      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                 Additional
                                                          Ordinary Shares          Paid-In    Accumulated    Accumulated
                                                          Shares        Amount     Capital            OCI         Deficit       Total
                                                                       US$’000    US$’000         US$’000        US$’000     US$’000

      Balance at December 31, 2017                    592,072,330          59    1,000,747           (217)       (333,446)    667,143


      Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
        with follow-on public offering                102,970,400          10      757,577              –               –     757,587
      Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
        with global offering and HK IPO                65,600,000           7      869,702              –               –     869,709
      Issuance of shares reserved for share
        option exercises                                1,299,186           –            –              –               –            –
      Share-based compensation                                  –           –       87,127              –               –       87,127
      Exercise of options and release of RSUs          14,321,268           1       29,661              –               –       29,662
      Other comprehensive income                                –           –            –          1,743               –        1,743
      Net loss                                                  –           –            –              –        (673,769)    (673,769)


      Balance at December 31, 2018                    776,263,184          77    2,744,814          1,526      (1,007,215)   1,739,202


      Issuance of shares reserved for share
        option exercises                                4,505,839           –            –              –               –             –
      Share-based compensation                                  –           –      134,154              –               –      134,154
      Exercise of options, ESPP and release of RSUs    20,571,675           2       47,002              –               –       47,004
      Other comprehensive loss                                  –           –            –         (9,527)              –        (9,527)
      Net loss                                                  –           –            –              –        (948,628)    (948,628)


      Balance at December 31, 2019                    801,340,698          79    2,925,970         (8,001)     (1,955,843)    962,205


      The above statement of financial position of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
      and in conformity with the disclosure requirements of the HK Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.


35. DIVIDENDS


      The Board of Directors of the Company did not recommend the distribution of any annual dividend for the
      year ended December 31, 2019 (year ended December 31, 2018: nil).


36. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company on March 31, 2020.



352     BEIGENE, LTD.            •     2019       ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                         DEFINITIONS


“2011 Plan”                 the 2011 Option Plan adopted by the Company on April 15, 2011 and most
                            recently amended on April 17, 2015


“2016 Plan”                 the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
                            approved by our Board on November 7, 2018, and by our shareholders on
                            December 7, 2018, to replace the Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option
                            and Incentive Plan originally adopted by the Company on January 14, 2016


“2018 ESPP”                 the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan
                            approved by our Board on November 7, 2018, and by our Shareholders on
                            December 7, 2018, to replace the Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share
                            Purchase Plan originally adopted by the Company on June 6, 2018


“2018 Inducement Plan” or   the Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan adopted by the
  “2018 Plan”               Company on June 6, 2018 and most recently amended on August 7, 2018


“ADS(s)”                    American Depositary Shares (each representing 13 ordinary shares of the
                            Company)


“affiliate(s)”              with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                            controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such
                            specified person


”Amgen”                     Amgen Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware, US, on April 7,
                            1987


“Amgen Collaboration        a Collaboration Agreement dated October 31, 2019, by and between BeiGene
  Agreement”                Switzerland and Amgen, which became effective on January 2, 2020


“Articles”                  the fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                            adopted by special resolution of the Shareholders passed on December 7, 2018,
                            as amended from time to time


“associate(s)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“BeiGene”, “Company”,       BeiGene, Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under
  “our Company” or          the laws of the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2010
  “the Company”


“BeiGene Biologics”         BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd.* ( 百濟神州生物藥業有限公司 ), a company
                            incorporated under the laws of the PRC on January 25, 2017 and indirectly held
                            by the Company as to 95% of its equity interests and by GET as to 5% of its
                            equity interests




                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT          353
DEFINITIONS


“BeiGene Guangzhou Factory”      BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (廣州百濟神州生物製藥
                                 有限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on March 3, 2017
                                 and a wholly owned subsidiary of BeiGene Biologics


“BeiGene (Suzhou)”               BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (百濟神州（蘇州）生物科技有限公司), a company
                                 incorporated under the laws of the PRC on April 9, 2015 and an indirectly wholly
                                 owned subsidiary of the Company


“BLA”                            biologics license application


“Board”                          the Board of Directors of the Company


“CDE”                            Center for Drug Evaluation at the NMPA


“China” or “PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                                 only for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                 Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. “Chinese” shall be construed
                                 accordingly


“CMOs”                           contract manufacturing organizations


“Companies Ordinance”            the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the HK Listing Rules


“Corporate Governance Code”      the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out in
                                 Appendix 14 of the HK Listing Rules


“CROs”                           contract research organizations


“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of our Company


“EMA”                            European Medicines Agency


“EU”                             the European Union


“EUSA”                           EUSA Pharma




354     BEIGENE, LTD.   •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


“FDA”                            U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“GDPR”                           General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679


“GET”                            Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd. (now Guangzhou High-
                                 tech Zone Technology Holding Group Co., Ltd.), a limited liability company
                                 established under the laws of the PRC on November 27, 1998 and an
                                 Independent Third Party


“Group”, “our Group”,            the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “the Group”, “we”,
  “us”, or “our”


“HKEx”                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HK Listing Rules”               the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                 Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                 time


“Hong Kong” or “HK”              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or           Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollar” or “HK$”


“IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                                 International Accounting Standards Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity or person who is not a connected person of the Company within the
                                 meaning ascribed thereto under the HK Listing Rules


“IPO”                            initial public offering


“Listing”                        the listing of our Shares on the Main Board


“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the HKEx which
                                 is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market
                                 of the Stock Exchange


“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set
                                 out in Appendix 10 of the HK Listing Rules


“NASDAQ”                         Nasdaq Stock Market


“NASDAQ Listing Rules”           the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market


                                                           BEIGENE, LTD.   •    2019   ANNUAL REPORT       355
DEFINITIONS


“NDA”                                new drug application


“NMPA”                               National Medical Products Administration, successor to the China Food and
                                     Drug Administration


“NRDL”                               the National Reimbursement Drug List


“Prospectus”                         the prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018


“Reporting Period”                   the year ended December 31, 2019


“RMB” or “Renminbi”                  Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“SAFE”                               State Administration of Foreign Exchange


“SEC”                                Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“SFO”                                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                                     as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Share(s)”                           ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company


“Share Purchase Agreement”           a share purchase agreement dated October 31, 2019, as amended, by and
                                     between BeiGene, Ltd. and Amgen


“sNDA”                               supplementary new drug applications


“subsidiary(ies)”                    has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


“substantial shareholder”            has the meaning ascribed to it in the HK Listing Rules


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”      the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject
                                     to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”or       United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
  “US$”


“U.S. GAAP”                          United States generally accepted accounting principles




356     BEIGENE, LTD.       •     2019   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                          GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“BRAF”                means   a human gene that makes the B-raf protein involved in sending internal cell
                              signals that direct cell growth


“BTK”                 means   Bruton’s tyrosine kinase. BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling
                              pathway and is an important regulator of cell proliferation and cell survival in
                              various lymphomas


“cHL”                 means   classical Hodgkin’s Lymphoma


“complete response”   means   the disappearance of all signs of cancer in response to treatment


“FcγR”                means   Fc-gamma receptor


“immunoglobulin”      means   glycoprotein molecules produced by plasma cells (white blood cells), which
                              are also known as antibodies. They act as a critical part of the immune
                              response by specifically recognizing and binding to particular antigens, such
                              as bacteria or viruses, and aiding in their destruction


“Kinase”              means   a type of enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from high-
                              energy, phosphate-donating molecules to specific substrates. The protein
                              kinases make up the majority of all kinases. Protein kinases act on proteins,
                              phosphorylating them on their serine, threonine, tyrosine, or histidine
                              residues. These kinases play a major role in protein and enzyme regulation
                              as well as signaling in the cell


“MCL”                 means   mantle cell lymphoma


“PARP”                means   poly ADP ribose polymerase, a family of proteins involved in numerous
                              cellular processes, mostly involving DNA replication and transcriptional
                              regulation, which plays an essential role in cell survival in response to DNA
                              damage


“PD-1”                means   programmed cell death protein 1, an immune checkpoint receptor expressed
                              on T-cells and pro-B-cells that binds two ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. PD-1
                              is a cell surface receptor that plays an important role in down-regulating the
                              immune system by preventing the activation of T-cells


“pivotal trials”      means   a potentially registration-enabling trial or program that is intended to
                              provide clinical data to support a regulatory approval for marketing the drug
                              candidate




                                                  BEIGENE, LTD.      •    2019    ANNUAL REPORT          357
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS


“RAF dimer”             means      a protein complex formed by two copies of RAF proteins. This could be a
                                   BRAF-BRAF complex, a BRAF-CRAF complex, or a CRAF-CRAF complex


“R/R”                   means      relapsed or refractory


“T-Cell”                means      a type of white blood cell that play a large role in immune response and that
                                   differs from other white blood cells like B-cells by the presence of the T-cell
                                   receptor on the T-cell’s outer surface, which is responsible for recognizing
                                   antigens bound to major histocompatibility complex molecules


“TIM-3”                 means      T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3, a Th1-specific
                                   cell surface protein that functions as an immune checkpoint, regulating
                                   macrophage activation and enhancing the severity of experimental
                                   autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice


“UC”                    means      urothelial carcinoma


“WM”                    means      Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia




358     BEIGENE, LTD.   •   2019   ANNUAL REPORT
