                                                                           2 October 2026


2026 Third Quarter Trading Update Pre-Close Aide Memoire
This aide memoire brings together certain previous public communications made by
WPP as extracted from their original source, which readers may find helpful to
consider ahead of WPP’s 2026 third quarter trading update on 29 October 2026. All
statements have had their source attributed and should only be taken as speaking as
at the date they were made, and they do not reflect subsequent or recent events,
circumstances, or developments. No new information or disclosure is given in this
document. Any updates to the information contained in this document and other
previous public communications would only be included in further communications
by WPP to the market and the inclusion of the extracted statements herein should
not be taken to indicate that they will not be updated in the future.

Financial outlook for 2026
WPP published its initial 2026 guidance with the 2025 Preliminary Results on 26 February
2026 and reaffirmed guidance with the 2026 Interim Results on 6 August 2026.

LFL revenue less pass-through costs1,2
• We anticipate LFL revenue less pass-through costs to decline in the mid to high-single
  digits in the first half of 2026 with an improving trajectory in the second half (source:
  Strategy Update and 2025 Preliminary Results, 26 February 2026).
• We continue to expect an improving trajectory in the second half and expect LFL revenue
  less pass-through costs overall to decline low to mid-single digits in H2 (source: 2026
  Interim Results, 6 August 2026).

Headline operating profit2
• We maintain our full year margin expectation of 12% to 13%. This is consistent with
  second half margins decreasing by up to c.200 bps year-on-year, reflecting the phasing of
  our investment plans, including both investment in growth initiatives and the rebuilding of
  our incentives (source: 2026 Interim Results, 6 August 2026).
• “Turning to headline operating margin, while we are encouraged by the H1 margin
  performance, as we discussed, the first half was helped by the lower headline severance
  and cost savings. We anticipate investment in our growth drivers, as well as the rebuild of
  incentives to step up significantly in the second half. Reflecting this, we still expect
  headline operating margin to be in the range of 12% to 13%, consistent with the second
  half margin decreasing by as much as 200 basis points” (source: 2026 Interim Results
  Teleconference Transcript, 6 August 2026).

Adjusted operating cash flow before working capital
• We continue to anticipate adjusted operating cash flow before working capital of £800m to
  £900m (source: 2026 Interim Results, 6 August 2026).
• “Our expectation for cash flow is unchanged with adjusted operating cash flow pre-
  working capital in the range of £800 million to £900 million. As a reminder, this includes
  the anticipated restructuring costs associated with the Elevate28 programme and
  historical restructuring programmes. Excluding these, we would anticipate adjusted
  operating cash flow before working capital of £1.0 billion to £1.1 billion” (source: 2026
  Interim Results Teleconference Transcript, 6 August 2026).
                                                                                              2



Q3 and H2 2026 performance
• “In February we indicated, that at that point, we anticipated the impact of gross client
   losses to be in the range of 500 to 600 basis points, while we expected the impact of
   gross wins to be more positive than last year with the phasing of wins and losses
   consistent with an improving trajectory through the year. Based on our new business
   performance in the second quarter, while we would estimate the impact of incremental
   losses to be at the top end of the 500 to 600 basis points range, the impact of wins means
   that as we progress through the second half we expect the year-on-year drag from net
   new business to continue to lessen and, as such, we remain confident in an improving
   trajectory.”
• “A key unknown is the trend with existing clients and while we are encouraged by the Q2
   performance, we note the ongoing uncertainty in the Middle East as well as the
   polarisation of spend patterns both between and within sectors. Reflecting this we take a
   balanced view of the outlook and, having seen H1 LFL decline at -4.7%, we expect LFL
   revenue less pass-through costs to decline low-to mid-single digits in the second half.”
• “China has been a challenging market for us for some time, where we have seen double-
   digit declines. We did talk in Q1 that we expected to see an improving trajectory, and
   indeed we did in Q2, which was up double digits. There are some timing factors within
   that, and I wouldn't expect that level of like-for-like to continue in the second half, but I
   would expect China's performance to continue to stabilise.”
(source: 2026 Interim Results Teleconference Transcript, 6 August 2026).

H2 headline operating profit margin
• “On cost savings, the Elevate28 savings will be skewed to the second half reaching a run
   rate of £250 million by year-end and achieving £100 million of savings in-year. We note,
   though, that we start to anniversary the action taken last year at WPP Media in the
   second half, so these savings are against a tougher comparable.”
• “In terms of investments, I think of investments in two buckets. First of all is incentives.
   We did start to rebuild our incentives in the first half, but again, they're very much skewed
   to the second half and I expect those to rebuild in the second half. And in other
   investments, Cindy and I have talked about our key priority being to get back to growth,
   encouraged by the trajectory we have seen and we will continue to invest in the business,
   particularly in the area of commerce, enterprise solutions, media and data, to ensure that
   we are able to drive sustained growth. The guidance for the second half and holding full-
   year margin at 12%-13% really gives us that flexibility to make sure we are continuing that
   investment in the second half.”
(source: 2026 Interim Results Teleconference Transcript, 6 August 2026).

Elevate28 cost savings
• We are on track to deliver £100m of in-year savings in 2026 as part of the broader
   Elevate28 programme targeting £500m in gross annualised cost savings by 2028,
   unlocking capital to support reinvestment into our primary growth engines (source: 2026
   Interim Results, 6 August 2026).
• To achieve this transformation and deliver £500m of gross savings by 2028, we anticipate
   total cash costs of approximately £400m phased over two years. We will reinvest a
   significant portion of savings into high-growth areas (source: Strategy Update and 2025
   Preliminary Results, 26 February 2026)
• “As a lagging indicator we expect organic growth to remain subdued in 2026. We also
   anticipate margins to remain below historic levels as we reinvest savings to support
   growth. Alongside this we expect an elevated average leverage ratio” (source: Strategy
   Update and 2025 Preliminary Results Teleconference Transcript, 26 February 2026).
                                                                                                                                              3



  Cash flow
  • Furthermore, we have made progress on the rationalisation of our portfolio, with several
    non-core asset disposals. Based on activity to date we expect FY proceeds from
    disposal-related activity of over £200m. We continue to make progress on further
    potential asset disposals and will provide updates as appropriate (source: 2026 Interim
    Results, 6 August 2026).
  • “Looking further down the cash flow, as you know, we don’t guide on working capital given
    the scope for this to show volatility around year-end. However, given progress with asset
    disposals to date, we expect the overall impact of disposal-related activity – some of
    which will come via direct disposal proceeds and some via associate dividends – to
    contribute at least £200 million to our cash flow” (source: 2026 Interim Results
    Teleconference Transcript, 6 August 2026).

Dividend
 • “Reflecting confidence in the plan, having declared a 7.5p final dividend for 2025, the
    Board intends to maintain the annual dividend at 15.0p per share in 2026” (source:
    Strategy Update and 2025 Preliminary Results Teleconference Transcript, 26 February
    2026).

  FX Impact
  • Current rates (at 31 July 2026, with USD/GBP rate of 1.35) imply a c.0.7% drag on FY
    2026 revenue less pass-through costs (source: 2026 Interim Results, 6 August 2026).

  Consensus Estimates
  • The latest consensus estimates can be seen at https://www.vuma.com/public/consensus/
    wpp.

  A reminder of other 2026 modelling assumptions
  • Mergers and acquisitions will not significantly impact revenue less pass-through costs
  • Headline earnings from associates of around £30m
  • Non-controlling interests of around £45m
  • Headline net finance costs of around £290m
  • Headline effective tax rate1 between 33% to 34%
  • Capex of around £190m
  • Total cash restructuring costs of around £250m, consisting of c.£190m from Elevate28
     and c.£60m from historical programmes
  (source: 2026 Interim Results, 6 August 2026).

   For further information:
   Investors and analysts                                                              Media
   Thomas Singlehurst, CFA        +44 7876 431922                                      Niken Wresniwiro, WPP              +44 20 7282 4600
   Anthony Hamilton               +44 7464 532903                                      Louise Lacourarie                  +44 20 7282 4600
   Melissa Fung                   +44 7353 107064


   irteam@wpp.com                 wpp.com/investors                                    press@wpp.com




1. Like-for-like.
                LFL comparisons are calculated as follows: current year, constant currency actual results (which include acquisitions from the
relevant date of completion) are compared with prior year, constant currency actual results, adjusted to include the results of acquisitions and
disposals for the commensurate period in the prior year.
2. Management believes these non-GAAP measures, including like-for-like, revenue less pass-through costs and headline operating profit, are both

useful and necessary to better understand the Group’s results. Details of how these measures are calculated are detailed in the 2026 Interim
Results RNS, 6 August 2026.
                                                                                                                 4



Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements
This document contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”.
Forward-looking statements give the Company’s current expectations or forecasts of future events.

These forward-looking statements may include, among other things, plans, objectives, beliefs,
intentions, strategies, projections and anticipated future economic performance based on
assumptions and the like that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements can be
identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such
as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘intend’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’,
‘potential’, ‘possible’, ‘predict’, ‘project’, ‘plan’, ‘target’, and other words and similar references to future
periods but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. As such, all forward-looking
statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances that
are beyond the control of the Company. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those
discussed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on such
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, as a prediction of actual
results or otherwise. Important factors which may cause actual results to differ include but are not
limited to: the unanticipated loss of a material client or key personnel; delays, suspensions or
reductions in client advertising budgets; shifts in industry rates of compensation; regulatory
compliance costs or litigation; changes in competitive factors in the industries in which we operate
and demand for the Group’s products and services; changes in client advertising, marketing and
corporate communications requirements; the Group’s inability to realise the future anticipated benefits
of acquisitions; failure to realise the Group’s assumptions regarding goodwill and indefinite lived
intangible assets; natural disasters or acts of terrorism; the Company’s ability to attract new clients;
the economic and geopolitical impact of conflicts; the risk of global economic downturn; slower
growth, increasing interest rates and high and sustained inflation; tariffs and other trade barriers;
supply chain issues affecting the distribution of the Group’s clients’ products; technological changes
and risks to the security of IT and operational infrastructure, systems, data and information resulting
from increased threat of cyber and other attacks; effectively managing the risks, challenges and
efficiencies presented by using Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Generative AI technologies and
partnerships in the Group’s business; risks related to the Group’s environmental, social and
governance goals and initiatives, including impacts from regulators and other stakeholders, and the
impact of factors outside of the Group’s control on such goals and initiatives; the Company’s exposure
to changes in the values of other major currencies (because a substantial portion of its revenues are
derived and costs incurred outside of the UK); and the overall level of economic activity in the
Company’s major markets (which varies depending on, among other things, regional, national and
international political and economic conditions and government regulations in the world’s advertising
markets). In addition, you should consider the risks described in Item 3D, captioned ‘Risk Factors’ in
the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F, which could also cause actual results to
differ from forward-looking information. Neither the Company, nor any of its directors, officers or
employees, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of any events
anticipated, expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements will actually occur. Accordingly, no
assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and investors are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements.

Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations (including under the Market Abuse
Regulation, the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the Financial
Conduct Authority), the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Group speak only as of the date they are
made and are based upon the knowledge and information available to the Directors at the time.
